JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS

x

From December the 30th, 1794,

In the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

T O

October the ift, 1795,

In the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

V

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 50.

Vol. 50. B

MriTige to attend His Majesty.

Writs issued in Recess.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of CO MMONS.

Mortis,30® die Decembrist

Anno 35* Georgii III*" Regis, 1794.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyntux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in puffuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of " Two Acts, made in the Tenth ana Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes " the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his " Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for the Electioiji of Members to serve in " Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned} and " for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out mew Writs 'for the Election of Members to fefve in Parliament for the following Places; viz.for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, in the room of Sir Henry Baronet, deceased; for the County of in the

room of the Right honourable John Earl of Upper OJfory in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Baron Upper OJfory, called up to the House of Peers} for the County of Lincoln, in the room of Charles Anderfoti Pelham, Esquire, now Baron Yarborough, called up to the House of Peers; for the Borough of IVenlock, in the County of Salop, in the room of Si i,

Baronet, now Baron Bradford, called of to the House of Peers; for the County of Berks, in the room of Winchcombe Henry Hartley, Esquire, deceased; for the Borough of Cittberoe, in the County of LanCaJler, in the room of Asfneton Curzon, Esquire, now Baron

Curzon, called up to the House of Peers; for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Phipps, Lord Mulgrave in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Baron Mulgrave, called up to the House of Peers; for the City of Durham, in the room of Jo Esquire, deceased; for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Bathurst, commonly called Lord , now Earl Bathurst, called up to the House of Peers; for the Bofough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, in the room of the Right honourable Lord

Clive in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Baron Clive, called up to the House of Peers} for the Borough of Weymouth and Mtlcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Sir James Johnftone, Baronet, deceased; for the Shire of Stirling, in the room of Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, now Baron Dundas,

Called up to the House of Peers; for the Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of Anglesey, in the room of Sir Hugh Williams, Baronet, deceased; for the County of Surrey, in the room of the Honourable William Clement Finch, deceased; for the County of Anglesey, in the room of the Honourable William Paget, deceased; and for the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir James Tylney Long, Baronet, deceased.

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took Member* take the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, °aths* and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such- Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Bill Outlawries, was read the First Time. md-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Act for regu-Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present f,ula)inS,^e,

- . & ii- Civil Lkiticdd.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon -His

Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same " from being in Arre.tr for the future, by regulating

« the

4 3 o° Decembris.1794.

" the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, " and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices " therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the " Revenues of the Civil List," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Mr Speiker Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had at-rejorts die tended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where inss&peec . jqjs Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament $ of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth;

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

After the uniform Experience which I have had of your zealous Regard for the Interests of My People, it is a great Satisfaction to Me to recur to your Advice and Assistance, at a Period which calls for the full Exertion of your Energy and Wisdom.

notwithstanding the Disappointments and Reverses which We have experienced in the Course of the last Campaign, I retain a firm Conviction of the Necef. fity of persisting in the vigorous Prosecution of the just and neceftkry War in which We are engaged.

' You will, I am confident, agree with Me, that it is only from Firmncfs and Perseverance that We can hope for the Restoration of Peace on safe and honourable Grounds, and for the Preservation and permanent Security of our dearest Interests.

In considering the Situation of our Enemies, you will not fail to observe, that the Efforts which have led to their Succefifes, and the unexampled Means by which alone those Efforts could have been Supported, have produced, amongst themselves, the pernicious EffcCfs which were to be expected; and that every Thing which has passed in the Interior of the Country, has shewn the progressive and rapid Decay of their Resources, and the Instability of every Part of that violent and unnatural System, which is equally ruinous to France, and incompatible with the Tranquillity of other Nations.

The States General of the United Provinces have nevertheless been led, by a Sense of present Difficulties, to enter into Negociations for Peace with the Party now prevailing in that unhappy Country. — Noestabliftied Government or independent State, can under the present Circumstances, derive real Security from Such Negociations: On Our Part, they could not be attempted without ftcrificing both Our Honour and Safety to an F.nemy whose chief Animosity is avowedly directed against these Kingdoms.

I have therefore continued to life the most effectual Means for the further Augmentation of My Forces; and I shall omic no Opportunity of concerting the Operations of the next Campaign with such of the Powers of Europe as are impressed with the same Sense of the Necessity of Vigour and Exertion. I place the fulleft Reliance on the Valour of My Forces, and on the Affection and Public Spirit of My People, in whose Behalf I am contending, and whole Safety and Happiness are the Objects of My constant Solicitude.

The local Importance of and the Spirited

Efforts of its Inhabitants to deliver themselves from the Yoke of France, determined Me not to withhold the Protection which they foughc for; and 1 have Since accepted of the Crown and Sovereignty of that Country, according to an Instrument, a Copy of which 1 have directed to be laid before you.

I am happy to inform you, that I have concluded a Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, with the United States of , in which it has been

My Object to remove, as far as possible, all Grounds of Jealously and Mifundcrstanding, and to improve

an Intercourse beneficial to both Countries. — As soon as the Ratifications {Hall have been exchanged, I will direct a Copy of this Treaty to be laid before you, in order that you may consider of the Propriety of making such Provision? as may appear necessary for carrying it into Effect.

I have the greatest Satisfaction in announcing to you the happy Event of the Conclusion of a Treaty for the Marriage of My Son the Prince of Wales with the Princess Caroline, Daughter of the Duke of Brunswick: The constant Proofs of your Affection for My Person and Family persuade Me, that you will participate in the Sentiments I feel on an Occasion so interesting to My Domestic Happiness, and that you will enable Me to make Provision for such an F.fta-blishment, as you may think suitable to the Rank and Dignity of the Heir Apparent to the Crown of these Kingdoms.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Considerations which prove the Necessity of a vigorous Prosecution of the War will, I doubt nor, induce you to make a timely and ample Provision for -the several Branches of the Public Service, the Estimates for which I have directed to be laid before you.

While I regret the Necessity of large additional Burthens on My Subjects, it is a just Consolation and '

Satisfaction to Me to observe the State of our Credit,

Commerce, and Resources, which is the natural Result of the continued Exertions of Industry under the Protection of a free and well regulated Government.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

A just Sense of the Blessings now so long enjoyed by this Country will, I am persuaded, encourage you to make every Effort, which can enable you to transmit those Blessings unimpaired to your Posterity.

I entertain a confideot Hope that, under the Protection of Providence, and with Constancy and Perseverance on Our Part, the Principles of social Order,

Morality, and Religion, will ultimately be successful; and that My faithful People will find their present Exertions and Sacrifices rewarded by the secure and permanent Enjoyment of Tranquillity at Home, and by the Deliverance of Europe from the greatest Danger with which it has been threatened since the Establish-ment of civilized Society.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed, That an humble Address be presenteci to His £d r?‘s on Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this ins S3Peec House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that it is equally cur Duty and our anxious Desire to second His Majesty's Views for the Welfare of His People at this important Crisis by our best Advice and Assistance: That, much as we mull desire the Restoration of Peace on safe and honourable Grounds, we join with His Majesty in thinking that it is only from Firmness and Perseverance that we can hope for the Attainment of that End, and for the Preservation and permanent Security of our dearest Interests; and thac, notwithstanding the Disappointments and Reverses which have been experienced in the Course of the last Campaign, we retain a firm Conviction of the Necetiity of persisting in the vigorous Prosecution of the just and necessary War in which we are engaged:

Thar, from considering the Situation of our Ene-' mies, we are persuaded that the Efforts which have led to their Successes, and the unexampled Means by which those Efforts have been supporced, have produced, amongst themselves, the pernicious Effects which were to be expected from them; and that the

9 Circumstances

35 Geo. III. 30° Decem. 5

Circumstances which have taken place in the Interior of the Country, afford strong Marks of the progressive and rapid Decay of their Resources, and of thelnftability of every Part of that violent and unnatural System, which is equally ruinous to and incompatible

with the Tranquillity of other Nations:

That although a Sense of present Difficulties have led the States General of the United Provinces to enter into Negociations for Peace with the Party now prevailing in France,we are fully sensible how little real Security any established Government or independent State can derive, under the present Circumstances, from the Result of such Negociations; and we are convinced that they could not be attempted, on our Part, without sacrificing both our Honour and Safety to an Enemy whose chief Animofuy is avowedly directed against these Kingdoms:

That we cannot but applaud His Majesty's Determination to use the most effectual Means for the further Augmentation of His Forces, and to omit no Opportunity of concerting the Operations of the next Campaign with such of the Powers of Europe as are impressed with the same Sense of the Necessity of Vigour and Exertion:

That we are persuaded His Majesty may, at all Times, justly rely on the Valour of His Forces by Sea and Land, and on the Affection and Public Spirit of His People, contending for their essential Interests, and deeply sensible of His Majesty's parental Solicitude for their Happiness and Welfare: That we acknowledge His Majesty's Goodness in having directed the Instrument, by which He has accepted the Crown and Sovereignty of to be

laid before us* and we are sensible that the local Importance of that Island, and the spirited Efforts of its Inhabitants, naturally recommended them to His Majesty's Protection:

That we learn, with great Pleasure, that His Majesty has concluded a Treaty with the United States of America, with the View of removing, as far as possible, all Grounds of Jcalously and Misunderstanding, and of improving-an Intercourse beneficial to both Countries; and that we shall be ready, as soon as the Treaty is laid before us, to consider of the necessary Provisions for carrying it into Effect:

That we cannot sufficiently express the Satisfaction which all His Majesty's Subjects must derive from the auspicious Event of the Conclusion of a Treaty for the Marriage of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales with the Princess Caroline, Daughter of the Duke of Brunswick-, and that, participating warmly

in the Sentiments which His Majesty must feel on an Occasion at once so interesting to His domestic Hap-pirtffs, and so important to the Interests of His People, we shall cheerfully proceed to enable His Majesty to make Provision for an Establishment suitable to the Rank and Dignity of the Heir Apparent to the Crown of these Kingdoms:

That the Considerations which prove the Necessity of a vigorous Prosecution of the War, cannot fail to induce us to make a timely and ample Provision for the several Branches of the Public Service; and that, while we feel the painful Necessity of im-pofing additional Burthens on our Constituents, it is a just Consolation and Satisfaction to us to learn, that the State of our Credit, Commerce, and Resources, is such as might naturally be expected to result from the continued Exertions of Industry under the Protection of a free and well regulated Government:

That, entertaining a just Sense of the BlefTings now so long enjoyed by this Country, we feel it incumbent upon us to make every Effort whjjh can enable us to transmit those Bit (Tings unimpaired to our Posterity; and that we cordially join with His Majesty in a confident Hope, thar, under the Protection of Providence, and with Constancy and Perseverance on our Vop. L.

Part, the Principles of social Order, Morality, dnd Religion, will ultimately be successful; and that His Majesty's faithful Subjects will find their present Exertions and Sacrifices rewarded by the secure and permanent Enjoyment of Tranquillity at Hb'me, and by the Deliverance of Europe from the greatest Danger with which it has been threatened since the Establishment of civilized Society;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring after the Word " Assistance,'*. in the Second Paragraph, these Words " To assure His.

" Majesty that we are determined to grant the most " liberal Supplies for the Purpose of enabling His Majesty to act with Vigour and Effect in support- ing the Dignity of His Crown, the internal Security of His Dominions, and the good Faith towards His Majesty's Allies, for which this Country has been so eminently distinguishedj and that, notwithstanding the Disappointments and Reveries of the last Campaign, we are firmly convinced that,

" from the unremitting Exertions of His Majesty,

" and the Spirit and Zeal which have been so gene-: " rally manifested, throughout the Kingdom, by a " People sensible of the Advantages they enjoy under " His Majesty's Government, we may promise our(elves (by the Blessing of Divine Providence) complcte Security from the Attempts of Foreign or Domestic Enemies: That, at the same Time, we beg Leave most humbly to represent to His Majesty that, upon full Consideration of all the Events " and Circumstances of the present War, andoffome " Transactions which have lately passed in,

" and also of the Negociation entered into by the " States General, we think it adviseable and expedient " to endeavour to restore the Blessings of Peace to " His Majesty's Subjects, and to His Allies, upon just and reasonable Terms: But that if, contrary to the ardent Wifbes of His faithful Commons, " such Endeavours on the Part of His Majesty should " be rendered ineffectual, by the Violence or Ambition of the Enemy, we arc persuaded that the Burthens and Evils of a just and necessary War will " be borne with Chearfulncfs by a loyal, affcftionatfc, " and united People;"

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the Words, " and of some Transactions which have lately passed in France

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the said proposed Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being pur. That after the Wofd *r Assistance," in the original Question, the Words, " To assure His Majesty that we are determined to " grant the most liberal Supplies for the Purpose of " enabling His Majesty to act with Vigour and Effect " in supporting the Dignity of His Crown, the in- tcrnal Security of His Dominions, and the good " Faith towards His Majesty's Allies, for which this Country has been so eminently distinguished; and that, notwithstanding the Disappointments and Rc-verses of the last Campaign, we are firmly convinced that, from the unremitting Exertions of His Majesty, and the Spirit and Zeal which have been (( so generally manifested, throughout the Kingdom, " by a People sensible of the Advantages they enjoy " under His Majesty's Government, we may promise ourselves (by the Blessing of Divine Providence) complete Security from the Attempts of Foreign or Domestic Enemies: That, at the same Time, we beg Leave most humbly to represent to His Majesty, that, upon full Consideration of all the " Events and Circumstances of the present War* and u of some Transactions which have lately passed in " France, and also of the Negociation entered into by " the States General, we think it adviseable and ex-

C " pedient

Fcfoliition fcr Addref* on King's Speech

6 30° Decembris. 1794.

" pedient to endeavour to restore the Blessings of convinced that ^>ey could not be attempted, on our Peace to His Majesty s Subjects,-and to His Allies, Part, without sacrificing both our Honour and Safety " upon just and reasonable Terms: But that if, con- to an Enemy whose chief Animosity is avowedly di-«« trary to the ardent Withes of His faithful Com- reded against these Kingdoms:

" mons, such Endeavours on the Part of His Ma- That we cannot but applaud His Majesty's Deterjesty Ihould be rendered ineffectual by the Violence mination to use the most effectual Means for the further ,c or Ambition of the Enemy, we are persuaded that Augmentation of His Forces, and to omit no Oppor-" the Burthens and Evils of a just and necessary War tunity of concerting the Operations of the next Cam- will be borne with Chearfulness by a loyal, affec- paign with such of the Powers of Europe as are imtionate, and united People," be inserted} pheffed with the same Sense of the Necessity of Vigour

The House divided. and Exertion:

The Yeas went forth. That we are persuaded His Majesty may, at all

f Colonel Maitland,1 Times, justly rely on the Valour of His Forces by Mr. WhitbreadJu- > 73. Sea and Land, and on the Affection and Public Spiric

nior: j of His People, contending for their essential Interestsj

{Mr. Serjeant Wat- 1 and deeply sensible of His Majesty's parental Soli-son, 1 > 246. fcitude for their Happiness and Welfare i

Mr. Sumner:J That we acknowledge His Majesty's Goodness in

So it passed in the Negative. having directed the instrument, by which He has ao-

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to cepted the Crown and Sovereignty of , to be

the Question, by inferring after the Word "AfliftancC," laid before us; and we are sensible that the local Im- , in the Second Paragraph, these Words, "To Hate the portance of that Island, and the spirited Efforts of its " Determination of this House to support His Ma- Inhabitants, naturally recommended them to His Majesty in the Mrafures necessary to maintain the jesty's Protection:

" Honour and Independence of the Crown, and to That we learn, with great Pleasure, that His Ma-" provide for the Defence and Safety of the Nation; jesty has concluded a Treaty with the United States " but, at the same Time, to advise His Majesty to of A, with the View of removing, as far as pof-" take the earliest Means of concluding a Peace with fible, all Grounds of Jealously and Misunderstanding,

the French Nation, on such Terms as it may be rea- and of improving an Intercourse beneficial to both sonable and prudent for us to insist on; that whep- Countries; and that we shall be ready, as soon as the " ever such Terms can be obtained, we trust that no Treaty is laid before us, to consider of the necessary Obstacle to the Acceptance of them will arise from Provisions for carrying it into Effect: u any Considerations respecting the Form or Nature That we cannot sufficiently express the Satisfaction " of the Government which may prevail in France." which all His Majesty's Subjects must derive from tho And the Question being put, That those Words be auspicious Event of the Conclusion of a Treaty for there inferred; the Marriage of His Royal Highness the Prince of

It passed in the Negative^ Wales with the Princess , Daughter of the

Then the main Question being put; Duke and that, participating warmly

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to in the Sentiments which His Majesty must feel on an His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of Oc£afion at once lo interesting to His domestic Hap-this House for His most Gracious Speech from the piness, and so important to the Interests of His Peo-Throne r pie, we shall cheerfully proceed to enable His Ma-

To assure- His Majesty, that it is equally our Duty jesty to make Provision for an Establishment suitable and our anxious Desire to second His Majesty's Views to the Rank and Dignity of the Heir Apparent to for the Welfare of His People at this importantCrifis the Crown of these Kingdoms: by our best Advice and Assistance: That, much as That the Considerations which pfovc the Necessity we must desire the Restoration of Peace on fife and of a vigorous Prosecution of the War, cannot fail to honourable Grounds, we join with His Majesty in induce us to make a timely and ample Provision for thinking that it is only from Firmness and Perfe- the several Branches of the Public Service; and that, verance that we can hope for the Attainment of thac while we feel the painful Necessity of imposing ad-End, and for the Preservation and permanent Secu- ditional Burthens on our Constituents, it is a just jity of our deal eft Interests; and that, notwithstand- Consolation and Satisfaction to us to learn, that the ing the Disappointments and Reveries which have State of our Credit, Commerce, and Relburces, is been experienced in the Cotirfe of the last Campaign, such 4s might naturally be expected to refulc from the we retain a firm Conviction of the Neceftity of per- continued Exertions of Industry under the Protection filling in the vigorous Prosecution of the just and ne- of a free and well regulated Government: cessary War in which we are engaged: That, entertaining a just Sense of the Blessings now

That, from considering the Situation of our Ene- so long enjoyed by this Country, we feel it incum.-mies, we are persuaded that the Efforts which have bent upon us to make every Effort which can enable led to their Successes, and the unexampled Means by us to transmit those Blessings unimpaired to our Pof-which xhofe Efforts have been supported, have pro- terity; and that we cordially join with H:s Majesty duced, amongst themselves, the pernicious Effects in a confident Hope, that, under the Protection of which were to be cxpected from them; and that the Providence, and with Constancy and Perseverance on Circumstances which have taken place in the Interior our Part, the Principles of social Order, Morality, of the Country, afford strong Marks of the progressive and Religion, will ultimately be successful; and thac and rapid Decay of their Resources, and of the In- His Majesty's faithful Subjects will find their prefenc liability of every Part of that violent and unnatural Exertions apd Sacrifices rewarded by the secure and System, which is equally ruinous to France, and in- permanent Enjoyment of Tranquillity at Home, and compatible with the Tranquillity of other Nations: by the Deliverance of Europe from the greatest Danger

That although a Sense of present Difficulties have with which it has been threatened since the Establish-led the States General of the United Provinces to enter ment of civilized Society.

into Negociations for Peace with the Party now pre- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw Committee vailing in France, we are fully sensible how little real up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon w'up'a'u-Security any established Government or independent the said Resolution: dirfi.

State can derive, under the present Circumstances, And a Committee was appointed of Sir from the Refoit of such Negociations; and we are Knatcbhull, Mr. Charles Lon^, Mr. Canning, the Earl

of

35 Geo. III. 30° — 31® Decembris. 7

of Mornington, Mr. Secretary ac War*, SirAlan Gardner,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Howard, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Henry Hobart, the Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Powys, Mr Mr. Sumner,

Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Serjeant Mr, Sir

William Scott, Mr. Pole Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Rose, Mr. Solicitor General; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

King'* Speeefr Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech, referred. to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Lanneeflon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Wr!t* to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ

for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of alias

ceston, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Henry Clinton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath* who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Governor of Gibraltar,

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Four of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

W. ——

Mercurii, 31° die Decembrist,

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1794.

Prayers.

Answer of ‘ *m XR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had K>°Vot^ofd lVl received, from Admiral Lord Hood, the follow-

Thankt. ing Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House,

signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 20th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament:

ViSory, off July 30th, 1794.

Sir,

I have this Day received the very obliging Letter you did me the Honour to write me on the 21ft. of last Month, with Two Resolutions of the House of Commons.

I am most truly sensible. Sir, of the very high and distinguished Honour the House has done me in thinking me deserving of its Thanks; and shall not fail to make known to the several Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, the Second Resolution of the House, expressive of Acknowledgment and Approbation of their spirited and meritorious Exertions.

In doing my utmost upon all Occasions against the Common Enemy, I did no more than I ought*, all I have to boast is being fortunate in the Opportunities I have had of proving my Inclination to discharge my Duty, as a faithful Servant to my King and Country; and that, whenever I have been at the Head of a Squadron of His Majesty's Fleet, I never experienced any other Contention amongst the Admirals, Captains, Officers, and Men, than who should be most forward in fulfilling my Wilhes: This, Sir, I am, and ever shall be proud of; but whilst the Representatives of Great Britain m Parliament are so ready, not only to accept, but distinguishingly reward, honest Endeavours, as substantial Services, the Nation will never Want able and zealous Officers'.

To you, Sir, I feel infinitely indebted for the very polite and obliging Manner in which yot^have conveyed to me a Vote of the House of Commons so highly honourable to me, for which, to the House as

well as to you. Sir,' my Gratitude can ccafe only with my Life.

I have the Honour to be.

With the purest Sentiments of Respect and Esteem,

Sir,

Your most faithful

and obliged humble Servant,

Hood.

The Right Honourable Henry

Addington, Speaker of the

House of Commons.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ulodonWrit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in the room of William Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Bonenbam, in the County of Buckingham.

A Petition of several Freeholders, Copyholders, and Haitefeld, &e. others, of the Parishes of Haitefeld, and Fish- incloswo fen-lake, within the Manor of Haitefeld, in the West *Ion'

Riding of the County of York, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and reatj; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Corpmon Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures. Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the Owners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Intere'fts, it woulc) be an Improvement to their Estates: Arid therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as the House shall think fir.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in R Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Buncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

VA Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Counter'* Execution Two Atfts, made in the Seventh and Thirty- BrWgeand first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for R spetitk>n. repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter s Bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the ' County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing* turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Teddington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said great Road near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Ife worth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and others of the said Trustees, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, by the said firtt-mentioned A«fe authorized to be collected, but find that, from the great Decrease in the Tolls, arising chiefly from the Carriages employed in conveying the Mails being ex- (

empeed from Payment of Toll, and the great Decrease in the Number of Poll: Chaises since the Establishment of Mail Coaches, the increased Price of Ma-7 terials

Hanley Cattle Inclosure Petition.

AHdrfia reported, and agreed to.

8 31 0 Decembns. 794.

terials for amending: the said Road, o,wing to the Gravel Pits near the same being exhausted, and thereby the Carriage of Materials greatly lengthened, and the Necessity of laying on a greater Quantity than formerly, the Gravel that is now to be got being of a much woirfe Quality, the increased Price of Labour, the Hire of Teams, and every other necessary Article, and the high Rate of Interest paid for the Money borrowed, and the Increase of Debt, owing to a Suc-e'eflion of wet Winters, and many other Causes, the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, and the Money now due be repaid, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further Continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, and for granting some additional Toll, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall appear proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. M, Mr. Byng, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition o^ the Right Reverend Father in God Richard by Divine Permiflfion Lord Bishop of Worcester, and the humble Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners and the several other Persons interested therein, and of Public Utility, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosirtg the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. W'tgley> Mr. Edward Foley, and Mr* do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Edward Knotcbbullreported from the Committee,

appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn tip an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great , in Parliament af-

sembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne; To assure Your Majesty, that it is equally our Duty and our anxious Desire to second Your Majesty's Views for the Welfare of Your People, at this important Crisis, by our best Advice and Assistance; that, much as we must desire the Refto-fation of Peace, 6n safe and honourable Grounds, we join with Your Majesty in thinking that it is only from Firmness and Perseverance that we can hope for the Attainment of that End, and for the Preservation and

permanent Security of our dearest Interests; and that, notwithstanding the Disappointments and Reverses which have been experienced in the Course of the last Campaign, we retain firm Conviction of the Necessity of persisting in the vigorous Prosecution of the just and necessary War in which we are engaged; from considering the Situation of our Enemies, we arc persuaded that the Efforts which have led to their Succelfes, and the unexampled Means by which those Efforts have been supported, have produced, among, themselves, the pernicious Effe/ts which were to be expected from them and that the Circumstances which have taken place in the Interior of the Country, afford strong Marks of the progressive and rapid Decay of their Resources, and of the Instability of every Part of that violent and unnatural System, which is equally ruinous to France, and incompatible with the Tranquillity of other Nations.

Although a Sense of present Difficulties has led the Stares General of the United Provinces to enter into Negociations for Peace with the Party now prevailing in France, we are fully sensible how little real Security

any established Government or independent State can derive, under the present Circumstances, from the Re-fult of such Negociations; and we arc convinced thac they could not be attempted, on our Part, without facrtficing both our Honour and Safety to an Ertcmy whose' chief Animosity is avowedly directed against these Kingdoms.

We cannot but applaud Your Majestyks Determination to use the most effectual Means for the further Augmentation of Your Forces, and to omit no Opportunity of concerting the Operations of the next Campaign, with such of the Powers of Europe as are imprelfed with the same Sense of the Necessity of Vigour and Exertion.

We are persuaded Your Majesty may, at all Times, justly rely on the Valour of Your Forces by Sea and Land, and on the Affection and Public Spirit of Your People, contending for their elfential Interests, and deeply sensible of Your Majesty's parental Solicitude for their Happiness and Welfare.

We acknowledge Your Majesty's Goodness in having directed the Instrument by 'which You have accepted the Crown and Sovereignty of Corjica, to be laid before us; and we are sensible that the local Importance of that Island, and the spirited Efforts of its Inhabitants, naturally recommended them to Your Majesty's Protection.

It gives us great Pleasure to learn that Your Majesty has concluded a Treaty with the United States of America, with the View of removing, as far as possible, all Grounds of Jealously and Misunderstanding, and of improving an Intercourse beneficial to both Countries; and we shall be ready, as soon as the Treaty is laid before us, to consider of the necessary Provisions for carrying it into Effect.

We cannot sufficiently express the Satisfaction which all Your Majesty's Subjects must derive from the auf-picious Event of the Condufion of a Treaty for the Marriage of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales with the Princess Caroline, Daughter of the Duke of Brunswick; and that, participating warmly in the Sentiments which Your Majesty must feel on an Occasion not less connected with the Interests of Your People than with the Domestic Happiness of Your Majesty, we shall cheerfully proceed to enable Your Majesty to make Provision for an Establishment fuicable to the Rank and Dignity of the Heir Apparent to the Crown of these Kingdoms.

The Considerations which prove the Necessity of a vigorous Prosecution of the War, cannot fail to induce us to make a timely and ample Provision for the several Branches of the Public Service; and, while we feel the painful Necessity of imposing additional Burthens on our Constituents, it is a just Confolation and

Satisfaction

King'* Spttch to be consider-

d.

Grand Committeft appointed.

Committee cf Privilege* appointed.

35 Geo. III. 310 Decembrist 9

Satisfaction to ns to learn, that the State of our Credit, to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-Commerce, and Resources, is such as might na- cords, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall turally be expefled to result from the continued Ex- come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege ertions of Industry, under the Protection of a free and of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time well regulated Government. the Matter is in Debate.

Entertaining a just Sense of the Blessings now so long enjoyed by this Country, we feel it incumbent OrdThat all Persons, who will question any bthtrbrder* upon us to make every Effort which can enable us to Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, by the transmit those Blessings unimpaired to our Posterity; Renewal of Petitions, which were depending befortf and we cordially join with Your Majesty in a confi- this House at the End of the last Session of Parliament Hope, that, under the Protection of Providence, ment, do question the same within the Time limited and with Constancy and Perseverance on our Part, the for the Forfeiture of the Recognizances, in case such Principles of social Order, Morality, and Religion, Petitions shall not be renewed, as mentioned in art will ultimately be successful j and that Your Majesty's Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign faithful Subjects will find their prfefent Exertions and of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Sacrifices rewarded by the secure and permanent En- " further Regulation of the Trials of controverted joyment of Tranquillity at Home, and by the Deliver- *c Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Par-ance of Europe from the greatest Danger with which " liament;" and that all Persons, who will question it has been threatened since the Establishment of ci- the Judgment of any Select Committee respecting the vilized Society. ' ✓ Right of Election, or of appointing Returning Officers,

The said Address being read a Second Time; by the Renewal of Petitions, which were depending

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the before this House at the End of the last Session of

Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen

Majesty. Days after the Commencement of the present Session

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His of Parliament, according to the Directions of an Act Majesty by the whole House. passed for that Purpose in the Thirty-fourth Year of

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are the Reign of His present Majesty; and that all other of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do Persons, who will question any Returns of Members humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will to serve in Parliament, do question the same within be attended by this House. Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days

next after any new Return shall be brought in; and Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech that all Members, who are returned for Two or more to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Confide- Places, do make their Election by this Day Three ration Tomorrow Morning. Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Reli- Place; and, if any Thing shall come in Question

gion do fit every Tuejdayin the Afternoon, in the touching the Return or Election of any Member, he

House. is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in De-

bate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Griev- Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are deter-. ances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the mined.

House.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Mem-Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the ber to serve in Parliament.

House.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do hath procured himself to be elected or returned a fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House. Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by

Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- will proceed with the utmost Severity against such pointed: Person.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person Rolle, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Grant, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Town- hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of Jhend, Mr. Foley, Captain Berkeley, Colonel Tarleton, his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Corn-General Fitzpatrick, Mr. Attorney General-, Mr. So- mittee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endea-licitor General, Mr. Fox, the Master of the Rolls, voured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing*

Mr. Canning, Mr. Smith, Mr. Plumer, Sir Edward or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a Knatchbull, Mr. Steele, Mr. Serjeant Adair, Mr. Ser- High Crime and Misdemeanot; and this House jeant lVatfon, Wlx. Anjlrutber, Mr Powys, Mr. Secre- will proceed with the utmost Severity against such

tary Dundas, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bel- Offender. grave, Mr. Blackbuhie, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Secretary at

War, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Grey, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person "Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Pitt; and all the Gentlemen hath given false Evidence, in any Cafe, before this of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants in the House, or any Committee thereof, this House will House: And they are to meet upon Monday Seven- proceed with the utmost Severity against such Of- ' night, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in fender.

the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday,

Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Confederation all such Matters as shall or may come Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the the Elettions of Members to serve for the Commons House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are m Parliament.

Vol. L. D Resolved,

io Decem. A. 1704*

Resolved, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and , the Petitioners

do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners co1)e objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members} giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be in formed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole. House, is fitting} and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the to

be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House j and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to' clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from

Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminste; and that he do fee the same put

in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House} and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or lof-ing of Letters directed to Members of this House,

the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post Master General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officier do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undeli. vered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to btf communicated to this Housel

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Tarmouth Bridge through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Tarmouth, to Gorlefton, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied towards repairing the said Road, and for the several other Purposes of the said Act, and the greater Part of the Money so borrowed (till remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the said Road cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money due as aforesaid be paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the said Act for such Time as the House shall think proper.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Townfloend, Mr. Beaufoy, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Bijhampton, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within a the

Yirmouth B Mge and Go'icltan Road Petition*

Bifliamptoa Indolure P*+ tilion.

The Ring ap-

points to he attended by the House,

Motion for a Supply.

To be conH-dered in a Committee.

MorpethWrit.

Time limited for receiving petitions.

55 Geo. III. i* — z° Januarii.

11

Venerisy 2° die Januarii $

Anno 350 Georgii III"' Regis, 1795*

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the King'* Ana House attended His Majesty Yesterday, with Jj££‘° d' their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Anl'wer:

the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which in their present State arc incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing. the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wigley, Mr. Edward , and Mr. Lygon, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy i0 die Januarii;

Gentlemen,

I return you My most cordial Thanks for this loyal and dutiful Address, and for the affedfionate SentL ments which you express on the approaching Marriage of My Son the Prince of Wales./

The Affurancesof your continued and zealous Support in the important Contest in which we are engaged, afford Me the greatest Satisfaction. Yout Firmness and Perseverance, and the Spirit and Exertions of My People, can alone lead to a successful and honourable Termination of the War, and to the firm Establishment of general Tranquillity.

Anno 35° Georgii III. U Regis, 1795. Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, in the room of Francis Gregg, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, DeJ-borough, and Bonenham, in the County of bam.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills after the 6th Day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paltures, and all other the Commonable Lands within the Parish of Flanley Castle, in the County of Horcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

ey Ca Inclosute Bill presented.

Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, accord- Bilbamptori ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the ®‘l*

Open and Common Fields, and all other Common- p able Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of -

ton, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town ^berdwh Council, of the City of Aberdeen, was presented to the Paving, &e» House, and read; Setting forth, That the City of P*1*1'00* Aberdeen has, of late Years, greatly increased in Buildings and Inhabitants, and the Avenues, Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, leading to and within the said City, arc, at present, too narrow, indirect, and incommodious, and are not properly paved, lighted, and cleansed, nor sufficiently supplied with fresh and wholesome Water; and that it would be greatly for the Safety and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said City, and of all Persons resorting to the fame, if the said Avenues, Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, were enlarged and altered, and other new Roads and Avenues, where necessary, more diretft and commodious, made in their Places, and if they were more sufficiently paved, lighted, and cleansed, and better supplied with fresh Water, and if all Encroachments, Annoyances, and Obstructions of every Kind, upon the said Streets, Avenues, Lan s, and other Passages, were removed and prevented, and if all Persons within the said C ity were prohibited from keeping, at any one Time, in their Houses, Shops, or Warehouses, more than a certain Quantity of Gunpowder: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Allardyce, Mr. Fergu/on,

'&C.S

Petition re-(pefting the Kight of Election for Sca-

tOitl.

Petition to vary the Line of the Brauniton and Brentford Canal*

ix i° — y Jan1795.

&e.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of ,in the County of Sussex, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That, upon the 19th Day of March 1792, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir Godfrey IVebfter, Baronet, and John,

Esquire, against the Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seafordi reported to the House, that they had determined, " That the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants,

" Housekeepers of the said Town and Port, paying Scotland Lot, and in such Inhabitants House- keepers only and that the Petitioners are advised, that the said Right of Election, so determined by the said Select Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Town and Port: And therefore, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, praying. That they may be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that same lately made and provided, to oppose the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee have reported as aforesaid, and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of the same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 10th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inferred, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Town and Port of Seaford, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to the

River Thames at or near Brin the County of Middlesex, and they have made a considerable Progress in that Work, bur, if the Canal is made in the Line directed by the said Act, the Petitioners will be obliged to make a Tunnel, of a considerable Length, through certain High Grounds in the County of Hertford; and that, by a Survey lately made, it appears that, if the Line of that Part of the Canal was varied, and made through the Lands, Grounds, and Parks, of Thomas Earl of Clarendon, and Anne Earl

of Effext, and certain other Lands and Grounds in the

Parishes of Abbot's Langley, King's Langley, Wat ford, and Riekmansworth,those High Grounds would be

avoided, and the Tunnel become unnecessary, which would render to the Public a more constanr, speedy, and safe Communication than if the Canal was made

in the Line directed by the said Act:; and fotre other Amendments and Alterations are necessary to be made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Petitioners to make such Variation in the Line of the said Canal as aforesaid, and to make such other Amendments in the said Act, as to the House shall appear necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic-shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Coxe, Mr. Praed,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, now Baron , called

up to the House of Peers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30 dieJanuarit; Anno 35° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

MR. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents respectively, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1794; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year: And also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce upon every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to f. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 10th Day of QRober 1794: And also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and

Scotland,

Committee to consider of the Motion for a Supply*

Petersfield Writ. '

Accounts

presented*

Produce of Customs, Excise, &c.

Customs*

Excise*

35 Geo. III. 3 0 JanuariL 13

Scotland , distinguishing, as fir As possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to£. t,oooo, or more, in the Four Quarters, ending the toth of 1794: And

also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to £. 1, OCX), or more, in the Four Quarters next pre* ceding the 10th Day of Oflob 1794: And also*

An Account of the Total Produce, paid into the Incidents* Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,00c, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 10th Day of ORober >794-

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

The said Acounts are as followeth j

An A C C O M P T of the Total Produce of the Duties of Custorris, Excile, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year, ended the toth Day of October >794; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to One Thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year} viz*.

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1794, as per Accompt (A.) — — — — .

Ditto of the Duties of Excise for One Year, ended Ditto (exdufive of £.586,888, the Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Accompt (B.) — —

Ditto of the Stamp Duties for One‘Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt (C.) —

Ditto of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt (D.) ——

£ * 4,044,923 15

t»54i,965 2 5

1,420,867 11 10

2,368,839 5 ip

i5.376.595 *5 8

Mem*?

In the Sum of £. 2,368,839. 5 s. 10 J d. stated as the Amount of Incidents at the Exchequer, is included £.359,184. 6s, being the Amount of the Imprest and other Monies paid in there within the above Period.

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the ad Day of January 1795, by

George Ro/e.

Vol. L.

E

(A.) An

>4

3° Janua

J. 1795,

(A.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Custoros iA England and Scotland\distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce upon every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £.i,ood, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 10th Day of October 1794.

CHARGE.

SPECIES of GOODS.

to

2

Ashes, Pearl and Pot —

Barilla — — «. —

Brimstone — —

Bridles, undressed — —

Bugle, Great — —

Carpets, Turkey — —

China Ware — —

Copper, Unwro‘ — - —

Cork — — —

Corn, Oats — —

— - Wheat — —

Borax, Refined —

Cassia Lignea — —

Cortex Peru — —

Juniper Berries —

Manna — - —

Oil, Perfumed —

Opium — - —

Quicksilver — —

Rhubarb — —

Saccarum Saturni —

Senna — — -

Succus Liquoritiae —

Dye Stuffs, Smalts —

Elephants Teeth — —

Feathers for Beds — —

Fruit, Lemons and Oranges — *

---- Nuts, final 1 —

Glass Plates — —

Almonds, Jordan —

----- ----- not Jordan —

Cin'namon — —

Cloves — —

Cocoa — —

Coffee — —

Currants — —

Figs — —

Ginger — —

Mace — —

Nutmegs — —

Pepper — —

Pimento — —

Raisins, Denia —

— 1» Lexia — —

Lipari —

----- -- Smyrna —

----- - — Solis — —

Rice — —

Sago — — —

Sugar, Brown —

Tea — —

b

O

o

o

I*

o

Net Prodoce, fabje& to the Payments of Bounties and Management.

962

I to

i3>°78 *7 2

8,524 10 9

5,261 — 1

876 10 2

2,070 13 6 9,865 7 10 1,083 1 11

3»777 *5

7^36 6 8

9»48* 7

4,396 it —

999 19 1

12,351 .6 9

1.047 17 3

881 4 6

1,982 17 5

1.064 8 —

3,666 4 7 2,015 17 — 1,542 1 4

1,612 8 10

7.065 2 3

9,630 12 2

1,264 7 10

7,527. 6 10 9,879 19 2

2,113 3 9

5.807 7 2

2,912

L330

1,328

2,208

1,679

45.851

73.403

1,988

2,223

1,427

1,928 24,671 788 , 10,607 9,672 6,180 18,162 12,643 11,656

2.391

1,448,195

118,699

13 11

12 6

5 9

13 2

— 11 13 6

1 8 12 9 12 4

2 — 17 6

1 6

— 5

— 6

3 3

2 4 1 2

3 8 7 10

l9 5

4 I

SPECIES of GOODS.

Hair, Horse — - —

----- -- Human — —

Hemp, Rough — —

Hides, Indian — —

----- - Losh — —

----- -Ox or Cow — —

Inde, wro1 — — .

Iron, Bar — —

---- Cad — —

Kelp ' _ — —

Cambricks — —

Canvas, Hefiens —

— ----- --- Spruce — .

Dama/k Tab*. Sil*. —

Drilling — —

£ Germany, Narrow —

Russia, Broad, above 22 §

----- - — ----- -- above 31 f

----- ----- ---- above 36

----- Narrow — —

—— To well*, and Napk*.

Manufactured Articles of India Mats, Russia — —

Hats, Chip — —

Oil, Ordinary — —

--- Sallad — —

--- Train — —

Paper, Foolfcap — — -

Pictures — —

o f Callicoes — —

8-a1!) Muffins — —

Ch o ] Nankeens —

O (. Prohibited —

Salt Petre — — .

Seeds, Clover — —

Shells, Mother of Pearl —

Silk, Bengal, Raw — —

China, Raw — —

----- Italian and Turkey, Raw

----- Thrown — __

~ Rear, Black — —

Beaver — __

Calf, Undressed —

----- Tanned — —

Deer, in Hair — —

Kid, Undressed —

Martin — __

Snuff — _ __

Spirits, Brandy — __

CO

3

-X

co

Net Produce, subject to the Payments of Bounties aftd Management.

642 16 — 788 12 — 118,209 4 5 1,562 — 5

.7,600 n 8 1,132 9 2

3,297 14 — 146,284 7 10 1,567 14 7

1,190 19 9

2,430

I9>917

5>°93

1,327

2,176

49.353

21.354 *,7i7 3.997 4,701 1,003

3,373

2,836

4

*7

1

7

18

4

17

12

x9

6

6

11

L353

937

21,473

113,474

11,647

14,3*7

846

4,363

i, S32

100,834

24,854

6,945

93,703

2,016

1,022

1,801

2,604

3,268

3,812

324

868

29,388

3 6

11

10

2

9

2

7

4

6

11

11

5

2,270 3 9

t

13,686 19 8

5,118 19 — 1,612 10 9

9

4

IO

17

17

iS

10

8

1

10 —

16 4

5 7

15 —

4 10

18 10

16 2

6 —

13 6

8 5

1 9

5 6

14 —

15 8

14 2

14 8

Spirits,

Geo. III.

5° JanuariL

15

CHARGE.

SPECIES of GOODS.

Spirits, Geneva , — —

----- -- Rum — —

Srones. Blocks of Marble —

Tar — — —

Thread, Sifters — —

Tobacco — —

Tow — —

Turpentine — — -

Wax, Bees — —

C

o

v> -

O t/i

.s e

o

U

Canary —

French —

Madeira —

Portugal — Rbenish —

Spanish —

Balks — Battens —

Boards, Paling

----- - Scale

Deals —

— Ends — Lathwood — Marts —

Plank, Oak Staves —

Timber, Fir Oak

Users —

W ainfeoat Logs

Yarn, Mohair — —

o

o

o

Net Produce, subject to the Payments of Bounties and Management.

28,4.81 17 1

49,086 19 10 1,434 »9 —

7,387 10 10 1,174 10 1

235,211 6 —

1,259 *9 6

3,068 — 5

3,462 15 11

1,421

10,465

12,082

377/794

3>2!3

75>558

2.227 11,201

1,215 *>223 125,411 3»7i5 3»!°4 3.2° 7 7,056 16,764

54>963

1,051

1,106

3.228

4

9 10 3 2 19 11

5 4

6 2

6

7

9

9

14 8

11 2

18 8

*3 5 13 9

19 9 3 10 1 6

13

5

12

1

6

3

6

1,895 7 11

SPECIES of GOODS.

Allum Coals Indigo Lead

Skins, Beaver Tin —

Other Subsidy Articles

o

Cl.

i a x — — *

CO T3

3 O CO O

O

Coals brought Coastways — Wine brought Coastways to London — —

Stones and Slates brought Coastways — —

Surcharges on sundry small Articles — - —

Interest on Bonds — —

Tobacco condemned or fold for the Duty — —

Duties on Corn — —

Received from the Inspector of Com Returns — —

Duty on Wine, sold by the Excise Duties remitted from the Plantations — - —

Window, or Commutation Duty, by 24 Geo. III. — —

Sundry small Articles, the Duties whereof have not amounted to 1,000 on each —

Net Produce, subject to the Payments of Bounties and Management.

1,204 10 9

98,370 18 10

8,119 8 2

33,697 12 7

3,479 10 6

4,453 18 5

6)64! 7 10

518,239 6 9

970 1 11

6,064 11 7

M79 9

6 I 6

7,587 16 8

23,12 9 12 8

864 10 8

179 13 1

24,507 4 1

229,848 1 8

280,313 , 7,

5,101,206 10 — i

DISCHARGE.

By PAYMENTS out of the NET PRODUCE.

Payments out of the Net Produce.

Payments out of the Net Produce, viz.

Bounties - — —

Re-payments on Over Entries and damaged Goods ——

Charges of Management ——

Money issued out of the Revenues of Scotland, applicable to His Majesty's Civil Government ——

Paid Treasurers of the Counties in Scotland, on Account of Corn Returns — —

Paid into the Exchequer — — — — ' —

566,808 6 6

41,118 8 — £

402,625 4 9

44>929

801 — — 4,044,923 15 6{

5,101,206 10 — £

Inspector Genu Office,

Custom House, London,

Dec' 16 th, 1794. Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and I Exports of G. Britain.

(B.) EXCISE.

( B. )

EXCISAn ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into tho Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every

separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Pour Quarters ending the toth 1794.

OS

D

eg;

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

DUTIES. First Quarter, from 10 Od. 1793, to 5 Jan. 1794. Sceond Quarter, from 5 Jan. *94, to 5 April *94.

Auctions — — 17,440 18,133

Be er — mb — 367,368' 457.781

Bricks and Tiles — — 57.016 *4.567

Candles — — — 38,652 — — 79,992

Coaches built for Sile — — 581 138

Cocoa Nuts and Coffee — 9.049 8,952

Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice — 4.843 9,3

Glass — — — 38.664 — — 37,900

Hides, Skin.sVdlum and Parchm1 5!,428 — 71,462

Hops - *

Malt, perpetual — — I.04,9C7 8,944

Mctheglin or Mead, and Vinegar 2,260 — - — 2,772

Pnper — — . Printed Goods — — 20,025 — r 16,805

4S»<H5? 52,523

60pe — mm rnmm 100,080 — — 92,400 — —

Spirit, j - — r I Foreign — — 106,689 — — 239-778

187,067 — — 2 36,244 —

Starch — — — 20,986 — — 24,904

Sweets — — — - 1,123 730

Tea — _ — 164,747 12 3 J 54,830 19 9I

Tobacco and Snuff — Verjuice is with Cyder and Perry Vinegar is with Mctheglin 75,582 83,001

Wiae — — 00 N b 0 sO 1 1 85,075 —

Wi Auctioneers are with Auctions Coat hmakersarewithCoaches Dealers in Coffee, Chocolate, Sap j 1 386

0 v> Aj and Tea — — Makers and Sellers of Wax and Sperm. Candles, are with Candles 3-243 j 2*74°

Makers of, and Dealers in i

u exciseable Commodities — 27>3So 5*543

RetailcrsofSpiiituousLiquors 150,723 6,098 — —

Ditto of Wine — — 29,568 1,317

m SellersofGold and SilrerPlate Msnuf1* of and Dealers in Tobacco, &c. are with To- 1,965 ' i 1,851

bacon, See. 1 J

British Spirits, 1791 — — 16937 — — 40,117

Foreign D°, 1791 — — j 36,586 — — j 57»=«f

Duties comii.4 j British Spirits — ! 628 — —

22 Fib. 1794 ( Foreign JD° — . ! — 4*275

2$ Mir. 1794 j Bricks — I ! — 1 — *

18 Afril 1794 I Glass — i

Tor.iJ of Duties, excep* Map An»1' ';633;z 12 3ii 1,738,041 19 o\

Ann* Malt, Mum, CyJcr Midi.

V erry — - j 1 3.4,6 j 4 759

Total of Ffrjaud — — I , S -V i ,8 18 12 3! 1 i,;52.«t,o 19 9I

Third Quarter, Fourth Qu.irftT* Total Net Produce of

from 5 Afr, 1794, from 5 July ^794» the Four Quarters.

to 5 July 1794. to 10 Od, 1794-

20,607 — — 24.576 80,756 — —

7*8,557 426,672 — — *^70.378

2,476 42.398 *16,457

67,089 — — 28,826 — — *4.559

j 5S9 535 1,643

| 8,166 - 18,213 — 44,380

5*441 *0,358 21,575

33,982 36,541 *47.087

57,202 65,123 245,215

*5*354 430 IS.804 — —

81,968 — — 378.583 574 4°*

s,oooo — _ 7.653 7.685 — —

1794. *794.

16,378 — 27,080 — — 80,288 — —

25,246 — 58,938 *81,754

86.971 — — 99*3*2 378.763

256,060 — — 53*3* 655,658

82.34* — *34»466 — — 690,118 — —

26,988 — 28,921 101,799

5.405 — 3>ftoi — — 10,8^9 -

163,48810 4i 44,566 4*71633 2 5!

81,936 — 75,042 315,561

55,362 — *07,298 — — 330.644

926 — J3023 — — . 2,864

2, S63 4*98°. *3,831

3,532 5,858 — — 42,295

73 3 2,0; 9 — — 157,638

303 7-0 31,908 — —

,728 2H*3 7,957 _ —

43 953 9,361 110,368 — —

17,203 -M — 25*465 136,564 -

37. .'9 9*439 47.546

16,577 2S>955 46,807 — —

988 25,6^6 — **" 26,634 — _

1,462 ‘ 6*573 8,035

1,914,255 10 4i ‘.791,775 — 7,257,465 2 51

*55-7*8 293.455 — 572,388

'»°>9 973 4i *,o^s,23o — —; 7,829,853 2 5*

An ACCOUNT of the Dutie* of Excise paid into the Exchequer by the Commissioner, of Excise in England, in One Year, between the to Oa. 1793 and 10 Oa. 1794, on the Part of Sett land.

DUTIES. First Quliter, from 10 OS, *9j, to 5 Second Quarter, from $7*ii. *94, to 5 Apr. *94. Third Quirtcr, from $ Apr. '94, to 5 July 1794. Fourth Quarter, from $ July *94, to 10 OS!, 1794* Total Net Produce of the Four Quarters.

Auctions — — 1,000 — 1,000 — — 2,000 — —

B^r — — — 5,000 — — — M_ — 5,000 — —

Bricks and Tiles — — 2,000 — — 1,000 — — 1,000 — — _ 4.OOOO — —

Cindies Cocoa Nuts and Coffee — 1,000 — — _ _ 1,000 — —

Glass — — — — 5,000 — — 2,000 — - 7,000 — —

H'dcs - — — 6,oco — — 6,000 — —

Malt, perpetual — — 12,000 — — 6,000 — — 5,000 — 6,000 — — 29,000

o‘per — 2,000 — — 1,000 — — — 2,000 — — 5,000 —

P.inied Goods — — 7,000 — 6,000 — . — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 25,000 —

Sope — — — 5,000 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 6,000 — — 23,000

Spirit‘ { Foreiga Z 14,000 18,000 — — 27,000 — — 15,000 — — 74,000 —

— 6,000 — — $,060 9 6 24, COO 35,060 9 6

Starch Sweets Tobacco — — 9,000 — — 6,003 — — 9,000 — — 6,000 — — 30,000 — —

Wme ~ — — 5,coo — — — 9,000 — — 6,000 — — 20,000 — —

f Tea — — . — 1,000 — — — 1,000 —

Licences < General — . 1,000 — ' 1.000 — — — 1,000 — 3.000

£ Spirituous Liquor I, OCO 2,000 — — 6,000 — — 3,000 12.000 —

British Spirits, 1791 Foreign D % 1791 — x,oooo — 939 *° _ 1,939 10 6

Malt, 1791 — — — MMM — 500 — — 500

Total of Duties except Malt Am*1 — — 66,000 — 60,000 — — 77,000 81,500 284,500

Ann* Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry — — 6,000 — — I" 4.CC0 — — J 1,000 3,500 14,500

Total oi Si'of/tiuJ — 72,000 — — 64,000 — — 78,000 85,000 — — 299,0c 0

Perpetual j EngLmJ — - ! ,1 7*-57.465 2 5 |

Duties utluiid ~ Total of Perpetual Duties A an ua 1 C Fnglixd — 284 5OO — 572,388 — 7,54*.965 2 5? -

Duties \ SccilauJ — Totul of Annual Duties — Total of Engl.mJ .11 *4»v°° nd Scctimd — 586,838 8,128,853 2 51 r

Excise Office, L'nJon,

12 th NiV, 179*.


U'eib, A-:omp' C:n*.

o

VO

C/«

*7

j 5 Geo. lit; Jamafii.

tc.j

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have . amounted to £. lfioo, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the ioth Day of 0Sober 1794.


Consolidated Duties — — — 779,866 9 *

Insurance — — — - 127,201 2 —

Burials, &c. — — — — 3*825 — t

Hats - — - 4 it

Plate — — — — " 23,148 17 i

Post Horse Duty — — >96*339 18

Medicine - — 12,622 16 t

dame — — - 39,920 11 8

Attornies — — . — — — 26,017 >3 6

Pawnbrokers — — — — 4*57 — it

Gloves — - — — 4.3*4 *8 3

Perfumery - - — 3>676 2 3

Jfudges Duty — t 1 J Am. — . >»558 8 —

Bills — ' — mi* >io»973 7 8

Receipts -4* * — — 43*58* 4 2

Additional Game; 1791 — — 16^91 1 3

Attornies, 1794 — — 9 *>95 9 —

Apprentice Duty — — — — 7.675 7 ii

~ C 1,420,867 it 10

'Stamp Office,

14th October^ 1794*

J. Lloyd, pro Compt*.

Vox.. L. P (D) An

D

cq'

f-H

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

( D )

An ACCOUNT of the Total Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, ihe Duties on which shall have amounted to One Thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the ioth October 1794.

Consolidated Salt —

D* — Letter Money — Letter Money, 1760 —

Seizures — —

First Fruits — —

Tenths — —

Hawkers and Pedlars, 1710 Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1711

D*

1784 —

6 d. Deduction on Pensions, 1721 — — —

ish.D® - - on Salaries, 1758 — — —

Male Servants — - — _ — —

Female D® ——

Four Wheel Carriages — __ — —

Two Wheel D® — — _ — —

Horses ——

Houses and Windows, 1766 ——

Houses, 1779 — — . mm — . — .

Alienation Duty — — — . —

£. 10 per Cent. ——

The Produce of Duties under £. 1,000, within the same Period, amounts to — — — . — —

J. d.

428,987 13 i£

156,000 —

299,000 — —

18,231 9 2*

3.630 — 9i

9*9*8 7 11

2,809 6 4

11,500 — —

14,000 — —

51,342 — —

33.465 — 9

96,137 n ni

4.420 8

162,825 *4 >>{

33,650 15 ni

1,396 6 3i

108,754 6 —

340,511 9 4i

>47*907 >4 3i

2*530 15 4

86,983 5 6

2,014,002 6 9i

2,652 12 7i

2,016,654 19 5‘-;

Money paid by Lieutenant General Christie, Deputy Quarter Matter General in North America, on Balance of his Account from 1757 to 1766 — t-

D® — by Edward Roberts, Esquire, First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, for the Residue of Exchequer Fees for the Consolidated Fund ——

D® — - by Charles Long, Esquire, for Interest on £. 187,000 for Annuities - -

D® — by George Ro/e, Esquire, for Pott Fines from 1775 to 1788 D° — by "James Ballard, Esqu.re, on Account of the

D® by Render Mason, h i quire, Execuror of Render Mason — D® — by James Rufell. Ef j.n.e, on Cajtaii: Rober t BaAccount

D® — by IV" Chamberluyite, Esquire, on Account of Daniel Cha-

mier, deceased ——

D® — by John Fenwick, Esquire, for the Carnarvon Milit:a —

D® — by Claude Scott, on Account of Wheat, &c. fold for Government — — ' — — —

D* — by the East India Company, in Part of an Annual Sum of £. 500,000 ——

D® — by Robert bijfett, Esquire, on Account of the Armament

>7 93 — — " — "

D® — by Fludyer and C®. on Account of Cloathing fold for Government ——

D" — by Abraham Newland, Esquire, being the Surplus after paying off the Principal and Interest upon Exchequer Bills, made forth by virtue of an Act 3 3® tij. Rs. for enabling His Majesty to issue Exchequer Bills —

Impress: Money repaid by Jofette Murray, Executrix of Richard Murray, late Barrack Mailer in Quebec — —

D* ----- - by the Right honourable Welbort Ellis, late

Treasurer of the Navy — — —

I*

I-

Exchequer, the 15th Day of November, 1794.

£>' s> d.

632 16 —

1,368 2 4

8,053

3*592

Hi

5*959

49

9*467

500

13 10

4 H 1 2

8 10 10 4

40,000 — — 250,000 — — 2, OCO ——

8,714 17 11

I3>348

5*4

7*842

352.184

2,016,654

Ex*

Grenville r

2 2i

14 —

15 7i

6 Si

19

2,368,839 5 l°i

30 Januarii. A. 1795*

Accounts pre fcnted.

Addition* to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt — a®d Produce of Duties imposed for def* aying the uicreased Charge occa-Soned by certain Loans,&c.

Mrten

Ms and Outages*

55 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the In-tcreft or Annuities, for, or on Account of any Loan which hath been made, or any Annuities which have been created, subsequent to the passing of an Act, of the Twenty-fevemh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Du-u ties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties " in Lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Pub- lie Revenue; for permitting the Importation of «f certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produceor Manufacture of the Dominions of

" the French King, into this Kingdom } and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the " Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives " to the Reduction of the National Debt And an Account of the Produce of the Duties imposed for the Purpose of defray ing the increased Charge occasioned by Loans made, and Annp'ities granted, in pursuance of the following Acts j viz. an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ,c An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of * Annuities," and of One other Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a " certain Sum by Way of Annuities to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship in ClaflTes," for One Year, from the ioth Day of 1793 to the

joth Day of ORober 1794; and of the Duties granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thircy-firlt Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, which were appropriated to the Payment of Principal and Interest of Exchequer Bills, made out pursuant to an Act of the same Session, Part of which Duties were to cease at the Times in the said Acts mentioned, and by an Act of the Thirty-third Year of His said Majesty's Reign made perpetual, and appropriated for the Payment of the Annuities created by the said last mentioned Act, and of the Hundredth Part of the Capital of the said Annuities, pursuant «o an Act 3a Geo. III. Cap. 55. towards the Reduction of the National Debt; and of certain Duties which were granted and that were made perpetual , by sundry Acts of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, which were appropriated to the Payment of sundry Annuities granted by an Act Cap. i. of the same Session of Parliament; and of the One hundredth Part of the Capitals of the said Annuities; and also for Payment of certain Annuities granted in the same Session in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up and cancelled, together with One hun-dreth Part of the Capital of the said Annuities granted by the Two last mentioned Acts in pursuance of the Act of the Thirty-second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, Cap. 55. to be applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt: And also,

N° 1. An Account of the Net Produce of the additional Duties on Horses and Carriages, granted from the 5th Day of July 1789; and also, an Account of

19

the Net Income of the Tax of Ten charged upon the assessed Taxes, by an Act of 31 Geo. 111. for One Year, from the ioth Day of ORober 1793 to the iorh Day of ORober 1794: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Produce of the additional Duties, 1789, on Newspapers, Advertisements, Cards, Dice, Legacies, and Probates of Wills, from the ioth Day of ORober 1793 to the ioth Day of ORober 1794: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on British Spirits, and on Foreign Spirirs, granted Anno 1791, from the ioth Day of ORober 1793 to the ioth Day of ORober 1794: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Sugar, granted by an Act of 31 Geo. III. for One Year, from the ioch Day of ORober 1793 to the loth Day of ORober 1794: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Net Produce of the Duty On additional Game Certificates, 1791, from the ioth Day of ORober 1793 to the ioth Day of ORober 1794: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Bills and Receipts, 1791, from the ioth Day of ORober 1793 to the ioth Day of ORober 1794: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on British Spirits, and oil Foreign Spirits, granted Anno 1794, from the Commencement of the same to the 10th Day of ORober 1794: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Net Produce of the Stamp Duty on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, 1794, from the Cortim^nCem.ent to the ioth Day of ORober 1794: And also,

N*' 9 and 10 Accounts of the Net Produce of thfc additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles, granted by an Act 34 Gio. III. from the 28th Day of March 1794 (the Commencement of the fame) to the ioth Day of ORober 1794: And also,

N0* 11 and 12. Accounts of the Net Produce of the Duty on Paper, granted by an Act 34 Geo. Ill, from the 5th Day of April 1794 (the Commencement of the fame) to the ioth Day of ORober 1794.: And also,

N° 13. An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Glass, granted from the 17th Day of April 1794 (the Commencement of the fame) to the ioth Day of ORober 1794: And also,

N° 14. An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Slates, Stories, and' Marble, granted by an Act 34 Geo. JIL from the 5th Day of July 1794 (the Commencement of the fame) to the ioth Day of ORober 1794: And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and Licences granted to Distillers, in Scotland,made perpetual by an Act 33 Geo. III. from the 5 th Day of April 1794 to the ioth Day of ORober 1794.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The last Fifteen of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the First of the said Accounts is as followeth; viz.

30 Janmrii.

An

NewfysptrS Cards, Dite, 6cq.

Spirit.

Sugar*

Gime Cirnfi-cates.

Bills aftd Re*

ceipts.

Spirits.

Solicitof-s artd Attornies.

Bricks Sind TileS.

Taper.

Glafts

Slate, Store, and Marble.

Scotch Distill lers.

16

januarii.

A. 1795.

An ACCOMPT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Interest or Annuities for, or on Account of, any Loan, which hath been made, or any Annuities which have been created, subsequent to the patting of an Act, of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties Customs and Excise, and granting " other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing " the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the " Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for *' applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, " to the Reduction of the National Debt."

By virtue of an Act 29 Geo. III.' the Sum of A* 187,000 was raised by Annuities, after the Rate of £.7. gs. 9 d. per Centum per Annum,fur the Term of 18 Years and

3 Quarters, from the 5th Day of April 1789, and then to cease; which Annuities were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of the 18th and 19th Years of the Reign of His A* s'

present Majesty, payable Half Yearly at the Bank of , and charged upon

the Consolidated bund: The Annual Amount whereof, with the Charges of Management for the fame, is — — — . — 14,159 2 *0

By virtue of another Act of the same Settion, the Sum of £. 1,002,500, was directed to be raised by Annuities, with the Benefit of Survivorship, distributed into Classes, and to be paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund (but by certain Person or Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments, a Defic iency was occasioned, whereby the Sum on which the Annuities were granted, amounted to the Sum of £. 1,002,099) Part of which said Annuities, by an Act of the 30th Year of His said Majesty's Reign, were converted into Annuities for a certain Term of 69 Years and One Quarter, from the 10th of October 1790, and were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of Parliament of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, payable at the Bank of England , viz.

The Charge for the Annuities on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, .

for One Year, from the 10th of October 1793 to the 10th of ** S'

1794 - 42,862 1 —

thereof has been reserved at the.Exchequer for the Use of the Publ ic, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Quarter ended the 5th July 1794 — ' — — — £. 12,288 2 n|

Reserved at the Exchequer, to be carried to the said Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th of

January 1795 — — - — 12,254 11 8f

----- ----- ----- -24,542 14 8

Whereby the Charge to the Public will be reduced to — 18,319 6 4

The Charge for Annuities (and Management) payable at the Bank of England, for the Annuities to continue 69 Years and One

Quarter, for One Year due the 10th of October 1794 — — — _ 24,639 7 2

The Charge incurred by Geo. Attvooood, Esquire,

Inspector of the Tontine Certificates, to defray the Expences attending the Execution of the above-mentioned Acts of Parliament — 970 — —

The Charge for the Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the Peils, for their Service in executing the said Acts, for One Year, ended 10th October 1794 - - 880 — —

To the Ulher of the Exchequer, for Neceflarics

furnished the Office for paying these Annuities 612 15 5!

27,102 2 7f

By virtue of an Act 33 Geo. III. the Sum of £.4,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1793, the Contributors whereof were entitled for every £.72 paid to £.100 Capiral Stock, amounting to £.6,250,000, which was directed to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the 25th, 28th, 29th, jad, and 33d Years of his late Majesty's

Reign,

45,421 t u|

jj Geo. Ill*

21

3° Januarii.

Reign, and several subsequent Acts, and ft> commence from the £.

5th Day of January 1793, for One Year's Annuity and Management - 190,31a 10 —

And, pursuant to a Clause in an Act 3a GeoIII. Cap. 55. directing the One hundredth Part of any Loan made upon the Terms therein mentioned, there hath been set apart at the Exchequer, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1794, to be applied by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt — 62,500 — —

By virtue of an Act 34 Geo. III. the Sum of £. 11,000,000 was bor^ rowed for the Service of the Year 1794, upon the following Terms j viz.

The Contributors to be entitled, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, to £. 100 Capital, at £. 3 per Cent, to commence from the 5th of January 1794, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, consolidated by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. III. and several subsequent Acts, which for Six Months, due 5 July I794i amounts to . — —

And to an additional Capital of £. 25 at £.4 per Annum, to commence from the 10th of October 1793, making a Capital Stock of £. 2,750,000, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the Capital Stock of £.4 perCent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of the 21st and 22d If ears of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, which for One Year, ended the 10th of October 1794, amounts to c ——

And also to an Annuity of 11 s.5 d.per Cent, on the said £. 1 1,000,000, to commence from the said 10th of 1793, to continue for the Term of 66 Years and Three Months, and to bedded to the Joint Stock of Annuities, which, by Two Acts of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were granted for 99 and 98 Years, from the 5th of January 1761 and 5th January 1761 respectively, and then to ceafej which Annuity, for One Year, due the 10th October 1794, amounts to — —

In pursuance of the above-mentioned Act of the J2d Geo. III. directing the One hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created after passing the said Act, there hath been set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said £. 11,000,000 in £. 3 per Centi Annuities, and issued to the Bank of England, to be carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, for Two Quarters, ended the 10th October 1794 — —

And, in respect of the Capital of £. 2,750,000, in £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, created by the said Act of the 34th Geo. III. for the same Two Quaners - — .

And, in respect of the future actual Value of the Annuities granted for 66 Years and Three Months, at the End of 45 Years, for the same Time ——

s. d.

165,000 —

110,000 — —

62,791 13 4

55,000 — — 13*750 ——

4,840 —

4">381 *3 4

By Two Acts 34 Geo. III. for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills, &c. such Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills as were made out on or before the 31st March 1793, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled, were to be entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to a Capital of £. 101 in Annuities at 5 per Cent, per Ann. to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain 5 per Cent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of the 24th and 25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to commence from 5th January 1794, whereby an Addition was made to the said Capital Stock of 5 per Cent. Annuities, granted by the said Acts of the 24th and 25th Geo. III. of £.1,926,523. 12J. 5 d.the Annuity payable for the fame, for the Six Months, ended 5th July, was — — — £.48,163 2 9$

And pursuant to the aforesaid Act of the 32d Geo.

III. there was set apart at the Exchequer, and issued to the Bank of England, to be carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, in respect of the said £.1,926,523. la s.5 d.for the Quarter ended the 10th of October 1794 * — — 4,816 6 3

— ----- ----- - 52>97 9 9 — *

Vol.L.

G

152,812 10 —

464,361 2 4$

776,754 4 a

By

'y

11

3° Januariu

A. 1795.

By certain Acts of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, sundry Duties were granted, which, from the 5th Day of /ifril 179a (after deducing £. 32,150, out of the Produce in each Quarter of the Stamp Duties on Bills and Receipts) were appropriated to pay off 1,833,000 ip Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act of the fame.Session, for defraying the Public Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty's Forces in the Year 1790, for which Purpose there has been applied to pay Principal and Interest, to the 10th of

*794

1,476,618 6 8

(Whereof £.419,445. 6 s. 8 d.hath been paid between the 10th of 1793

and the said 10th of October 1794.)

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Duties imposed for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by Loans made, and Annuities granted, in pursuance of the following Acts j viz. An Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities j" and of One other Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum by Way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes," for One Year, from the 10th Day of October 1793 to the 10th Day of October 1794; and of the Duties granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, which were appropriated to the Payment of Principal and Interest of Exchequer Bills, made out pursuant to an Act of the same Session, Part of which Duties were to cease at the Times in the said Acts (mentioned; and by an Act of the Thirty-third Year of His said Majesty's Reign made perpetual, and appropriated for the Payment of the Annuities created by the said last mentioned Aftj and of the One hundredth Part of the Capital of the said Annuities, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. Cap. 55. towards the Reduction of the National Debt: And of certain Duties which were granted, and that were made perpetual by sundry Acts of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, which were appropriated to the Payment of sundry Annuities, granted by an Act, Cap. of the same Session of Parliament; and of the One hundredth Part of the Capitals of the said Annuities; and also for Payment of certain Annuities, granted in the same Session, in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills delivered up and cancelled, together with One hundredth Part of the Capital of the said Annuities, granted by the Two last mentioned Acts, in pursuance of the Act of the Thirty-second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, Cap. 55. to be applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt.

The Produce of the additional Duties on Horses, granted from the 5th Day of July 1789, for One Year, from the 10th Day of 1793 to the 10th Day of October

The Produce of the additional Duties on Carriages, granted from the said 5th Day of July 1789, for the same Time — — — — —

The Produce of the additional Duty on Newspapers, granted from the 1 ft Day of August 1789, for the same Time — D° — of the additional Duties on Advertisements —

D* — of the additional Duties on Cards — —

D* — of the additional Duties on Dice — —

D* — of the Duties on Legacies or Shares of Personal Estates

D* — of the Duties on Probates of Wills —

£ d. 41,690 12 4 10,702 2 — 6,796 4 --

326 2 6 6>936 "* — 32,604 ——

The Produce of the following Duties, granted by the Acts of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from the 10th Day of October 1793 to the lotfi Day of October 1794; viz.

The Produce of the Duty on British Spirits — - —

D* — of the Duties on Foreign Spirits — — -

D* — of the Duties on Sugar — — —

D* — of the Duties ojn Certificates issued with respect to killing Game — — —

D* — of the Duties on Bills and Receipts, after deducting £. 128,600 carried to the Consolidated Fund — D* — of the Tax of 10 per Centon alfdfed Taxes — Arrears of the Duty on Malt, A 1791 ——

s.

110,368 — —

136,564 ——

277,244 1 2

16,991 1 3

25,954 11 10 86,983 5 6

500 ——

£.

17,352 14 10

*7»455 7

34,808 2 4f

99,055 — 10

i33>863 3

654,604 19 9 The

35 Geo. III.

3° Januarii.

The Produce of the following Duties, granted or continued by sundry Acts of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, toward* defraying the increased Charge by Annuities, &c. established by the Acts 34 Ill, to 10th 1794 j viz.

The Produce of the Duties on British Spirits, granted from the 21st February 1794 ——

of the Duties on Foreign Spirits, granted from D* of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors -and Attornies, granted from the 5th February 1794 ——

of the additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles, granted from a8th March 1794 — — —

of the Duty on Paper, granted from 5th April 1794, after reserving £. 18,750 in each Quarter, to be set apart at the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund — — —

of the additional Duties on Glass; granted from the 17th April 1794 ——

of the Duties on Slate, Stone, and Marblei granted from the 5th Day of July 1794 — —

of the Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and Licences granted to Distillers in , after deducing

£. 18,000 for Two Quarters, from the 5th April to the 10th ORober 1794 — * — — -

D»

D#

D* —

D° —

D* —

D° —

D* —

£. s. d.

47»546 ——

46,807 ——

9*95 9 —

26,675 1 3

6,792 10 8 8,035 ——

6,064 11 7

24,000 — —

175,115 12 6

963.583 *5 Si

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, January 1795, by

George Rose.

Report from Committee on the Motion for m Supply.

Committee of Supply ap» pointed.

Estimatei, &c. ordered.

Ordinary of Navy.

Entra Navy.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof the Motion made upon last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House , which he read in his Place $ and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty,

The said Resolution being read a Second Time j Resolved,- Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, to 'consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1795, whh an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines, as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed

to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1795, belaid before this.House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1795, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1795, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1795, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea llojpital, for the Year 1795, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Monies, given for the Service of the Year 1794, have been disposed of} distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st Day of December 1794'.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be gracidufly pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to

4 Hi*

Guards and Garrisons.

Ordnance.

Reduced

Officers.

Chelsea Out Pensioners*

Service* incur* red and not provided for.

Disposition of Grants.

Navy Dtbt.

Account* Exchequer Bills ordered*

14 3° Januarii. 1795.

His Majesty by such Members of this House as The House being informed, that Mr. from Accounts of

are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Exchequer Council. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Blll*Presente *

to their Orders,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills,

Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Sef-out by virtue of an Act, passed in the lift Session fion of Parliament, intituled, «« An Act for raising a of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a cer- certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills,

" tain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the If ear One thousand Seven *« for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-four: Andalfo,'

*c hundred and Ninety-four." An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the lad Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of " a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand of Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for ,c Seven hundred and Ninety-fourAnd also,

" the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun- An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills,

'* dred and Ninety-four." made forth in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for ena-Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made *£ bling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of u Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His " Purposes therein mentioned."

£t Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hun- And then he withdrew.

" dred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

therein mentioned." The said Accounts are as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Two Millions.

Exchequer, the 3d Day of January 1795.

James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 3d Day of January 1795.

James Fisher.

To

3 6 — -5° J

35 Geo. Ill;

*5

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Arriount of the Exchequer Bills, made forth in pgrfuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, iijtiuHed,.. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions " Five hundred Thousand Pounds, ifor the Uses and rurposes therein mentioned."

The Exchequer Bills pude forth in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum Of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pbunds'.

Exchequer, the $d Day of January 1795.

James

l ' t r r # ... t ,.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning; Ten of the Clock.

Lurtce, 5° die;

Anno 35° Georgii III. H Regis 1795; Prayers.

An r«er io T ORD Viscount Parker reported to the HoOfe, That

A<Wrest* 1 j their Address of Saturday last (that His Majesty

would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper'Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His- Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House* that He will give Directions accordingly.

Worcester A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, whose

Avenue P«ti- Barnes are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, fof enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads leading into and near the City of and for

widening and rendering more commodious the Entrance into the said City from the London and Upon Gates; and that the Trustees have found that a safe and commodious Entrance from the said Gates into . the said City cannot be accomplished without opening a new Line of Road or Avenue from Stdbury Street, in the Parish of Saint Michael, in in the County of Worcester, to communicate with the High Street, in the said City, which would be a great Benefit and Safety to Travellers, and to all Persons residing in and resorting to the said City: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for opening such new Road or Avenue as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and ih such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition-be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. L.

And it is referred to Mr. W, Mr- Edward Foley', &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock; in the Speaker^ Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are North Pether. thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and J^d^iofure read; Setting forth. That there is a certain Moor or Petition. Common called North Moor, containing, by Estima-tion, about 4,400 Acres, situate and lying in the Parish of North Petherton, in the County of Somer/etp 3,nd there are also, within the said Parish, certain Commons or Waste Lands called King's Clift and Petherton Heathfield, and several other Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, containing together, by Estima-tion; about 400 Acres; and that the Petitioners and others have Rights of Common upon the said Moor,

Commons, and Waste Lands, and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested therein to have the same properly divided, drained, and in-doled, and specific Parts thereof allotted amongst the ievetal Proprietors, according to their respective Estates, Rights; and Interests: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, draining, and inclosing, the said Moor, Commons, and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Popham, Sir John Trevelyan, and Mr. Hippifiey Coxe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, Thai the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. SuPP'y. to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Account of Exchequer Bills; made out by virtue of an Act, passed ®iii» refiMrwj in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One *c thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, *c An Act:

" fop raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One

H " thousand

5° — 6° JanuariL 1 1795.

€t thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made forth in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of " Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for " the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr Hobartalfo acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

House to b« Ordered, That this House be called over upon To-

cajicd orer. morrow Fortnight, the aoth Day of this Instant

January.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then at- tend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Account of A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-»^the*KUig^of P°fed> That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Prussia, order- count of the Monies issued to, and received by, the ed‘ King of Prussia, and at what Times, in pursuance of

the Treaty concluded at the Hague in 1794;

together with an Account of the Number of Troops which have been employed in concert with His Majesty's Troops, in pursuance of the said Treaty;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " together with an Account of the Number of Troops which have been employed in concert with His Majesty's " Troops, in pursuance of the said Treaty."

And the Question being pur. That the Words proposed to be less out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Jekyll, ~j

Tellers for the Yeas, < Mr. Michael Angelo > 33.

J

{Mr. Edward James 1

Eliot, > 110.

Mr. Adams: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies issued to, and received by, the King of Prussia, and at what Times, in pursuance of the Treaty concluded at the Hague in April 1794.

Motion for B«il to iepc.il Act of lift Srfflon for Ivcut* injj ftifpecied Peribns;

Ntg.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall lulpeft are conspiring "against His Person and Gov< rnmenc," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J J}r. J 4t.

Tellers for the Noes, Mui85-

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Three of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning Eleven of the Clock.

» - 'i'

Martts, 6° die Januarii;

Anno 350 Georgii IIIm Regis, 1795.

.Prayers, . \ »

MR Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to in the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Jacob Preston being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the fu'd Act, and have borrowed aconsiderable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, the greater Part of which still remains due — That the Term of the Act is near expiring, and the Road cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money due be repaid, unless the Term of the Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, of the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston,

in the County of Suffolk: And that Mr. Charles Townshend and Mr. Beaufoy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Wigley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Allardyce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Aberdeen, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Bills for Paving, and making aqueducts, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and Jiad directed him to report the fame, as it-appeared to

than.

tTarmouth

Bridge and Gorlefton Head PtiitioA Reported*

Bi shampton Inclosiwe bill committed.

Aberdeen Paving, &c. Petition reported.

35 Geo. III. 6° Januarii. 27

Accounts

relented.

Prohibited East India Goods,

S)\

D°.

D°.

Do.

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

A Member present informed your Committee, That the City of Aberdeen has of late Years greatly increased in Buildings and Inhabitants; that the Avenues, Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages leading to, and within the said City, are at present too narrow, indirect, and incommodious; and are not properly paved, lighted, and cleansed, nor sufficiently supplied with fresh and wholesome Water — That it would be greatly for the Safety and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said City, and of all Persons resorting to the fame, if the said Avenues, Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, were enlarged and altered, and other new Roads and Avenues, where necessary, more direct and com'modious, made in their Places; and that they were more sufficiently paved, lighted, and cleansed, and better supplied with fresh Water; and all Encroachments, Annoyances, and Obstructions of every Kind upon the said Streets, Avenues, Lanes, and other Passages, were removed and prevented; and that all Persons whatsoever within the said City were prohibited from keeping at any one Time in their Houses, Shops, or Warehouses, more than a certain Quantity of Gunpowder.

Thomas Longlands, Esquire, confirmed the above

Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading *o and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water, and for the removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof: And that Mr. Allardyce, Mr. and Mr. Serjeant

Wation, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door, they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported and brought to Account in Saint Helen's, and Private Trade Warehouses, and the Coast Ware-house, and Private Trade Warehouses in Hew Street, BishopgateStreet, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1793 to Michaelmas 1794, what delivered out of the said. Warehouses for Exportation during that Period, and what remained at Michaelmas 1794: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into the Bengal Warehouses in Leadenhall Street, and New Street, Bijleopgate Street, in the Port

of London, from Michaelmas 1793 to Michaelmas 1794, also what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1794: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1793, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1794: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1793, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1794: And also,

IS® 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen's, Leadenhall, Private Trade, New Street,

in Bishopgate Street, and the Custom House, in the Porto! London, since Michaelmas 1793, in order to be

dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have been since returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1794:

And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Naval Stores Russia into the Port of London,from Michaelmas 1793 ,fromltu<lia* to Michaelmas 1794: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from d°.

Ruftia into the Ports of England) commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 17 93 to Michaelmas 1794: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which Whale Ships, have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas; distinguishing their Names, Tonnage, Ports from whence they were fitted out. Ports where discharged, and also the Quantity of Blubber imported in each Ship, in the Year 1794.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts arc preserved amongst the-other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to MiJhurst the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wrlt* the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Honourable Charles Wil-

liam Wyndham, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejborough, and Bonenbam, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Litchfield the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new. Writ, for Wnt* the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfield, in the room of Thomas Gilbert, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, j>or paying off That the Sum of Two Millions be granted to His Exchequer Majesty, for paying eff and discharging the Exchequer Bilis, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising " a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-four," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, p0<j That the Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money,

" by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyfour," and charged upon the fi; ft Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d.

That the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, in-2 tituled,

Committee of Way* and Means ap« pointed.

Accooht of Bills of Exchange accepted and paid at the Bank, prefeoted.

Weflburr

Writ.

Varmooth Bridge and GorleftonRoad Bill presented*

Upton Inclosure Petition*

48 6° — 70 Januarit. A. 1705.

tituled, ,f An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise " the 9um of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand

Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put,thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will* Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways arid Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-rhorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 70 die Januarii;

Anno 35° Georgii III'" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr.

(from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) attended at the Door, he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction, or on the Account of, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, made payable, and paid, at the Bank of ,from the 31st

Day of December 1793, exclusive, to the 31st Day of Dfeembtr 1794, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Ewan Law, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, , and

bam, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Charles <Townshend'\)rzientt& to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act of the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to GorleJUn, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition.of several of the Land Owners and P$r-fons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, within the said Parish, which said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated so that the same are incapable of anyconfi-derable Improvement; but if the fame, together with the said Commons and Waste Grounds, were divided.

allotted, and inclosed, amongst the said Proprietors, according to their respective Interests, it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid^ under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That I eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Picrrepcnt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, arid bring

in, the fame.

Mr. IVigleyreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of federal Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads leading into and near the City of -cefier, and for repairing certain other Roads thereia mentioned, was read; whereby certain Powers are given for improving the Entrance into the City of Worcester,from the London and Upton Roads: And,

Mr. Ybcmas Bird being examined, said, That in

order to improve the said Entrance into the City of Worcester, in pursuance of the said Act, the Trustees have begun to open and make a new Road or Avenue from the present Entrance into the said City in Sidbury Street, through the College Yard, in the Parish of Saint Michael in Bedwardine, in the County of Worcester, to communicate with the High Street in the said City; and that the completing such new Road or Avepue will render the Entrance into the said City from the London and Upton Gates safe and commodious. — But that the Money, arising by virtue of the said Act for defraying the Expence thereof, is greatly insufficient for that Purpose.

And he added, that a safe and commodious Entrance into the said City, from the said and Upton

Roads, cannot be made otherwise than by opening the said new Road or Avenue.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render effectual so much of an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to improving the Entrance into the City of WorceJltr from the London and Uplon Roads: And that Mr. IVigley, Mr. Edward Foley, and Mr. Lecbmere, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Return of such Foreign Troops as are actually in British Pay.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of such of the Troops of the Elector of Hanover, of the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel, of the Margrave of Baden, and of the Landgrave of llejfe

Jladt, as have been killed, or have died, in British Pay, since the Commencement of our Treaties with those respective Powers.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, § an

Worcester Avenue Pct5* lion reported.

Address for Return of Fo* reig.i Troop* in Britishi Pay.

Address for Account of such Hanoverian, Iidlian, &c. Troops as have bem killed, or have died, in British Pay.

Address far Account of British Tioops loft, ki'ied,«5cc. in the last Campaign.

35 Geo. III.

8° Januarii.

19

Motion for Address for Papers relative to Co operation of Prussian Troops, with* drawn*

Addrtfs for Account of Prussian Troops employed in pur-fuatice of the Trea:y in April J 7 94-

jCommittet cf Supply.

atv Account of Men loft, killed, wounded, milling, and Prisoners, of the British Troops, since the last Campaign, distingniftiing each Cprps and Service.

Ordered, That the said Addreltes be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro* poled, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there belaid before chis House, Copies of such Official Papers, Correspondence, or Extracts thereof, as are relative to any actual Co-operation of his Prufftan Majesty's Troops with those of Great Britain, in pursuance of the Treaty signed at the Hague in April 1794.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Troops employed by the King of Prussia,in pursuance of the Trea'y signed at the Hague in April 1794., as far as the same can be ascertained.

Oidered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Orde^, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will> upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved* amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee of Ways and Meant*

Account of Money Mined xo the ivin^ of Prussia, pre-lcnitd.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to teveral Refoluiions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, Thac this House will, upon Friday Morning next, icfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies issued to, and received by, the King of Prussia, and at what Times, in pursuance of the Treaty concluded at the Hague in Afril 179

Yol. L.

yovts, 8° die ^anuar;

Anno 35* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Noblemen, and EroBrinkand the humble Petition of the several other Per-fins, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Be- tion.11*8' half of themselves and others, incerested in the Navigation of the River Ouze,to and from the Town of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and aUb, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes or Town-ships of Colne, Stimersham, V/arboysWiftow, Berry,

Ramsey with Higney, Pidley and Fenton, and

Earith, Saint Ives, Houghton and Oldhurst,

Woodhurst, Broughton, Little Ra with

Great Ravely, Standground, FarcetYaxley,

Caldicot, Denton, Glatton, Holme,

All Saints, SawtreySaint Judith and Saint Andrew,

Woo din alt on, Hadden, Waterr.eivton, Stibbington with Sibfon, Woodftone, and Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon -, Ifleham, Fordham, Swafham Prior with Reach,

Swaffham Biilbeck, Bur well with ReWickin, Sobam,

Bar way, Bottifham, Qui, Dilton, Horning fey. Water-beach, Landbeach, Cottenham, R Willingham,

Over, and Swacey, in the County of Cambridge-,

Brandon, Wang ford, Lakenheath, and Mildenhall, in the County of Suffolk-, WiggenhallSaint Mary, Wiggenhall Saint German, Wiggenhall Saint Peter, Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, West Lynn, Clenchwarton,

Perrington Saint Clement, Perrington Saint John, Walpole Saint Peter, Walpole Saint Andrew, West Walton, fcken, Emneth, Lilney All Saints, Pitney Saint Lawrence,

Pilney cum Islington, South Lynn, North Runfton, Hardwick arul Setcby, Wormegay, P

Run cion Holme, Pbcrpland, Stow,

Downham Market, Rox'bam, Denver, Fordham, Hilgay,

Southery, Fell well Saint Mary, Felt-well Saint,

Hockwold, Wilton, Methwold, Northwold,

Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Werebam, West Dereham, Outwell,

Upwell, and Welney,in the County of Norfolk; Elm,

O.twell, Upwell, Welney, Maney, Stuntney, Ely Prinity,

Ely Saint Mary, Churcham otherwise Chettisham,

tleport, Stretham, Phetford, Downham, Coveney, Witch-

ford. Witch am. Wing ford or Wentworth, Wilbur ton,

Haeidenbam, Mepal, Sutton, March, Doddington with

Wimblington, Benwick, Chatteris, Saint Mary,

Whitlefea Saint Andrew, and Wisbech, within the Isle of Ely, and in certain Extra-parochial Places adjoining, or lying near to, the aforesaid Parishes or Townships, or some or one of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, is the great Outfall for the Waters from the Middle and South Levels of the Fens, the Country of Marftoland, and divers other Lands which drain to Sea thereby, through the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk, and that Part of the said River Ouze, between Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn aforesaid, is in a State very insufficient for the Purposes of a complete

I Drainagt

jo 8 ° JA. 1795.

Drainage and safe Navigation, occasioned principally severally, immediately under the Crown, was preferred by the Channel or Bed of the said River being too to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an wide, and bending very considerably between the said Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the First Place called Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn Session of the Second Parliament of King Charles the aforesaid, by reason whereof the Drainage of large Second, intituled, " Act for Annexation of Orkney and Tracts of Land, lying in the said Parishes or Town- " Zetland to the Crown," the Ides of Orkney (com-Ihips, is greatly impeded, and the Trade and Navi- prehending the Territory khown before by the De-gation to and from the Port of King's Lynn are ma- scription of The Sheriffdom and Earldom of; terially injured; and that, in order effectually to im7 and the Isles of Zetland, comprehending the Territory prove and assist the Drainage of the said Lands; and known before by the Description of The Sheriffdom; to amend the Navigation to and from the said Port, Fouldrie, and Lorship of Zetland) were united into it is necessary that a Cut, or River, of sufficient Di- One Stewartry, to be called ‘The mentions to afford a free Passage for the Waters and Zetland-, since which Time the said Isles have draining from the said Lands, and to answer the Pur- formed One Jurisdiction, under the same Sheriff dr poses of Navigation, should be made to branch out of Steward, and all the Owners of Land within the said the said River Ouzefrom the Common Salt Marsh, at Stewartry are, or ought to be, entitled to equal Prior near a Place called Eku Brink, in the Parish of vilegeS; according to the Nature and Extent of their Wiggenhall Saint Mary,in the said County of NorfoProperties, particularly in the Choice of the Repre-and again to join the said River Ouze at or near the fentatives of the said Stewartry in Parliament; and Harbour of King's Lynn aforesaid; and that, by Levels -that, by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed and Surveys, lately taken and made by experienced in the Third Parliament of King the Second,

Engineers; it appears that a Cut, or River, as above intituled, " Act concerning the Election of the described, may be made, and the Petitioners conceive " Commissioners for Shires," and by other Laws now the making thereof, with such other Works as may be in force, no Person is entitled to be inrolled in the found requisite to attain the Ends above-mentioned, Roll of Freeholders of any Shire or Stewartry, or to would be highly beneficial to the Owners and Occu- be admitted to vote in the Election of the Commil-piers of Lands within the Districts above specified, fioner to Parliament for such Shire or Stewartry, unless and would tehd greatly to promote the Trade and such Person is publickly infeft in Property or Supe-Commerce of the Town and Port of King's Lynn, and riority, and in Possession, of a Forty Shilling Land of of the adjacent Country; and that the Expence of old Extent, holden of the King or Prince, distinct from executing such Cut, or River, and other Works, may, the Feuduties in Fewlands, or in Lands liable in with great Ease and Convenience; be provided for by Public Burthens for His Majesty's Supplies for Four Means of zTax on the Lands to be benefited by the Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, whether Kirk-said Cut and Works, aided by a certain Tonnage lands, holden of the King, or other Lands, holding Duty on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, navigated Feu or" Blench of His Majesty or of the Prince: That On the said Cut, or River: And therefore praying, the ancient Valuation of Lands in called

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ef- Old Extent, was made at a Period before the Islands of fefting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, Orkney and Zetland were a Part of that Kingdom, and and under such Regulations, as to the House lh*ll the valued Rent of the Iflesof was ascertained

seem meet. in or about the Year 1653, the Total or Value

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the being ,£.56,561. 9 id. Scots Money, which Valuation Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- has ever lince been the Rule for railing and apportion-mine thfc Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic ing the Public Supplies, and ascertaining the Qua-shall appear to them, to the House: lification of the Freeholders of the said Stewartry, in

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Torke, General respect of Lands situated within that Part of the fame, Adeane, &c*: And they are to meet Tomorrow called Orkney, but the Lands and Heritages in the Mbrning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Islands of Zetland never were valued so as to form the Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, valued Rent recognized by Law, and, consequently. Papers, and Records. the Owners of Land in Zetland are excluded from

participating with the Owners of Lands in Orkney in Petition fiom A Petition of the Farmers, Inhabitants, and Free- the Choice of the Representative in Parliament for Wwc^etftire holders, of the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester, the said Stewartry, whatever may be the Value of and Glouwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented their Properties, because they cannot produce legal ttiflnre against to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pe- Evidence of their Lands being of the Extent or Va-tion^orPWor- titioners being informed that a Petition is intended to luation required by Law; and that the Lands in the eerter Avenue be presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for levying Islands of Zetland have, nevertheless, been subjected ®,ll# additional Tolls on the London and Upton Turnpike to, and constantly in Use to pay One Third Part of, the

Gates near the City of Worcester, and being appre- Cess or Land Tax, and other Public Burthens, im-henfive the intended double Toll will be partial, and posed generally upon the said Stewartry, in confe-a heavy Burthen on the Petitioners, and the proposed quence of some Agreement or Understanding be-Objects of the Bill being more for the Purpose of tween the Owners of Lands in Orkney and the Owners Ornamenting an Entrance into the City of Worcester of Land in Zetland, or some Law or Ordinance of than the general Improvement of the Roads, there- which the Memory is loft, and as that Apporcion-fore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the ment has been long acquiesced in, and ic would be said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a inexpedient now to disturb the settled Valuation of Law. Orkney, the Owners of Land in Zetland will be put in

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the a Situation to enable them (when otherwise legally Table, until the Bill to amend and render effectual so entitled) to be inrolled Freeholders, and Justice done much of-an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His to all concerned, by fixing the Half of the present Majesty, as relates to improving the Entrance Valuation of Orkney, or the Sum of £. 28,280. 14 s. 6 d> into the City of Worcester from the London and Upton to be the Total or Cumulo Valuation of Zetland, and Roads, be brought in then apportioning that Sum upon or among the

Owners of Land in Zetland, according to their several fftabliftin^the A Pet»tion of the Persons thereunto subscribing, and respective Properties: That the Lands in the ▼alued Rent of Owners of Land in the Islands of Zetland, within the Isles of Zetland are divided, by some ancient Rule or z'tundd&°f Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, holden by them; Custom, into Parcels, called Marks of Land, the ' c* § Boundaries

Tiin!ey Inc!o» itirc Edition#

A (he! worth Inclosurc Pcti* tion.

35 Geo. III. 8° Januariu 31

Boundaries of which are well known, and the Cess Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, or Land Tax, and other Public Supplies, have been several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, in Use to be raised by apportioning the Third Part of Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, the Total Sum laid upon the whole Stewartry (paid which, in their present State, are incapable of Im-according to the said Custom by or from Zetland) provemenf, but, if the same were divided, and specific upon the several Mark Lands in Zetland, each Mark Shares thereof set out and allotted to the Petitioners,

Land being liable to pay an equal Share, and it might and all other Perfoos interested therein, according to be inexpedient, and create great Confusion and Ex- their respective Rights and Interests, the said Lands pence, to alter that established Usage; and that, by and Grounds might be inclosed and considerably im-Law and Custom in Scotland the Sheriff or Steward proved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be has the Right of fixing the Day of the Election of the given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commissioner to Parliament for the Shire or Stewartry, laid Lands and Grounds, undpr such Regulations as being obliged to give Notice of the Day fixed at the the House shall think proper.

Head Burgh of the Shire or Stewartry upon a Market Order, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Day, and at each Parish Church within his Jurisdic- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that tion upon the Sunday immediately thereafter, at lead Captain Berkeley, Mr. , and Mr. John , do

Three Days before the Diet of Election, and Twelve prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Days before the Meeting of Parliament, which Regulations are not suited to the Stewartry of Orkney and Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Supply. Shetland, in respefk of the great Distance of the Isles Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-of Shetland from Kirkwall, the Head Burgh situated ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His in Orkney, and that the Two Districts are divided by Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-a tempestuous Sea, and the Inhabitants have little In- reded him to report to the House} which he read intercourse, and also in respect that the Isles of Zetland, his Place } and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's abstracted from Orkney, are numerous, distant from Table: Where the same were read} and are as fol-Each other, and difficult of Access, and that there are loweth j

in the said Isles Twenty-six Parish Churches, so that Rejol That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Seamen, it is scarcely possible to publish the Writ according That One hundred Thousand Men be employed for to the ftrid Terms of the Regulations, and to have the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven Evidence thereof in such Time as to hold the Elec- hundred and Ninety-five, including Fifteen thousand ,tion within the Period when the Writ is usually made Marines.

returnable, and accordingly the Regulation concern- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sum for ing the Notice at the Parish Churches has never been That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per 8ewnen, observed in Zetland, for which Reasons it is expedient Month, be allowed for maintaining the said One hun-and just that other Regulations should be made, dred Thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including adapted to the peculiar Circumstances of the same t Ordnance for Sea Service.

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to The First Resolution of the Committee being read bring in a Bill for establishing and apportioning the a Second Time, was, upon the Question put there-valued Rent of the Islands of Zetland, and for effec- upon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Conlradicente. tuating the other Ends and Purposes above-men- The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being tioned. read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Way* it shall appear to them} to the House: . Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- »ndMean»*

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Lawrence Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet To- Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which monow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speak- the Committee had directed him to report to the House} er's Chamber* which he read in his Place $ and afterwards delivered

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read}

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are and arc as followeth} viz. thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Malt.

Estates within the Parish of Trinley, otherwise Tirley, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Main the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, jesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, and read 5 Setting forth. That there are, within the which, by an Act of Parliament of the Thirty-fourth said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Common Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have Continuance Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste to the 24th Day of June 1795, be further continued.

Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, and upon all Mum which shall be made or imported, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the Pe- all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within titioners, and all other Persons interested therein, ac- the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of cording to their respective Rights and Interests, the June 1795 to the 24th Day of June 1796.

said Lands and Grounds might be inclosed and con- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Land Tax. fidorably improved: And therefore praying, That. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing jesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from such Regulations as the House shall think proper. the 25th Day of 1795, upon Lands, Tenements,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales,

Captain Berkeley, Mr. Master, and Mr. John Pitt, do and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and that apro-

prepare, and bring in, the fame. portionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of

the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are Britain called thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Estates within the Parish of JJhelworth, in the County Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereof Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read } upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Petition toviry the Line of the Braunftoo and Brentford Cabal reported.

Answera to Addrefte*.

3*

8® — 90 J

A.

1795-

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Tbcmhs Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Generali Mr. Roje, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whorrt

the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Oxford Canal Navigation, at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at or near Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was read: And,

Mr. William Jeffop, an Engineer, being examined, said. That a considerable Progress has been made in putting the said Act in Execution; but, that if the CanaJ is made in the Line directed by the said Act, a Tunnel will be obliged to be made through certain high Grounds in the County of Hertford-, that by a Survey lately made, it appears, that the said Tunnel may be avoided, by varying the line through certain Parishes mentioned in the Petition, which would render a more constant, speedy, and l'afe Communication than if the said Canal was made in the Line directed by the said Act: — And he added, that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal to vary the'Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, in the County of Hertford, so as to render the Navigation thereof more safe and convenient; and for making some other Amendments and Alterations in an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And that Mr. Dickins and Mr. Praed, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Verier is y g° die 'Januarii;

Anno 35° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Addresses of Wednesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Return, and the several Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had

been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are Ch-utiflfy thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Chattiftey,otherwiseCbcicely, U‘Ilon' in the County of Worcester,was presented to me House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, and specific Shares thereof let out and allotted to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the said Lands and Grounds might be inclosed and considerably improved: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Foley and Mr. Wigley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Hanley Ciftli* Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Lands within the Parish of Hanley Castle,in the County of

was read a Second Time.

Resolved,'That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. IVigley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dichins presented to the House, according to B.iitorarytfie Order, a Bill for authorizing the Company of Pro- of° The Grand prietors of The Grand Junction Canal, to vary the Junction Ca-Course of a certain Part of the said Canal in the nal> printed. County of Hertford, so as to render the Navigation thereof more safe and convenient; and for making some other Amendments and Alterations in an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, on the Continent, and on Board the Fleet, from 25th December 1794. to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's P'orces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, and in Corjtca, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1794 to 24th 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also, Estimateof the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, and on the Continent, for the Year 1795.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot, for Service in the West Indies, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1795, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate

Estimates, &c« presented.

Guards and Gairilons.

Forces in tli5

Plantation:.

General and Staff Officer;, & c.

Difference between British and Irish Pay.

Troops in East India.

AfMittonnls to T oi ps in East Judia.

Fetniiting Land Forces, and Contingencies, &c.

Levy Money, ice. for Augmentations to the Forces.

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers.

Allowances to the Paymaster General, &c. &c*

Half Pay*

35 Gf.o. III. 90 Jamarii. 33

Estimate of the Charge of Addicionals to the Regiment of Light Dragoons fervingin East India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting, Contingencies, and of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries for H is Majesty's Land Forces; of the Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry in Great Bri; and of

the Charge of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1795: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Levy Money and Subsistence, and of the Allowance for Cloathing tind Accoutrements, for the Augmentations to be made to His Majesty's Land Forces, in the Year 1795: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Companies, and of Regiments draughted, or to be draughted, from 25th December 179+ to 24th December 1795, boch inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; Co the Commifiary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1795: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1795: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced 4iiif pay. Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in me Service of the States General, for the Year 1795: \nd also,

Estimate of the Charge of Hah Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1795: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year Pen*>on* 1795: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs Scotch Roadi of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, and Bndfie* for the Year 1795: And

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia in Embodied South Britain, and of several Corps of FeneibL Infan- vVncVbie la-

try in Great Britain, Jersey, Gtiernfey, and the ljle of fanuy.

Man, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies, of the Contingencies; Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Pound-age, for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain, for the Year 1795: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the Em- clothing bodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1795: the Milw,a* And also,

Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Fencible Cavalry, for Service in Great Britain, from 25th De- *v y* cember 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance of Bread °*

and Necessaries, and of Extra Feed, for the several N«cffar?e«, Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, for the &«. for Year 1795.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followed!; viz.

1

v

Vol. L.

K ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, *Jersey, and Gutrnjey, on the Continent, and on Board the Fleet, from

25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

D

tg‘

f — h

N'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

CORPS. Numbers. 1 Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. 1 . Agencjr. Allowances to Captains Pay masters. Surgeons, Riding Malted, and Serjeanu. T O T A L.

rFirft Regiment of Life Guards 295 25,672 10 8 1

Second Ditto — — — 293 _ _ _ _ — __, — — 25,404 4 —

1 Royal Regiment of Horse Guards — — 536 — ~ - — — 36,138 — 10

1,124 87,214 15 6

"First Regiment of Dragoon Guards — 702 _ 27,698 ii 8 3.447 12 6 517 — 8 855 12 — 32,518 16 10

Second Ditto — — — 528 — - 21,200 17 11 2,585 i4 4 391 *1 3 641 14 — 24,819 17 6

Third Ditto — — — — 528 — 21,200 17 II 2,585 14 4 391 it 3 641 14 — 24,819 17 6

- Fourth Ditto — - — — 35* — I3»923 2 3 1,723 16 3 259 5 427 16 — 16,342 19 6

Fifth Ditto — — — 352 — I3>923 3 1,723 16 3 259 5 — 427 16 — 16,342 19 6

to C Sixth Ditto — — — 352 — I3»923 2 3 1,723 16 3 259 5 — 427 16 — 16,342 19 6

O O, Seventh Ditto ~ — — 526 — 20,429 l6 — 2,585 14 4 384 14 5 641 14 — 24,041 18 9

fcfi 5 m x_ Major General Goldjworthy's Reg* of Dragoons 528 — 21,200 17 II 2,585 14 . 4 391 11 3 641 14 — 24,819 17 6

Q General JohnJlons — — — 528 — 21,200 17 II 2,585 14 4 391 11 3 641 14 — 24,819 17 6

Lord Southampton's — — — 5 29 — 21,237 7 II 2,592 1 1 391 18 11 641 14 — 24.863 1 11

Lord Howard's — — 528 — 21,200 17 It 2,585 14 4 391 11 3 641 14 — 24.819 17 6

General Cunninghame's — — — 526 — 20,429 l6 — 2,585 14 4 384 H 5 641 14 — 24,041 18 9

General Johnston's — — 528 — 21,200 17 6 2,585 14 4 391 11 3 641 14 — 24.819 17 6

Lieutenant General — — 526 — 20,429 l6 — 2,585 14 4 384 14 5 641 14 — 24,041 18 9

"Sir Henry Clinton's — _ 762 - - 27,442 7 11 3.697 8 1 449 1 _ 943 4 — 3M3* 1 _

Lieutenant General Lascelles's — — 526 _ 20,429 16 — 2,585 14 4 384 14 5 641 14 — 24,041 18 9

The Prince of Wales's — 762 — 27,442 7 II 3,697 8 I 449 1 943 4 — 32»532 —

General Hodgson's — — — 762 — 27,442 7 11 3.697 8 I 449 1 — 943 4 — 32,532 1 —

CO Sir James Stewart's — - — — 352. — 13.932 2 3 1,723 16 3 2 59 5 — 427 16 — 16,342 19 6

C O General Craig's — — . 526 — 20,429 16 — 2,585 14 4 384 14 5 641 14 — 24,041 18 9

O to Sir Robert Sloper's — — — 526 — 20,429 16 — 2,585 14 4 384 14 5 641 14 — 24,041 18 9

n Jr 4 Lord Dorchester's — — — 762 — 27,442 7 11 3.697 8 1 449 943 4 — 32,532 1

O Lieutenant General Harcourt's — — 762 — 27,442 7 11 3,697 8 1 449 943 4 — 32,532 1:

4J The Duke of Newcs — — 52 6 — 20,429 16 — 2,585 14 4 384 14 5 641 14 — 24,041 18 9

of n The Marquis of Drogheda's — — 526 — 20,429 16 — 2,585 14 4 384 H 5 641 14 — 24,041 18 9

HH Lieutenant Colonel Beaumont's — — 406 — 15,276 1 4 2,014 19 4 272 14 2 514 16 — 18,078 10 10

Lord Feilding's — — — 406 — lSASS 19 10 2,014 l9 4 274 6 1 514 16 — 18,260 1 3

Colonel Fullarton's — — — 406 — 15.45s !9 1° 2,014 19 4 274 6 1 514 16 — 18,260 1 3

Colonel Lcftus's — — — 406 — 15,455 19 10 2,014 19 4 274 6 1 514 16 — 18,260 1 3

_Major General Gw — — — 469 — 18,785 10 3 2,333 14 2 347 ~ 1 570 8 — 22,036 12 6

i5>9l8 - 721,564 3 10

00

90 Janttarii. ^.1795.

g

(a

r — h

n'

0

Q.

cr

r First Regiment of Foot Guards — — M4-6

| Coldstream Ditto — — — - a,215 —

i Third Ditto ~ — — — 2,215 7>97<S

"Major General Coates's Regiment of Foot — - 1,798 —

Lieutenant General Hall's — — 1,102 —

Mnjor General Abercrcmby's — 689 —

Major General Ralph Dund — — i,116 —

Lieutenant General Lejlis' % — 689 —

Sir Robert Murray Keith's - — r 689 ‘

Lieutenant General Grant's — — 1,708 —

Lieutenant General Pifion's — — 1,116 —

Major General Ainjl'te's — — — - 689 —

Major General Hotbam's — — — 1,102 —

General Grccme's — — — 1,102 ——

Lieutenant General Hyde's — — 689 —

Lord George Lennox's — — . — 1,798 —

Lieutenant General Majfey's — — 1,102 —

Lieutenant General Pre/cott's — — 1,102 —

Lord Cathcart's — — — 1,798 —

Lieutenant General Clarke's — — 1,798 —

The Earl of Ross's — — — 1,102 —

Marquis Cornwallis's — — — 1,116 —

General Fletcher's — — — 689

Sir John Balling's — — — Sir Robert Pigot's — — — 1,102 —

r,u6 —

Major General Balfour's — — — Sir George OJhorne's — — — 689 —

1,116 —

Sir Hell or Munro's — — — 1,102 —

Major General Smith's — 689 —

Lieutenant General Rainsford' — — Major General Adeane's — — 1,116 —

1,102 —

Lieutenant General Tonya's — — 1,102 —

General Maitland's — — — 689 —

Major General Lake's — — — 1,102 —

General Frederick's — — — 1,102 —

Lieutenant General Tottingham's — — 1,116 —

General IValfh's — — — - 689 —

Lieutenant General John Campbell's — 1,102 —

Lieutenant General Scott's — ~ 689 —

Sir David Lindsay's — — — 1,102 —

The Earl of Balcarres's — — 1,102 —

Major General Leknd's — — — 689 —

Lieutenant General Brown's — — ' 1,102

6

8

6

8

8

6

8

6

6

8

6

6

6

6

8

6

6

8

6

6

8

6

6

6

8

6

6

6

8

6

8

6

6

8

6

462 1 6

257 4 5

206 *9 2

284 9 11

206 *9 2

206 *9 2

462 1 6

284 9 11

206 19 2

257 4 5

257 4 5

206 19 2

462 1 6

257 4 5

257 4 5

462 1 6

462 1 6

257 4 5

284 9 11

206 *9 2

257 4 5

284 9 11

206 19 2

284 9 11

257 4 5

206 19 2

284 9 II

257 4 5

257 4 5

206 19 2

257 4 5

257 4 5

284 9 11

206 *9 2

257 4 5

206 19 2

257 4 5

257 4 5

206 19 2

257 4 5

1.646 io — 8 23 5 —

732 ——

936 5 —

732 ——

73a ——

1.646 10 —

936 5 —

732 ——

823 5 — 823 5 — 732 ——

1.646 10 — 823 5 — 823 5 —

1.646 10 —

1.646 10 — 823 5 — 936 5 —

732 ——

823 5 ~

936 5 —

732 ——

936 5 —

823 5 —

732 ——

936 5 — 823 5 — 823 5 ~

732 ——

823 5 —

823 5 —

- 936 5 —

732 ——

823 5 —

732 ——

823 5 —

823 5 —

732 ——

823 5 —

79»456 49.973 50,028 6 8 3 2 8 8

32.33* *4 6

19,142 3 11

13,428 *3 6

20,171 8 5

13*428 *3 6

13.428 *3 6

32,33* 14 6

20,171 8 5

13,428 *3 6

19. *42 3 11

19,142 3 11

13,428 *3 6

32.33* *4 6

19,142 3 11

19 142 3 11

32,33* 14 6

32,33* 14 6

19,142 3 11

20,171 8 5

13,428 *3 6

19,142 3 11

20,171 8 5

13.428 *3 6

20,171 8 5

19,142 3 11

13.428 *3 6

20,171 8 5

19.142 3 11

*9>*42 3 11

13.428 *3 6

19,142 3 11

19*42 3 11

20,171 8 5

13,428 *3 6

19,142 3 11

13.428 *3 6

19,142 3 11

19,142 3 11

13-428 *3 6

19,142 3 11

*79»457 *8 6

tn

35 Geo. III. 9" Januarit.

4

n

o

0

rt

1

as

5;

CORPS*

Continued.

Major General Cuyler's Regiment of Foot The Earl of Suffolk's — —

Lieutenant Colonel Mackenzie's —

Lieutenant Colonel Cameron's —

Lord Paget's — —

Major General l.cigh's Second Battalion Lieutenant Colonel Fitch's —

Colonel Bernard's — —

Colonel Nugent's — —

Lieutenant General Ms — Lieutenant Colonel Doyle's —

Lieutenant General Reid's —

Major General Crojbie's — -

Lieutenant Colonel Graham's —

Lieutenant General Fletcher Campbell's Lieutenant Colonel Hewett's —

Sir Thomas Shirley's — —

Lieutenant Colonel —

Major General Edmeston's —

Sir James Grant's — — »

Lieuteriant Colonel Duncan Campbell's Lieutenant General Douglas's —

Colonel Fullarton's — - —

Lieutenant Colonel Trench's —

Lord Charles Somerset's — —

Major Del'Hoste's — — '

Major General Forbes's —

Major Bulwer's — — -

Lieutenant Colonel Keating's —

The Earl of Granard's —

Colonel Hay's — —

Lieutenant Colonel O'Donnell's —

Lieutenant Colonel Rs —

Lord Donoughmore's — —

Lieutenant Colonel Macdonell's —

Lord Viscount Landaff's —

Prince William's — — -

Numbers.

1,798 689 1,80a 901 901

471

1.372

1.372 901 901 901 901 901

1,802 901 901 901 901 901 901 901 901 901 901 $01 901 901 901

471

901

901

471

901

901

901

471

901

Charge of Clothing < f Non-commissi'ined Officer* and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Pay maftrrs, Surgeon*, Riding Mailer*, and Serjeants. T 0 T A L.

5.103 17 462 I 6 1,646 10 — 32,331 14 6

1,967 »9 8 206 *9 2 732 — 13,428 13 6

5>io3 *7 — 471 l6 2 1,646 10 — 33.438 2 6

a,55* 18 6 2 35 18 I 8a 3 5 — 16,719 I 3

a,551 18 6 235 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 I 3

i»36* I 2 186 H 8 540 15 — 11,029 8 10

3-9»2 >9 8 422 12 9 *,364 — — 27,748 10 1

3>912 19 8 422 12 9 1,364 — — 27,748 10 1

2.551 l8 6 2 35 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

2,551 l8 6 2 35 18 I 823 5 ~ 16,719 1 3

a,551 l8 6 235 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

2,55* l8 6 23S 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 3

2>5SJ 13 6 235 18 I 823 5 ~ 16,719 1 3

5>,03 *7 — 471 16 2 1,646 xo — 33,438 2 6

2.55* 18 6 2J5 18 I 823 5 ~ 16,719 1 3

2.551 18 6 235 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

2,55'* 18 6 235 18 823 5 *" 16,719 1 3

2,551 18 6 235 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 3

2.551 18 6 235 18 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

2,551 18 6 235 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

2.551 18 6 2 35 18 I 823 5 ~ 16,719 1 3

2.55* 18 6 235 18 1 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

2.551 18 6 235 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

2,55* 18 6 235 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

2,551 18 6 235 18 I 823 5 ~ 16,719 1 3

2,551 18 6 235 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

' 2,551 18 6 235 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

2,551 18 6 235 18 I 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

1,361 1 0 186 h 8 540 15 ~ 11,029 8 10

2,55i 18 6 *35 18 1 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

2,55i 18 6 235 18 1 823 5 ~ 16,719 1 3

1.361 1 2 186 *4 8 540 15 — 11,029 8 10

2,55* 18 6 235 18 1 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

2,551 18 6 235 18 1 823 5 — 16,719 1 3 '

2.551 18 6 235 18 1 823 5 — 16,719 1 3

1,361 1 2 186 H 8 540 *5 — 11,029 8 10

2,551 18 6 235 iS 1 823 5 — 16,719 l 3 ‘

o\

9° Januarii. A. \ 795.

c

o

r1

r

Colonel Alexander Campbell's Lieutenant Colonel Talbot's Lieutenant Colonel s

Major General Fox's — -

Earl of Mount Norris's Lieutenant Colonel Lieutenant Colonel Macnamara's Sir Vere Hunt's —

The Earl of Belvedere's Lieutenant Colonel Stratford's Lieutenant Colonel Lieutenant Colonel Beresford's Lord Viscount Cu

Lieutenant Colonel 5

Colonel Montgomerie's Lieutenant Colonel Ogle's Scotch Brigade, Four Battalions

Fifty Independent Companies of Invalids Garrisons — —

Total

901 *3.107 *9

— 471 — 8,940 18

— 471 " 8,940 18

— ! 901 — *3.107 19

— 471 — 8,940 18

— 471 — 8 940 18

— 471 — 8,940 18

— 471 — 8 > y40 18

— 471 — 8,940 18

— 47i — 8,9 fO 18

— 471 — 8,940 1 i

— 901 — *3.*07 *9

— 471 — 8,940 18

— 47i — 8,940 18

— ‘ 47i — 8,940 18

— 47i — 8,940 18

3,604 90,178 52.43* 18

— — 3,882 52.499 11

— 302 26,318 4

— — 119,380 2,024,547 *5

War Office,

9th January 1795.

IV, Windham,

O

cq'

w

00_

FT

t»

tn

8 2,55* 18 6 »35 18 I 82 3 5 - 16,719 I 3 f- -

— 1,361 I 2 186 1 + 8 540 >5 — 11,029 8 10

1,361 I 2 186 1 + 8 540 15 — 11,029 8 10

b M5« 18 6 *35 18 I 8-23 5 — 16,719 1 3

— 1,361 I 2 186 1 + 8 5+° ‘5 — il>029 8 10

— i>36 i 1 2 186 H 8 540 ‘5. — 11,029 8 10

— 1,361 1 2. r86 1 + 8 540 *5 —; 11,029 8 10

— 1,361 1 2 186 u 8 540 *5 — 11,029 8 10

1,361 1 2 186 1 + 8 5-1° 5 — 1 1 ,v* .9 8 10

— 1,361 I 2 186 14 8 ‘5 — . 1 ! O'Q 8 to

— 1,361 I 2 186 14 8 54" I; — ' 29 8 1 )

b ?,5S» 18 6 235 1 s 1 s. ? r , 1 1 3

— i».;6i I 2 I06 14 N.) j to 15 — 11 -2-, 8 10

— i,3rM I n j8'; *4 b 540 1 \ — I: 129 8 IO

— l.JM I 2 186 s 5+o l5 — I !jO 2 9 8 10

— 1,361 I - 86 «4 6 540 ‘5 — 1 1,^29 8 10

8 10,20/ *4 — 9+3 12 4 3,293 — — 66,876 5 —

1,694,360 I II

i 10,079 2. 5 1,203 19 2 4,000 — — — — 67,782 12 8

6 782 2 2 " — 55 — — — 27,155 6 8

2 3+3,577 12 7 36,818 19 4 105,917 18 — £- 2,777,534 >9 I

VO

o

uo

D

CQ

N

CD

Q.

cr <

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, and in Cor/tca, and a Corps of Foot in New Wales, from

25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days. 00

CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commissioned, Noa.commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains. Pay matters, Surgeons, Riding Matters, and Serjeants. T O T A L.

Lieutenant Colonel Sandford's Regiment of Light *

Dragoons - — 320 11,523 1 11 *»555 3 193 12 7 285 4 — — — *3,556 *9 9

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, First Battalion 1,102 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — *9»*42 3 11

Lieutenant General Morrison's — - — 1,102 *5,°»3 7 6 3,038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — *9,*42 3 I I

Major General Clarke's — — — 1,102 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — *9,142 3 II

Prince Edward's — — ... 1,102 _ 15,160 9 4 3,038 7 — 258 8 9 823 5 — 19,280 10 I

Major General Powell's — — — 1,102 — 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — 19,142 3 II

Major General Bruce's — — _ 1,102 _ 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 ~ 257 4 5 823 5 — *9. *42 3 I I

Major General Garth's _ _. — 1,116 ... 15,815 18 6 3.134 15 — 284 9 11 936 5 — 20,171 8 5

Major General Hamilton's — — — 1,102 _ 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — 19,142 3 11

Major General Dundas's — — — 1,102 _ 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — 19,142 3 11

Major General Grenville's — — . — 1,102 — 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — 19,142 3 11

Major General Whyte's — — — 1,102 — 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — 19,142 3 11

Sir William Erskine's — _ — 1,102 — 15,023 7 6 3,038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — *9,*42 3 11

Lord Muigrave's — __ __ — - 1,116 — 15,815 18 6 3,*34 15 ~ 284 9 11 936 5 — 20,171 8 5

Lord Frederick Cavendish's — — — 1,116 — 15,815 18 6 3.134 15 — 284 9 11 936 5 — 20,171 8 5

Major General Stirling's — — — 1,102 — 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 ~ 257 4 5 823 5 — 19,*42 3 11

Sir John Vaughan's — — - — 1,102 — 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — 19,*42 3 11

Lieutenant General Dalrymple's — — 689 — 10,521 14 8 1,967 19 8 206 *9 2 732 *3.428 *3 6

Royal American Regiment, Four Battalions ... 2.757 42,326 16 9 7,871 18 8 829 *9 5 292 8 53,956 *4 10

Lieutenant General Morris's — — — 1,102 — 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 — 257 4 5 '823 5 — 19,*42 3 11

Lieutenant General Mathew's — — 1,102 — 15,023 7 6 3.038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — *9»*42 3 11

h-jor General Gunning's — — 1,102 — 15,023 7 6 3.°3» 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — I9»*42 3 11

Major General Stuart's — _ — 1,102 — 15.023 7 6 3.038 7 — 257 4 5 823 5 — I9»*42 3 11

Major General Bertie's — — — 901 — 13,107 19 8 2,551 18 6 2 35 18 1 8 23 5 " 16,719 1 3

Lieutenant Colonel Murray's — — 901 — 13,107 19 8 2,551 18 6 2 35 18 1 823 5 — *6,719 1 3

Major General Simcce's Corps — — 432 — 5.237 4 5 1,120 18 8 76 12 6 37* 5 " 6,806 — 7,

27,762 - 493,699 9 5

GARRISONS, See. 1 t

Qtiebec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New t

Brunswick, Cape Breton, St. John's and Placentia > in 1

Newfoundland, and St.John's Island - — - - 1 6^292 5 5

Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago - — 2,725 *3 3

Officers serving with the Forces in North America, the

West Indies, Gibraltar, and Cor/tca - — - 41,956 *5 3

Officers of the Hospitals serving in North America, the \

West Indies, and Corsica — — MM - h 11,223 *5

VO

Cn

D

n'

CD

Cl

CT

O

o

0§

?r

GIBRALTAR.

Major General De Burgh's Regiment of Foot

Major General Leigh's First Battalion

The Marquis of Huntley's — —

Officers of the Garrison of , See,.

CORSICA.

Lord Adam Gordon'sRegiment of Foot, Second Battalion ——

Sir James Pulteney's ——

Sir Thomas Spencer IVilJon's — — —

The Earl of Eglintoun's — , — -

hew so urn wales.

Lieutenant Colonel Greje's Corps ——

Total — —

Deduct,

To be paid by the ftland of j

For Lieutenant Colonel S Corps of Light Dragoons — — —

For the Private Men of Two Regiments of Foot, according to the late Peace Establishment ——

Remains to be provided —

W

C/J

M

s

H

W

1,102

9OI —

9OI —

— 2,904

1,102

1,102 —

1,102 —

1,102 —

4,4°8

— 553

— 35.947

15.023 7 6

13.107 49 8

13.107 *9 8

*4,783 9 7 15,023 7 6 *5.023 7 6

*5,023 7 6

7,95° *5 2

507,850 16 —

War Office, 9th January 1795.

/T. Windham,

(/I

r

3>°3S 7 —

2.551 *8 6

2.551 18 6

2J7 4 5 *35 18 1 235 18 1

823 5 — 823 5 — 823 5 —

19,142 3 is

16.719 i 3

16.719 1 3

o

M

52*580 5 P

3»554 ij 4 fj

HH

3*038 7 — 255 1 10

3.038 7 — 257 4 5

3*038 7 — 257 4 5

3*038 7 — 257 4 5

1,536 — 2 151 9 6

100,507 11 5 8,913,14 2

823 5 — 18,900 3 s

823 5 — 19*42 3 I1

823 5 — 19,142 3 II

823 5 ~ 19,142 3 II

589 17 6 29,119 11 6

76*326 15

10,228 2

712,144 15

2 V

13.5 56 19

9

20,836 19 9 691,307 15 7

00

>0

4o

9° Januarii.

A. 1795.

E ST I M AT E of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, fefving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, and on the Continent, for the Year 1795.

V- , .

General and Staff Officers,' and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, and on the Continent, from 25th December 179+ to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days — — . —

f. 116,620 — 3

War Office, 9th January 1795.

IV. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference between the and Pay of Six Regiments of

Foot, for Service in the West Indies, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, inclusive, being 365 Days.

The Duke of Fitz James's Regiment of Foot.

Pay of Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men ——

Charge of Clothing for Noq-commissioned Officers, and Private Men ——

Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Ser-

jeants —

The Count De Ss — the fame

Count Conway's — the same — —

Viscount Conway's * — the same . —

Colonel O'Connell's — the same —

Colonel Dillon's — the same — —

Total

Deduff,

To be paid by Ireland^ on Account of the above Regiments ——

Remains to be made good

Numbers. Charge for 365 Days.

719 10,795 9 8

— 2,036 18 10

MM 210

— ?32

719 i3»774 8 6 -

719 13.774 8 6

719 13,774 8 6

719 13,774 8 6

719 U,774 8 6

719 13,774 8 6 *

4,3‘4 1 r " 82,646 11 — '

— — — 42,550 1 3

4>314 £- 40,096 9 9

War Office,

_ 9th January 1795*

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE

35 Geo. III.

9° Januarii.

4f

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment Of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Fodt, for

Service in East India, for the Year 1795, being 365 Days.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th December 1794. to 24th December 1795, both inclusive.

Pay — — —

Clothing — — —

Agency —: ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Riding Matters — —

Lieutenant General St. John's Regiment of Foot.

Pay — — — —

Clothing — > — —

Agency — — — . —

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, and Surgeon — — —

Total for this Regiment —

General Trapattd's Lieutenant General Gordon's Sir Adam Williamson's — Sir William Medows's Lieutenant General O'Hara's Sir Robert Abercromby's Major General Major General

the same the same the same the same the same the same the same the fame

Total —

Numbers.

I , I32

l, I3a

1.132

1.132

1.132 1,13* I.U1

1.132

1.132

5t2

10,188

10,700

Charge for 365 Days.

13,082 4 6

2,768 10 Ik

252 12 81

47 a 16 —

15,933 9

3,059 18 iol

271 12 Si

843 5 —

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

I-

16,531 3 1®

180,974 8

197,505 11 10

War Office,

9th January 1795.

W. Windh*

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in 1781, intituled, *c An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company " of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, &c." the East India Company are required to pay a

certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops sent, or to be fenc to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only; and as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of the Additionals recruiting for the Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the Recruiting'Companies remaining in Great , there will be wanting at present for this Purpose the Sum of 8,323. 17 s. 10 f d. which it will be necefiaty to vote on Account Of the above Estimate.

Vol. L.

M

ESTIMATE

44

J. 1795.

90 Januatiu

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additionals to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in

and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons. Pay of Additionals — —

Clothing — —

Agency — — —

In all, for the Additionals

Lieutenant General Si. John's Regiment of Foot.

One Company.

Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers — — —

Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers — Agency ——

Allowance to the Captain — —

In all, for One Company — -

General Trapaud's — — the same —

Lieutenant General Gordon's — the same _

Sir Adam Williamson' — — the fame

Sir William Medows's — ... the same — 1

Lieutenant General O'Hara's — the fame

Sir Robert Abercromby's — the same —

Major General Musgrave's Major General Marsh's — the same —

the same Total

War Office,

9th January 1795.

W. Windham.

x.

Numbers. Charge for 365 Days.

i 8 3^ 4 — i

— — 44 14 41

— — 3 3 St

a\G fk in-

1 w VI 4 Vj

24 695 4 i°i

— — 128 8 io|

— — 13 7

' — — - 38 5 " ,

— — ' 878 12 4

24 T 878 12 4

24 — 878 12 4

24 — 878 12 4

24 — 878 12 4

24 — 878 12 4

24 — 878 12 4

24 — 878 12 4

24 — 8/8 12 4

216

7,907 U "

— 224 L 8,323 17 10j

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting, Contingencies, and of the Allowance of Br„ead and Necessaries for His Majesty's Land Forces; of the Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry in Britain , and of the Charge of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1795.

For the Recruiting and Contingencies of His Majesty's Land Forces, upon Account — For the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to His Majesty's Land Forces, upon Account ——

For the Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry in Great Britain — —

Charge of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, upon Account — — -

210,coo — — *

80.000 -

40.000 — —

55.000 ——

Total

385,000 ——

War Office,

9th January 1795.

IV. Windh

ESTIMATE

43

55 Geo. III.

9° Januarii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Levy Money and Subsistence, and of the Allowance for Clothing and

Accoutrements, for the Augmentations to be made to His Majesty's Land Forces, in the Year 1795;

Levy Money and Subsistence for the Augmentations to be made to His Majesty's Land Forces, in the Year 1795, upon Account — — —

Charge olf Clothing and Accoutrements for Ditto, upon Account ' — —

Total

War Office,

9th January 1795.

W. Windh,

440,000

40,000

480,000 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Companies, and of Regiments draughted, or to be draughted, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795* b°*h inclusive, being 365 Days.

Horse

Grenadier

Guards.

3 Majors — — each,

3 Lieutenants and Captains —

1 Lieutenant and Captain —

2 Guides and Captains — — -

\ 6 Sub Lieutenants — —

1 Adjutant — —

2 Chaplains — —

2 Surgeons ~ — -

2 Riding Masters — —

Agent — —

Deputy Provost Marshal

Foot. - - 1 Major and Captain — — —

Invalids. - 1 Lieutenant — — —

Agency — . —

1 Lieutenant Colonel, as Colonel and Captain

4 Captains — — each 171. 7.

5 Lieutenants — — 79. 19.

6 Ensigns — — — 62, 16.

1 Adjutant — — —

1 Quarter Matter — — ' —

1 Surgeon — ' — —

1 Mate ——

456. 5* — 912 IO —

355* i7- 6. 1,067 12 6

— — *55 2 6

337- 12. 6. 675 5 —

228. 2. 6. 1,368 15 —

— — *73 7 6

121. 4- 243 6 8

I46. — — 292 — - —

45* 12. 6. 9* 5 —

Charge for 365 Days.

41st Regiment of Foot, or

Invalids.

1.

4*

7*

Agency — _

Allowances to 11 CaP,ain!>'a- - -

I Surgeon — — 82. 2. 6.

Companies of Invalids.


2 Captains 8 Lieutenants 8 Ensigns

— 171. 7. 1.

— 79- *9 4-

— 62. 16* 7J

Agency — —

Allowances to Two Captains, each £, 80. — ' —

Officers of Independent Companies, upon Account — Officers of Eleven Regiments draughted* or to be draughted, upon Account — _ —

War Office, 9th January 1795.

Total —

W. Windham.

4,979

80

25 ——

80

2

*3 6 — 4

411

685

639

376

68

ll

S9

5 ~

8 4

14 8

19 71 10 to 19 4 10 10 19 Si

2,390 8 11

21 4 2i

482 2 6

342 14 2

639 14 8 502 12 10

1,485 8 *3 3 7 160 — —

Si084 4 2 259 6 3

82 13 id

2,89$ 14 id

*>658 5 3

20,000 — —

50,000 — —

7 9,978 4 4

ESTIMATE

44 9° JanuariLA. 1795*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance 'to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces} to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters j to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army j and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1795*

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, See. , — — — — Fees at the Exchequer — — — , — Secretary at War, his Deputy, Clerks, See. — — — — Commissary General of the Musters, and Ditto — — _ — . Judge Advocate General — — _ — Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army — — — — 19,485 65.000 — — 13.000 5,163 12 6 2»3I9 S 9 5*s53

Total — JT. 110,820 18 3

War Office, 9th January 179$. W.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1795.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive — — — — Ditto to Four Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at Ten Pounds per Annum each — — — 40 — — Ditto to Nine Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at Seven Pence fer Diem each — — — — 95 16 3 128,864 3 9 135 16 3

T otal — £. 129,000 — — -

War Office, 9th January 1795. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the

Service of the States General, for the Year 1795*

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive — — — — £. 1,coo

War Office, 9th January 1795. W. Windham.

ESTIMATE

35 Geo. Ill

9° Januarii.

45

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's

American Forces, for the Year 1795.

— — T For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 179+ to 24th December 1795', inclusive — — — Allowances to Officers of Ditto, per Annum - $2,500 7>5°°

Total — £. a 60,000 — —

War Office,

9th ^January 1795*.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the

Year 1795.

N umbers. Rank of their late Hollands. Rate of Pension. Charge.

*3 26 22 >54 172 ' *43 I - Widows of Colonels . — — Lieutenant Colonels — Majors — Captains — Lieutenants — — Ensigns, &c. Physician's Widow — — — 5° 40 30 26 20 - 16 — — 2,150 1,040 — - 660 4,004 — — . 3,440 — — 2,288 — — 30

561 13,612

The Amount of Twelve Pencfc in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above stated — — — — Salary of the Deputy Paytnafter, per Annum — > — — 680 12 — IOO; — < 780 12 —

Total — — ' 14,392 12 —

from which deduct the following Sums already provided j On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons — On D° for the Marine Corps — — viz'. — ! 1 2,85a 8 9 1,152 10 — i i 1 4,004 18 9

Remains to be provided - & *0.387 13 3

War Office,

9th January 1795.

IV. Windham.

In the 143 Widows above‘mentioned, are included the Widows of Cornets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Matters, and Surgeons, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign's Widow.

Vol. L.

N estimate

4 6 9° Januariu . 1795.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Road$ and Bridges in North

Britain, for the Year 1795.

For the Works arid Rfepairs of the Military1 Roads and Bridges in North Britain, upon Account — iui. — — ' — —

I. 4,500 ——

» War Office,

9th January 1795.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Feneible Infantry in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and the Isle of Man, from 25th "December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Bedford — — —

Berks — — —

Royal Buckingbamshire — -

Cambridge — — — .

Chester ——

Cornwall — — ——

Cumberland — —

Derby — — —

Devon — — —

Dorset — —

Durham — - —

Essex — — —

Gloucester — — —

Hereford < — — —

Herts — — —

Huntingdon — —

Kent — —

Lancaster — — >

Leicester — — —

Lincoln — — — Middlesex — —

Monmouth and Brecon — —

Norfolk — — —

Northampton — —

Northumberland — —

Nottingham —

Oxford — — — .

Rutland — — —

Salop — — —

Stnjjord — — — .

Somerset — —

Carried forward

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers. Chtrre for 365 Days.

_ I 619 9,813 2 6

I 7 39 11,436 1 —

I 933 — 1*638 3 5

— I 627 — 9,886 2 6

— I 827 — - 12,543 3 S

— I 8 95 — 13,291 8 5

— I 381 — 5>953 *7 —

I 668 — 10,645 *7 2

— 3 2,029 — 4 31,789 11 10

— 1 9°5 , — i3>394 16 9

— 1 476 7,350 7 1

2 1,502 — 22,327 5 —

— a 1,292 — 20,765 17 7

— 1 707 — 10,664 15 10

— 1 795 — 12,226 16 9

— 1 460 — 7,192 3 8

— 1 1,522 — 23,177 *0 11

— 1 937 — 13,699 — 1

— 1 75* — 11,163 12 6

— 2 *>434 — 22,957 3 6

— 3 *>9°3 — 29,895 12 6

— 1 564 — 8,4*7 9 5

— 2 1,150 — 18,574 11 8

— 1 761 — 11,904 8 5

— - 1 893 — 13,273 3 5

— 1 575 — 9,287 5 10

— 1 73° — 11,227 15 7

— ' 1 *45 — 2,340 5 5

... 1 937 — 13,699 — 1

_ 1 795 — 12,226 16 9

— i 99* — 14,847 7 8

— ~~ 27 >943 — 429,610 13 8

35 Geo. Ill

p° Jamarik

47

Brought forward

Southampton — Suffolk —

Surrey. —

Sussex. — .

Warwick Westmoreland -

Wilti -w

Worcester —

2V1, West Riding North Riding East Riding

jfnglefea —

'Cardigan —

Carmarthen —

Carnarvon —

Denbigh —

ir/m/

Glamorgan — -

Merioneth —

Montgomery —

Pembroke —

Radnor —

Regiments, Battalions, or ChrpS,

3

a

dumber?.

27*943

1,423

I,a$i

947

947

936

287

*387

888

1,478

849

476

189

*45

238

96

498

aid

430

*45

456

189

*45

4J>63?

Charge for 365 Days.

TOTAL.

429,610 13 8

22,331 10

20»P2* *5;

14.421 II

14.421 II

*$,*50 *7 4,665 16 18,910 12,857 22,872 12,756 7 >47*

5

7

1

7

10

9

.4

2.784

2.340

3*774

1,5*6

7.563

3,561

6,888

2.340

7*23

2.784

2.340

7 *

5 5 16 11

*3 4

5

18

5

7

- 5

5 5 3 *0

7 5 5

4

FENCIBLE INFANTRY.

Sir James Grant's Regiment of Fencible Men Colonel Wcynyfs's — — —

Colonel Montgomerie's — —

Earl of Breadalbane' % —

Marquis of h —; Duke of Gordon's — '

Earl of Hcpetoune's —

Sir Sinclair's —

Lord rfe Wilton's Colonel Macdoneti' —

Colonel Campbell's Colonel Courtenay's — -Colonel Parkyn's —

Colonel Hall's — Colonel Robinson'3 — Colonel Stapleton's —

Sir Robert Stuart's — Colonel Forfter's — Major Balfour's Corps Duke of Athol's Ditto Captain Frazer's Ditto Captain Mackenzie's Ditto

Total

700

l»*5°

700 f,40o .'700 700 > 700

697

I, IIO

.689

689

689

689

689

689

689

689

689

337

34°

*73

136

15,044

56,683

14,494 *4 9

19,885 II 5

14,494 *4 9

28,747 9 r - „

14.494 *4 9 1 1

*4.494 14 9

14,494 *4 9,

12,647 4 9

*9,395 *5 2

13.428 *3 6 *

13,428 *3 6

13,428 *3

*3,428 *3 6 *

13.428 *3 6

13.428 *3 6

*3,428 *3 6

13,428 *3 6

13,428 *3 6

6,083 12 9

6,083 *5 1

2,925 1 9

2,44* — 9 29*538 5 *

£ 93o,047 *2 3

War Office,

9th January 1795.

IF. Windh

ESTIMATE

48

9° Januarii.

d. 1795.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Poundage for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great , for the Year 1795.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, upon Account - . — For the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to Ditto, upon Account — — . For the Allowance of Poundage to Ditto, upon Account — > — 40,000 — — 145,000 — — ' 25,000 — —

Total — £. 210,000

War Office, 9th January 1795. , IV. Windham,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia- in South , for the Year 1795.

Numbers. Rate#. Charge.

1,858 Serjeants — — - J 14 7 " — " 1,119 Drummers — — 3 — 5 ~ — — 36,937 Rank and File — — a 10 5 — — 10,644 1510 3>38o 6 3 93."* 9 5

Total

£ 107>*37 11 6

War Office,

9th January 1795.

W. Windham,

ESTIMATE

35 Geo. III.

4 9

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavairy for Service in Great Britain, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795. both inclusivej being 365 Days;

First Regiment of Fencible Cavalry Berkshire Ditto —

Cambridge Corps —

Cinque Ports Regiment —

Cornwall Corps —

Durham Ditto.

EffexDitto — —

Hampshire Ditto —

Lancashire Regiment , —

Norfolk Ditto — —

Oxford Corps —

Pembroke Ditto —

Romney Ditto —

Rutland Regiment —

Somerset Ditto — .

Surrey Ditto — —

Sussex Corps — —

Wales (North) Regiment Warwick Corps — —

Ayr Ditto — —

Berwickshire Ditto —

Dumfriesshire Ditto — -

Dunbarton Ditto —

Fifeshire Ditto — —

Haddington Ditto —

Lanarkshire Ditto — -

Linlithgow Ditto —

Mid Lothian Ditto —

Pertbshire Ditto —

Roxburgh Ditto —

I ~ } Number*. Charge for 365 Days.

406 18,260 1 3

— — . 358 16,681 10 6

— , — 89 3,569 16 9

— 358 i6, C8i 10 6

— — 239 11,038 g 5

— — 239 11^038 8 5

— 239 11,038 8 5 '

— — 118 5,320 13 7

_ — 358 16,681 10 6

— 3S« 16,68i 10 6

— — 138 5 963 8

— — 59 2,619 14 11

— — x 18 5,320 18 7

_ — 358 16,681 10 6

— — 358 #6,681 JO 6

— — 358 16,681 16 6

— — 118 5,320 18 .7

— — 358 16,681 JO 6

— — 239 11,038 8 5

— — 118 5»32o 18 7

— — 118 5.32o 18 7

— — 118 5.32o 18 7

— — 59 2,619 I4 it

— ' — 118 5.320 18 7

— — 118 5.320 18 7

— — 118 5.320 18 7

— 59 2,619 14 it

— — 118 5,320 18 7

— — 180 8,260 1 9

— — 118 f.320 18 7

Total — 6,108 £. 280,048 8 3

1

War Office,

9th January 1795.

W. Windh.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Extra Feed for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry' in Great Britain, for the Year 1795.

For the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, upon Account ——

For the Allowance of Extra Feed to Ditto, upon Account — —

Total — f.

30.000 — —

50.000 ---

— -I. — ....

80,000 ——

War Office,

9th January 1795*

Wi Windham.

Vol. L.

Ordered,

Malt Bill prtfeuttd.

Land Tax Bill presented.

Account o f Produce of Taxes, ordered.

Supply defer* red.

Way* and Means defeat red.

Petition respectiner the Kight of Election for Car-lille.

50 9 — 1 i° Ja 1795*

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Rojepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Net Produce of t^he Taxes for One Year, ending the 5th Day of January 1795.

The Orders of th<$ Day being read;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luttes, i a° die Januarii;

Anno 35* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

A PETITION of 'Thomas Wilson James

£aine, Robert Murray, Edward IVaftell, John Ricbardjon, Robert Tarker, Thomas John White,

Richard Rowland, Joseph Teoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of was

delivered in at the Table; and read; Setting forth, That, by a late Resolution of a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the City of Carlisle, in the County of -

land, and which, on the 3d Day of March 1791, was by them reported to the House, that the Right of Election for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, is declared to be in the Freemen of the said City, duly admitted, and sworn Freemen of the said City, having been previously admitted Brethren of one of the Eight Guilds or Occupations of the said City, and deriving the if Title to such Freedom by being Sons of Freemen, or by Aervice, of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman, resident, during such Ap« prenticeship, within the said City, and in no others; and that the Petitioners are not satisfied with the said Resolution, and are desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose such Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that same made and provided: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 26th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

..That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr.

Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City of Carlisle, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgemen, Henley upon and Burgesses, of the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, under their Common Seal, was Petition. ' presented to the House, and-read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners under the Stile and Title of " The Corporation of Henley upon Thames, in the County " of Oxford,'' in and by a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a " Bridge over the River Thames at the Town of " Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and " making commodious Avenues thereto, for widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place,

" for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions,

" and Annoyances from, the said Town," were appointed Commissioners for widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for re-movingNuifences, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town of Henley upon Thames, and they were, by the said Act, authorized to take down and remove certain Buildings, called The Old Market House, and also certain Buildings called, fbe Middle in the said Act particularly specified, confiding of, amongst other Premisses, a Common Gaol, and Guildhall belonging to the said Corporation, but no Power was thereby given to re-build the said Guildhall, Gaol, and other necessary Buildings, on any other Scite; and that, since passing the said Act, the said Building called, The Old Market House,hath been pulled down by Strickland Freeman, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Henley upon Thames, with the Consent of the said Corporation, but no new one hath been built by him in the Room thereof, and the said Gaol and Guildhall have been taken down by the Petitioners, and was by them intended ter be re-built on the Scite of the old Ones; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the said Town, as well as to the Improvement and Ornament of the fame, to have a new Market House, with a Common Gaol, and other Offices, erected at the West End of the Market Place in the said Town, in Part on and near the Scite of the Old Market House, and to have a Guildhall, Council Chamber, and other Offices, erected over the fame; and that the Petitioners, as well as the other Inhabitants, of the said Town and Neighbourhood, much wilh to have so desirable and beneficial a Matter carried into Execution, but ate prevented from so doing without the Assistance and Atfthority of Parliament, not only in as much as there was no Power given by the said recited Act for that Purpose, but as the Spot on which the same is wished to be built is Part of the Wafte_Land of the Manor of Henley, and the said Strickland Freeman is only Tenant for Life of the said Manor; and that, by the said recited Act, a Penalty of Ten Shillings is laid for certain Offences in the said Act named to be paid to the said Corporation, which, in some Instances, is severe and heavy, as there is no Power for the Magistrates or Commissioners to I mitigate

T

Yarmouth Bridge and Gorlefton Road Bill committed*

Hull Correlation, &c» Fcmion.

{ -V t . *

35 Geo. III. iz° Januarii. 51

mitigate the fame, and the Petitioners much with for would be thereby promoted: And therefore praying, a Power for them, or the Magistrates, to mitigate the That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the same to Two Shillings and Six Pence, and also to Purposes aforesaid, and for such other Purposes as the pay such Part of the Penalty to the Informer when House may deem necessary for the Security and Inland as they shall think proper: And therefore pray- provement of the Public Revenue; Trade, Commerce^ ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for and Navigation, at the said Port of Hull.

the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House OThat the said Petition be referred to the shall think proper. Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the mine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it Consideration of a Committee: And that they do shall appear to them, to the House: examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as And it is referred to Mr. Samuel 'Thornton, Mr. Wil-it shall appear to them, to the House: herforce, &c.: And they are to meet To-morroyv

And it is referred to Lord Viscount Parker, Mr. Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Vansittart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers*

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's and Records.

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

and Records. A Petition of the Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull Dock

Hull,under their Common Seal, was presented to the pe°^^n"y s A Bill for continuing an Act, of the Fifteenth House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act,

Year of His present Majesty, for amending and wi- passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His dening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little " establishing Public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston Yarmouth, to Gorlefton, in the County of Suffolk, was " upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty's Reread a Second Time. . *f venues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles . merce in the Port of Kingston upon Hull, for making Townshend, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet " a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's " and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vef-Chamber. " fels using the said Port, and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and for ap-A Petition of the Corporation of Mayor and Bur- " plying certain Sums of Money out of His Ma-gefies of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, of the Cor- " jesty's Customs at the said Port for those Purposes, poration Guild or Brotherhood of Matters and Pilots, " and for establishing other necessary Regulations Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, " within the Town and Port of Kingston upon under their respective Common Seals, and of the the Petitioners were incorporated by the Name of thereunder-signed Merchants, Ship Owners, and prin- " The Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull," and cipal Inhabitants, of the said Town of Kingston upon were empowered and required, within the Space of Hull, and the Vicinity thereof, was presented to the Seven Years from and after the 31st Day of December House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an 1774, to make a Bason or Dock, to extend from the Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of River to a certain Place in the Town of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making upon Hull, called The Beverley Gates, or as near thereto " and establishing Public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston as conveniently might be, and to make the same in all upon Hull, for the better securing His Majesty's Parts equal in Depth to the Bed of the River, or ac " Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Com- least within Fifteen Inches of the fame, for the " merce in the Port of Hull, for making a Bason or Admission of Loaded Ships, and of such Width at *« Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other the least as the Ground granted by that Act would ,f Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the admit, and were also empowered to build, or cause to " Port, and for appropriating certain Lands belong- be built, within the said Space of Seven Years, a " ing to His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums Quay or Wharf of a sufficient and convenient Length " of Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the for the Trade and Business of the said Town and Pprr;

" said Port for those Purposes, and for establishing which should range along the Side of the said Bason " other necessary Regulations within the Town and or Dock next the Town, and in Consideration of the " Port of Kingston upon Hull," a Public Quay has great Charges and Expences of making the said Bason, been established at the Port of Hull,with a Bason or Quay, and Works, and of maintaining the same in Dock leading thereto, of a Capacity that was sufficient future, certain Rates or Duties on Shipping, and for the Accommodation of the Trade of the Port at Wharfage on Goods, as mentioned in the said Act, the Time of passing the said Act, but, in consequence were thereby granted to, and veiled in, the Petitioners; of the great Increase of Trade and Shipping which and that the Petitioners at great Labour, Risk, and has since taken place, the said Bason or Dock is now Expence, made a Bason or Dock of considerably greatly insufficient for the Accommodation of the larger Dimensions than are specified in the said Act,

Shipping trading and resorting to the said Port, to and built a Quay or Wharf, ranging along the Side the great Detriment of the Trade and Manufacture of the said Bason or Dock next the Town, within the of the several Towns and the Country connected with Space of Five Years (although Seven Years were al-the Port of Hull, for Import and Export of Foreign lowed them for that Purpose) to the great Accom-and Native Commodities, and likewise to the Preju- modation of the Trade of the Port, and the Benefit of dice of His Majesty's Revenue, the Public Interest re- His Majesty's Revenue; and that, since the said Dock quiring that the Dock be extended from Time to and Quay have been made and compleated, the Trade-Time as Trade and Commerce increase, as the Want of the said Port of Hull has considerably increased, and of Room for the Shipping restrains the Improvement another Dock would be it further Accommodation to of these National Objects at the said Port; and that, the Shipping frequenting the Port, and an additional if the Company established by the Act were restrained Convenience to Trade in general, and might ulti-from receiving more to their private Use than some mately tend to increase His Majesty's Revenue, and adequate Dividend upon their Capital, and the Sur- the Petitioners are willing to make another Dock on plus of the Duties paid by the Trade and Shipping having a reasonable Contribution from Government y»ere applied to make the necessary Extension of the towards the Expence of making and maintaining the Dock, the general Advantage of the Trade and Na- fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be vigation of the Kingdom and of the Public Revenue given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purpose

aforesaid.

Worcester Avenue Bill prelfented*

Malt Bill

committed*

51 12° yamarii. A. 1795.

aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Refol That the Bill be Committed to a Comas to the Mouse shall seem meet. mittce of the whole House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Refo, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-fconsideration of a Committee: And that they do ing, resolve itfrlf into a Committee of the whole House, examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as upon the said Bill, it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. WiU A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a tana Tax Bill berferte, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Land Tax, to be raised in for the Ser- committed.

' Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Chamber; and havePoweibco fend for Persons, Papers, Ninety five, was read a Second Time.

and Records. Ref, That the Bill be committed.

Ref That the Bill be committed to a Com- Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, accord- mittee of the whole House.

Ing to Order, a Bill to amend and render effectual so RefThat this House will. Tomorrow Morn-mUch of an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of- His ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, present Majesty, as relates to improving the En- Upon the said Bill, trance into the City of Worcester from the London and

Upton Roads: And the same was received; and read the The House being informed, that Mr. ,from Account of First Time. the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; Produce of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanc to £*t*^>,prc*

their Order,

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes cel-tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year, ending the 5th Day of 1795.

for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun- And then he withdrew. dred and Ninety-five, was read a Second Time. And the Title of the said Account was read.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed. The said Account is as followeth; viz.

T#

35 Geo. III. 1i° Januarii. 53

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Act, CO UN T of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Tear, ending the 5th Day of

January 1795.

Customs

Exeifc

Stamps

INCIDENTS.

Consolidated Letter Money, 1787 '

D®.....Salt - - - - D®

Seizures since 25th October 1760 Proffers - -- - — - D° —

Letter Money - - -Alum Mines -

Compositions - -scent of a Light House Alienation Duty -

- D"

- D®

- D®

- D°

- D*

6d.Deduct.prr Lib. on Pensions, 24th June 1721 u. D® - - - Salaries, &c. jth April 1758 Houses and Windows, 10th 1766 —

Inhabited Houses, 1779 — —

Hawkers and Pedlars, 1710 — —

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, ift 1711 —

D

Male Servants -

Horses - - -, -

Four Wheel Carriages - -Two Wheel I)* -Arrears of Female Servants D® - - - Waggons -

D°. ----- Carts - -

D° ----- -Shops -

First Fruits of the Clergy Tenths - - - D*

1784

1785 D® D® D® D# D® D® D®

DUTIES 1791.

Sugars ——

British Spirits — —

Foreign D® — —

Malt — — —

Bills and Receipts — —

Game Duty — _ — »

£. 10 per Cent.on Assessed Taxes

DUTIES A* 1794.

British Spirits — — —

Foreign D° — — — .

Glass — — —

Attortiies Articles — —

Bricks, Customs — - —

Slates and Stones — — .

Bricks and Tiles — . —

Spirit Licences — —

Paper, Excise — —

D® - Customs — —

Total of Customs, Excise, and Stamps —

D® - - Incidents — - —

D® - - Duties, A* 1791 — —

D® - - Duties, A° 1794 — —

Grand Total — - —

Sn d.

— 1 3*378,640 II 65

7,175,629 18 5»

1,240,035 I 10

*»794>3°5 II IO

156,000 , 4U»*44 mmmm — -

— 3

— 27,407 3 li

— 628 10 3

— 291,029 18 1

480 — — *

— , Jt 6 *3 4

— a,53° *5 4

— 44*626 — —

— 3*985 — 9

— 327,826 9 7 i

— *47*944 4 7

— 2,609 6 4

— 11,000 — —

— 13,000 — —

— 93,926 7 2i

— 110,884 18 n

*5,»899 7 -i

— 3*553 8 3i

— 2,409 9 2 i

— 674 7 IOf

*35* 9 — r

— 118 *3 8

— 3»639 91

— 9,918 7 11

1,880,586 15 *1

mmm *34,*9a 6 t

— 109,783

— *39*075 10 6

500 —

— *53*494 11 10

*7»5«3 1 3

— 93*64 6 2i

£ 747*832 16 Si

- 65.503

— 84,335 — — *

— 23,068 — —

— 12,021 9

— 54*643 —

— 5, *»* 11 II

— 5a 15 10

— 31,000 — *

vti 10 8

fa 354,166 7 5

*i,794,305 11 4 *0

mmm ¥4 w GO GO O V vn 00 *5 *!

747*832 16 5i

354*66 7 S

I- 14,776,891 10 *o{

Exchequer, the 12th Day of January 1795.

Vol. L.

James

Ordered

Accounts of Produce of Customs, Excite, &c. to be printed.

Petition Ye-fnefting the Right of Election for Seafood.

Supply

deferred.

54 II" — 13*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

OrderedThat such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be.sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House*

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Five first of the Accounts which were presented to the House upon the 3d Day of this Instant January, by Mr. Roje, be printed, as ftull be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House*

A Petition of several Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Port, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said Town and Port in Parliament, on Behalf of themselvesi and other Electors for the said Town and Port, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That, upon the 19th Day of March 1792, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir Godfrey JVebfter, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, against the Return of Members' to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, reported to the House, that they had determined, " That the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the said Town and Port,

" paying Scotland Lot, and in such Inhabitants u Housekeepers onlyand that certain Persons, pretending to be Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, having, on the ad Day of January Instant, presented a Petition to this House, praying that they may be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that same lately made and provided, to oppose the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Seleft Committee have reported as aforesaid, and the Petitioners, infilling that the said Right of Election in Favour of which the said Select Committee have determined as aforesaid, is the true Right of Election for the said Town and Port of Seaford,therefore praying the House, That they may 'be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid; and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, shall be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought nCcefifary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum: .

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Town and Port of Seaford, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Januarii. A. 1795.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder further of Ways and Means for ralfing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 130 die Januarii;

Anno 35^ Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received, from Sir Charles Grey, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, the following Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 20th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament!

Martinico, November the 26th, 1794.

Sir,

By the Queen Charlotte Packet, arrived this Day, I received the Honour of your Letter of the 21st May last, with the Votes of Thanks from the House of Commons of Great Britain to me, and the Army under my Command.

We feel this flattering Testimonial of the Public Approbation of our Conduct, and the polite Terms of your Letter, Sir, by which it is communicated, as the most eminent Favour, and are thereby impressed with the warmest apd most lively Sense of Gratitude.

I have the Honour to be, with the greatest Respect,

Sir,

Your most obedient, and most humble Servant, Charles Grey.

P.S. A Note from Mr. King, Deputy Secretary of State, acquaints me that ypur Letter, with those Resolutions, has been so long detained there, in the Expectation of my Arrival in England.

- The Right Honourable H. Addington,

Speaker of the House of Commons, &c. &c. &c.

Mr. Speaker also acquainted the House, That he had received from Sir John Jervis, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, the following Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 20tk Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament:

Sir,

On the Arrival of the Queen Charlotte Packet, I am this Day honoured with your Letter, dated the 21st of May, transmitting the Resolutions of the House of Commons, so flattering to myself, and to the Officers, Seamen, and Marines, it was my good Fortune to command during the late Operations in these Seas; I shall lose no Time in communicating them to Rear Admiral Thompson, and to the Captains, Officers, Seamen, and Marines, who remain on the Leeward Island Station.

No Language I am Mailer of can express my Gratitude upon this Occasion; and I request you will do me the Honour to convey the same to the House in the fulleft Manner.

The very elegant Terms in which you, Sir, have been pleased to communicate these Resolutions claim a my

Way* anvl Means deferred.

Answer of Sir Chirks Grey to Vom of Thanks.

Answtr of Sir John Jervis to Vote of Thaoks.

Bury and H*f-Hngden Roads Petition*.

Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Petition reported*

35 Geo. III. 13° Januarii. 55

my warmest Thanks; and I have the Honour to be, with the greatest Respect,

Sir,

your most obedient,

and moll humble Servant*

Jervis,

Boyne, St. Pierre, Martinique*

a6th November 1794*

The Right Honourable Henry Addington, &c. &c. &c.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act «r for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering,

and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Hajlingden,

and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge,

in Blackburn, and also the Road from

" aforesaid, to the East End of Cockjhut , in the Town of Wballey, and also the Road from " den aforesaid, through New Church and to

" Todmorden, and for making a Road, from the said

Road, between Bury and , in the Town-

ftiip of Walmerfley to the River and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in the " County Palatine of Lancaster," as relates to the first District of Road by that Act intended to be amended* widened, turned, varied, altered, and kept in Repair, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Progress hath been made in putting the said Act in Execution with regard to the said first District of Road, and a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising within such District, remains due; and that the said Act, so far as the same relates to the said first District of Road, is in many Respects defective and insufficient, and the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor can the same District of Road be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof varied, altered, and enlarged, with respect to that District: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr, burne, dec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Charles Torke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interfiled in the Navigation of the River Ouze, to and from the Town of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and also, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes or Townships of

Colne, Somersham, Warboys, Wiftow, Berry, Ramsey with Higney, Pidley and Fenton, Bluntisham and Earith, Saint

Ives, Houghton and Witton, OBrough-

ton, Little Ravely, Upwood with Great Stand-ground, Farcett, Yaxley, Stilton, Caldicot, Denton, Glutton, Holme, Cunnington, Sawtrey All Saints, Sawtrey Saint Judith and Saint AndrewWoodwalton, Hadden,

Water new ton, Stibbingion with Sibfon, Woodftontj <and Flettoni in the County of Huntingdon; IJleham, Ford-ham, Swaffham Prior with Reach, Swaffham,

Burwell with Reach, Wickin, Soham, Barway, Bottifham, £>ui, Ditton, Horningfey, Waterbeach, Landbeach, tenbam, Rampton, Willingham, Over, and Swacey, in the County of Cambridge, Brandon, Wangford, Laken-heath, and Mildenhall,in the County of Suffolk 5 Wig-

genhall Saint Mary, Wiggenhall Saint German, Wiggen-ball Saint Peter, Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, West Lynn, Clenchwarton, Terrington Saint Clement, ton Saint John, Walpole Saint Peter, Walpole Saint Andrew, West Walton, Walfoken, Emneth, All , Tilney Saint Lawrence, Tilney cum Islington, South Lynn,

North RiintJofi, Hardwick and Setchy, Wormegay, bill, Watlington, Run51 on Holme, Thorpland, Stow -dolph, Wimbotsham, Downham MarketRoxbam, Denver,

Fordham, Hilgay, Southery, Feltwell Saint Mary, Felt-well Saint Nicholas, Hoekwold, Wilton, Methwold, North-wold, Oxburgh, Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Werebam, West Derebam, Outwell, Up well, and Welney, in the County of Norfolk} Elm, Outwell, Upwell, Welney, Maney, Stuntvey, Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary, Churcham otherwise Chettisham, Littleport, Strctbam, Thetford, Down-barn, Coveney, Witchford, Witcbam, Wingford or Wentworth, Wilburton, Haddenham, Mepal, Sutton, March,

Doddington with Wimblington, Chatteris, Whit-

tlefea Saint Mary, Whittlesea Saint Andrew, and within the life of Ely, and in certain Extra-parochial Places adjoining, or lying near to, the aforesaid Parishes or Townships, or some or one of them, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation and Drainage Bills (except so far as the same are dispensed with by the Order of the House of the 9th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament) had been complied with: And that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place) and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Mylne, Esquire, being examined, said. That the River Ouze, in the County of , is the great

Outfall for the Waters from the Middle and South Levels of the Fens, in the Country of and

divers other Lands which drain to Sea thereby, through the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk j and that Part of the River Ouze, between Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn aforesaid, is in a State very insufficient for the Purposes of a complete Drainage and safe Navigation, occasioned principally by the Channel or Bed of the said River being (too wide, and bending very considerably between the said Place called Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn. aforesaid, by reason whereof the Drainage of large Tracts of Land lying in the said Parishes or Townships is greatly impeded, and the Trade and Navigation to and from the Port of King's Lynn are materially injured* and that in order effectually to improve and alfift the Drainage of the said Lands, and to amend the Navigation to and from the said Port, it is necessary that a Cut, or River, of sufficient Dimensions to afford a free Passage for the Waters draining from the said Lands, and to answer the Purposes of Navigation, should be made to branch out of the said River Ouze, from the Common Salt Marsh, at or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County of Norfolk, and again to join the said River Ouze, at or near the Harbour of King's Lynn aforesaid; and thaj by Levels and Surveys lately taken and made, it appears that a Cut, or River, as above de. , feribed, may be made, and that he conceives the mak-

A ft on Abbots loclosure Peii-tion.

6 13 Januarii. 1795.

ing thereof, With such other Works as may be found requisite tb attain the Ends above-mentioned, would be highly beneficial to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the Districts above specified, and would tend greatly to promote the Trade and Commerce of the Town and Port of King's and of the adjacent Cptirttry.-i-Then,

William Creafy, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Expence of executing such Cut, or River, and other Works, may-with great F.afe and Convenience be provided for by Means of a Tax on the Lands to be benefited by the said Cut and Works, aided by a certain - Tonnage Duty on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize . navigated on the said Cur, or River.

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the-House, in relation to the Bill then depending before the House, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels, and other Purposes, when the Petition for the said Bill, which was presented to the House upon the lath Day of February last, and also the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the said Peticion was referred, were read, and the House came to several Resolutions thereupon, respetfting the Notices to be given, and other Matters, in case it should be thought expedient by the said Petitioners to renew their Application to this House, in the present Session of Parliament, for the specific Purposes dated in their Petition, and no other* and also, respecting the Consents and DifTents to be given to any such renewed Application in this Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels* Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels* as also the Lands adjoining or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's LyUn,in the said County, and for altering and

improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near a Place called Eau , in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze: And that Mr. Charles Torke, General Adeane, and Sir Charles,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Philip Earl of Chesterfield, the Reverend Joseph Smith, Clerk, ‘Thomas Hedges, George Elliott, William Smith, Daniel Elliott, and James Smith, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Aston Abbots, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields,' Old Inclosures, Orchards, Homesteads, Waste and other Commonable Lands, containing, in the whole, about 650 Statute Acres, which may be greatly improved in Value if divided into specific Allotments, according to each Person's Right and Interest therein, and in-Closed t And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Grenville and the Marquis of 'Litchfield do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir Henry Vane Baronet, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

John Tempest, Esquire, late of Wynyard, in the County Palatine of Durham, by his last Will and Testament, in(Writing, bearing Date on or about the 31st Day of July 1793, gave and devised all and singular his Manors, Freehold, Capital, and other Messuages or Tenements, Lands, Tythes, Collieries, Coal Mines, Seam and Seams of Coal, as well opened as not opened, and Hereditaments, with their respective Royalties, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, situate and arising in the County of Durham and City of Durham,

and in the Parish of Wajhinglon, and County of Durham aforesaid, to the Petitioner, by his then fsame and Description of the Testator's Nephew, Henry Vane, Esquire (the then only Son of trie Testaror's only Sifter, Dame Frances Vane,the Wife of the Reverend Sir Henry Vane, Baronet) for his Life, with Remainder to his First and other Son and Sons lawfully to be begotten in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over* And the said Testarordid direct, that his said Nephew, Henry Vane, and the several other Persons in the said Will described,. should, upon becoming entitled to the Possession of the Freehold or Inheritance of the said devised real Estates, take upon him and them respectively to use, and from thenceforth conrinue to use, in all Deeds, Letters, Accounts, arid other Writings where to or wherein he or they should be Party or Parties, or which he or they shall sign, the Surname of Tempest 3 and also should, and do quarter the Arms

of Tempest, with his or their Family Arm*; and should, within the Space of One Year next after his or their so becoming entitled, apply for, and endeavour to obtain, an Act of Parliament to enable him and them to take and bear the said Surname and Arms of

Tempest-, and that the Petitioner is become entitled to, and is in the Possession of the said Estates, and is willing and desirous that he may be enabled to take the Surname and bear the Arms of in Compliance

with the Directions of the said Will: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill tp enable the Petitioner to take and use the Surname and bear the Arms of Tempest, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Burdon, and Mr. Milbanke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Ele&orsof Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that the Select Committee, lately appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord the Kingdom of Irelandiand also, a Petition of several Inhabitants,

Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, severally complaining of an undue Election for the said City and Liberty, did, on the 6th Day of July 1789, report to this House,

" That it appeared to the Lid Select Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions did, in Part, depend " upon the Right of Election; the'Parties were there- fore required to deliver in Statements, in Writing,

of the Right of Election for which they respectively 1 " contended:

Upturn Inclosure Bill presented.

Tempfft'i Name Petition*

Petition from certainE le&ors of Westminster relpe&ittg the Right of Election.

55 Geo. III. 130 Januatit. 57

" contended: That, in Consequence thereof, the Pe-4‘ tioner. Lord Hoed, delivered in a Statement as follows — The Petitioner, Lord Hood, states the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scotland " Lot, within the United Parishes.of and Saint John, and the several Parishes of " Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint Janies, Saint " George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint " Martin It Grand, in the County of and

in so much of the Parishes of Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand,

" as are not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, called Temple «« Bar Ward, The Royal Ward The Middle and

PrecinSl of the.Savoy that the Electors Petitioners

" delivered in a Statement as follows-- — " The Electors Petitioners (late, That the Right of Election for the " City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants,

" Householders paying Scotland Lot, within the " United Parishes of Saint Margaret and John,

in the several Parishes of Saint Paul Covent Garden,

" Saint Am, Saint James, Saint George Hanover,

* in the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grandi in the County of Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as are not within any of the Four W ards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster, called, The Temple Bar Ward, The " Royal Ward, The Middle Ward, and Preeintt of the «« Savoy-," that the Sitting Member, Lord John Townshend, delivered in a Statement, fis follows — " The * Right of Election is in the Inhabitants, Uou^e- holders' of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and " John, Saint George Hanover Square, Saint James minster. Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint Mary le Savoy, Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann Sobo, and the " District o D-Saint Martin le Grand — -" That, upon

the Statement delivered in by the Petitioners, the " said Select Committee have determined, *« That the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders

paying Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes " of Saint Margaret and S John, and the several Parishes of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint , Saint James, Saint George Hanover Square, in the

Vol L.

" Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, in the County of " Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of Saint " Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint " Mary le Strand, as are not within any of the Four " Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of — That, upon the Statement delivered in by the " Sitting Member, the Committee have determined,

" That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said " Statement, is not the Right of Election fof the said " City and Liberty of Westminster " and that the Petitioners are advised, and humbly insist, that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is not the ancient and true Right of Election for the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election, which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and that the Petif tioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of the same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 3d Day of Mareb next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the PartieSj on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr.

Speaker, in The London Gand also sent ' to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, pursuant ordnanwfeftf-to their Address to His Majesty, mateprefcnted,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1795 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth

Q_ EXPENCE

5«

130 Januarii. A. 1795.

EXPENCE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, and

not provided for by Parliament;

On Account of 1793. ‘ BERMUDA. £ s' d.

Paid on Account of Current Service, and Contingencies - — — 180 16 9

BAHAMA ISLANDS. Paid on Account of Current Service, and Contingencies — — — I,6lO 13 2

WEST INDIES. Paid for Contingencies on Account of the Expeditions from the S‘ Leeward Islands, and from Jamaica — — ' — 190126 Paid on Account of necessary Works for the Security of the different Islands, and for erecting temporary Barracks and Hospitals for the Reception of the Troops — — — 17,459 17 8 FLANDERS. 17,650 IO 2

Paid on Account of Contingencies — r- r-i < — 813 l8 2

DEFENCE OF H COASTS. Paid towards repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and for the Purchase of Ground for that Purpose — — - 990 2 3 Paid for providing temporary Barracks for the Troops on the Coasts 5,020 15 10 SCOTLAND. 6,010 18 I

Paid towards Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, Current Service, and Contingencies - — 4,963 6 2

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY. Paid for Bread and additional Clothing for Artillery, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - - - - 650 17 1

TOULON. Paid on Account of Contingencies - 474 2 2

SALT PET RE. Additional Price on Account of the War, on 200 Tons purchased of the East India Company for Land Service - 1,800 — —

' 34.155 9

For the Purchase of Salt Petre, Ordnance and Stores, and Expences incurred in the several Ports in Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations on Account of the Navy, beyond the Grants by Parliament for that Service, for the Year 1793 — — 25.357 14 5

Carried to Fol. 61. — £ 59,512 16 2

On

3.5 Geo. III.

130 Janiiarii.

On Account of 1794;

FLANDERS.

Bract and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, Tents, and other Stores, exclusive of Freight — — —

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores, for a Battering Train of Artillery, exclusive of Freight —

Paid on Account of the Purchase of Horses for the Train of Artillery, Pay of Civil Officers, and Contingencies — — —

Pay of a Military Corps of Cotjnmissary Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Drivers, serving with the Royal Artillery, now employed in the Low Countries, from ift November to 31st December 1794, inclusive} also Levy Money for the same — —

1 *9*334 18 — 192,636 14 2

55>2996 5 7,546 14 —

EXPEDITION under-the Command of Sir CHARLES GREF.

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn by Order of the Commander in Chief of the Expedition, for the Value of Ordnance and Stores captured at the Islands of Mdrtlnico and St. Lucia — —

Powder, Bedding for Temporary Barracks, Artificers Tools, Iron Ordnance, Shot, and other Stores, sent for Defence of the several Islands in the West Indies — —

86,613 1 6

— — 12,650 7 11

EXPEDITION under the Command of the Earl of MOIRA.

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, and other Stores; also Pack Saddles, and other Articles for Bat Horses ——

STORES PREPARED FOR FOREIGN SERVICE.

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, Small Arms, and other Stores —

NEWFOUNDLAND.

Iron Ordnance, Powder, Small Arms, Bedding, and other Stores sent — —

HALIFAX.

Small Arms, and other Stores sent " ——

QUEBEC.

Small Arms, and other Stores sent - —

BAHAMA ISLANDS.

Paid for Current Service, and Contingencies ——

TOULON.

Iron Ordnance, and Stores sent

CORSICA.

Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores sent 19,058 6 10

Paid on Account of Contingencies —

GIBRALTAR.

For a Supply of Stores sent for the Garrison — —

For Timber and Building Materials for the Works —

— 4*1 19 7

— 21,265 4 7

— 9»423 13 7

J E R S E r.

Powder, Small Arms, Bedding for the Troops, and other Stores sent ——

GUERNSET.

Bedding for the Troops sent - — ' ——

ALDERNET.

Bedding for the Troops sent - —

59

£. s. d.

374,817 12 7

99*2*3 9 5 11,921 2 11

2*327 *3 2 4,i39 9 3 667 5 9

13,219 1 6

*99 3 3 1,637 6 9

19,470 6 5

30,688 18 2

<2,322 5 9 884 12 6

SS4 <4 For

6 o

130 Januarii.

For Barrack Bedding sent to the eft'ablished Bar-' racks at — —

Portsfmouth — —

Chatham and Up — Sheerne/s — —

Gravesend and Tilbury —

Woolwich — —

Knightsbridge — —

Pendenn'ts — —

Batteries oh the Coast of Suffix Dover — —

Scotland — —

Berwick — —

Clifford 'j Fort —

Scarborough — —

w Landguard Fort —

646 5 d.

— 4,529 3 3

— .537 9

— 45 6 11

— 4,446 3 11

— *30 5 —

— 455 3 5

— 69 14 7

— *35 *7 6

— 4*5 *3 3

— 637 *5 3

— . 633 6 6

— 260 — 3

— 321 1 — *"

A. 1795-

' £ d-

9,263 18 IO

DEFENCE OF THE COASTS.

Paid on Account of Temporary Barracks for the Troops', and providing Bedding for the (pe — — — . —

Paid towards repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and putting them in a State of Defence ——

Paid on Account oft I?'vlr *nd — - ~

-itZf - Z

Iron Ordnance and Stores for Defence of the several Batteries on the Coasts - —

Ammunition and Stores for Defence of the Batteries in Scotland Iron Ordnance and Stores for Gun Boats — — —

8,036 *3 IO

8,7*9 — I

*0,331 *9 X

5*212 1 6

2,500 —

8,067 16 S

*,*43 — 10

2,098 2 9

46,108 14 6

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY AND ENGINEERS.

Pay of an Augmentation, of One Marching Battalion, confuting of Field and Staff Officers, and Five Companies of Artillery, to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from 14th August to 31st December

*7 94 ——

Allowance for Bread and additional Clothing for the said Augmen-

Pay of an Augmentation of 122.Men and 144 Horses to the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, from 12th July to 31st December 1794, tnclusive ——

Puv of an Augmentation of Two Troops to the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, and of One Collarmaker to each of the Four Troops already established, from 9th Septem to 31st 1794, inclusive — — ~ —

£. s. d.

4,027 9 9

9,636 4 — -

For the Purchase of Horses, Levy Money, Arms, and Accoutrements, Gun Carriages, Ammunition, and Baggage Waggons, Forge Carts, and Harness for the said Augmentations of the Brigade of Rdyal Horse Artillery — —

Paid for Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Royal Military Artificers in Barracks in Great Britain

Pay of a Corps of Captain, Commissaries, and Drivers, attached to the Parks of Artillery serving in from ift November to

31st December 1794, and of a Staff Establishment for Bat Horses lor each Regiment of Foot at present serving in , from 9th

September to 31st December 1794, lnclusive,"with Levy Money for the same - _

8,397 11 4

418 12 8

13,663 13 9

34»483 ——

4,7*5 3

21,203 12 10

Pay

35 Geo. III.

130 Jama

Pay of One Company of Royal Irish Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, from ift August to 31st December 1794, inclusive — Pay of Two Half Battalions of French Emigrant Artillery, confiding of 38 Field and Staff Officers, 8 Companies of Artillery, and 8 Companies Of Drivers, in the Service of Great , from

ift November to 31st December 1794, inclusive — —

Levy Money, Arms, and Accoutrements for the said Corps of French Emigrant Artillery ——

Additional Pay of Draughtfmen on the Establishment of the Drawing Room in the Tower, from ift April to 31st December 1794 — Ordnance, Ammunition Waggons, and Stores for the Five Parks of Artillery, and for the Battalion Guns attached to the Regiments of Foot and Militia in Great Britain j also for Tents and Camp Equipage for Artillery ——

s.

1,017 9 —

5.3*4 15 8

5>353~i3 4 431 17 6

55.^66 *3 5

a* *

148,866 — 9

ARMS, TENTS, AND A MMU NIT 1 THE ARMY,

Arms issued to sundry Regiments of Dragoons and Foot, to sundry Troops of Yeomanry Cavalry, and Volunteer Companies of Infantry, to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers, and to sundry Regiments of French Emigrants — Tents to the Horse and Dragoon Guards, and to sundry Regiments of Dragoons and Foot ——

Ammunition to sundry Regiments for Service —

Forge Carts to sundry Regiments of Cavalry ——

108,801 16 5

21,717 17 — 1,226 14 9

749 2 6

132,495 10 8

ARMS, TENTS, AMMUNITION, AND BAT HORSES FOR

MILITIA.

Arms'delivered to sundry Regiments of Militia — —

Tents supplied to sundry Regiments of Militia — —

Ammunition delivered to sundry Regiments of Militia for Exercise and Service ——

Purchase of Bat Horses, Pack Saddles, and other Articles; also for the Hire and Forage of Bat Horses — — —

Paid for the Purchase of Lands and Tenements at Rotherhithe, for Workshops - .

11,954 5 1

33,668 18 8

i>6S3 8 —

26,958 7 10

S

74.234 19 7 7,160 ——

WOOLWICH.

For erecting Barracks for Officers and Men of the Royal Horse Artillery, and additional Storchouses and Stables — — 11,616 6 2

Extraordinary Expences of Labourers and Artificers at the Royal

Laboratory - — 2,350 — —

SALTPETRE.

Paid into the Court of Admiralty for Salt Petre received into His Majesty's Stores, taken from on Board sundry Neutral Vessels captured by His Majesty's Ships of

For the Purchase of Salt Petre, Ordnance, and Stores, and Expences incurred in the several Ports of Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, on Account of the Navy, so far as Bills have appeared, to 22d December 1794, beyond the Allowance for Sea Service, on the Vote for 85,000 Seamen for 1794 — . — —

13,966 6 2

>4.597 7 >

39»387 — 3

Bro‘ forw4 from Fol. 58. on Acco* of 1793

1,084,692 19 11 59,512 16 2

Total, Unprovided

I-

' 1,144,205 16 1

Vol.L.

R ESTIMATE

6z

; 13° Januarii.

J. 1795.

E S TIM A T E of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1795*

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Matter General, Principal Officers, Clerks, s'

and Attendants employed at the Tower — — — 15,509 18 —

And at the following Places; viz*.

Laboratory at Woolwichand for proving Powder — Inspector of Artillery at D®, and for proving Guris — Superintendant of Military Machines at D® —

Hampton Courts and St. , and

Greenwich ——

Woolwich ' — — ~ —

Pur fleet - — —

Gravesend and Tilbury — —

- Chatham — — —

Upnor Castle -J. ——

Sheerness ——

Feversham ——

Waltham Abbey ——

Portsmouth ——

Priddy's Hard ——

- Plymouth — — — . —

Key ham Point . — * — — — .

{Pendennis, Scilly IslandsCheflet and

Berwickv Carlisle, Tinmouth and Clifford's Forty

Hull, Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort — —

Guernsey ——

Jersey ——

Isle of Man , ——

Rent for Use of Land and Houses

2,076 5 —

L377 12 6 3*° 5 —

226 — —

57o ——

605 2 6

255 ——

663 17 6

144 1$ —

3$o ——

583 17 6 5*3 !7 6

120 ——

823 17 6 3°3 *7 6 653 *7 6

170 — —

43° — —

448 a 6 448 2 6

100 — —

— — — 520 17 —

£.27,245 5 — £

Pay of Civil Officers, and Artificers at —

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service — —

~ North Britain — — — __

Gibraltar — — _

Corsica ——

St.Christopher — — — __

Dominica — — — — _

St. Vincent — — . — — —

Barb a does — — — _

Grenada — — — — __

Martinico — — — — __

Bahama Islands — — — — ___

New Brunswick — — — ___

_St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland — —

Pay of Matter Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles - — .

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places tinder the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Pottage of Letters, and other Contingencies — — . — . —

s, d.

13,622 12 6

554 10 — L381 7 6 584 ——

273 *5 —

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 — — 584 — —

584 ——

584 — — 219 — — 861 15 — 680 10 — 91 5 ~

629 12 6

693 10 —

3,416 17 6

18,000 — —

Ordinary

15 Geo. lit.

13b Janu

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, S.torehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several small Forts, Cadies, Garrisons, and other Places under the Ordnance, in Great , Guernsey, and Jersey —

Furnishing Beds, Beddeads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the same at the several Barracks, Forts, Cadies, and Garrisons in Great Britainand 'jersey — —

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and 5mall Stores for the Common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey — — —

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower ——

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers — — —

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 5,885 Men,

Officers included - — 162,056 19 2

Pay of a Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, confiding of 1,199 Men,

Officers included, and 1,572 Horses — — — 88,752 5 —

Pay of Fird Gunners dill remaining on the War Establishment — 492 15 —

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Maders of the Royal Military

Establishment of Draughtfmcn in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain,

and Foreign Garrisons —

Pay of superannuated and disabled Men, Half Pay of reduced Officers, Widows Pen-iions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty's

Sums to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of £. 2,321,010. 13. 10. being the Amount of this Edimate ——

£ s'

15,000 — —

4»379 4 7

6,oco — —

2)003 — —

12,282 5 —

251,301 19 2

2,327 15 — 2,626 17 6

20,125 4 —

3,665 ——

Ordinary

365i973 — 3

EXTRAORDINARIES. 1795.

NEWFOUNDLAND.

For Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers,

Current Service, and Contingencies — — — 2,546 £ 10

For Fuel for the TroOps at St. John's, Placentia, St. Pierre, and

Miquelon - — 2,000 — —

NOVA SCOTIA.

For Current Service, and Contirtgencies —

QUEBEC.

For Current Service, and Contingencies > —

BERMUDA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies —

BAHAMA ISLANDS. For Current Service, and Contingencies —

ANTIG U A.

For Current Service, and Contingencies —

ST. CHRISTOPHER*. For Current Service, and Contingencies

£. r.

4,546 2 16

2,000 — —

3.056 14 3

2,000 — —

3,000

4,000 — —

4,000 — —

For

64

130 Januariu

DO MINI

for Current Service, and Contingencies —

BARBADOES

For Current Service, and Contingencies — — i-

ST. VINCENT.

For Current Service, and Contingencies . ——

GRENADA.

For Current Serf ice, and Contingencies — . > — — —

TOBAGO.

For Current Service, and Contingencies — — —

MARTINICO.

For Current Service, and Contingencies

ST. LUCIA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

On Account of the Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, and £. s^ d. Drivers, with a Train of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces, under the Command of Sir Charles Grey in the West Indies — 20,000 — —

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other'

Stores - 23,76a 18 5

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers^ for Service of the Islands in general —

G IB R ALT AR.

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers — —

Forage for the Cattle employed on the Works — —

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements-of the Works — For Repairs of the Barracks, Officers Quarters, Store-houses, and Magazines ——

Contingencies in the Engineer's Department — —

Contingencies in the Artillery and Storekeeper's Departments —

4,492 10 10

2,280 ——

16,800 — —

2,600 ——

2,000 ——

1,827 9 2

CORSICA.

On Account for Repairs, Works, and Contingencies — —

Pay of a Company of French Emigrant Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 78 Men, Officers included, also Levy Money and Arms for the same — — — — .

For a Supply of Stores — — — .

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — - —

JERSEY.

For Repairs and Contingencies — — . — 2,000 — —

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers — — 962 — 10

20,000 — —

2,542 10 4

10,000 — — 1,924 1 8

GUERNSEY.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs

at other Places in the Island . — — — 3,000 — —

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers — — 962 — 10

SCO T L

For Repairs of the several Forts, Cadies, and Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, and Contingencies - —

NORTH-EAST DISTRICT.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

LANDGUARD PORT.

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

A. 1795*

£ ' *

4.000 ~ —

5.000 — —

4.000 — —

4*oooo — —

2.000 — —

6.000 — -

3.000 — —

43,762 18 5 1,924 1 8

30,oqo — —

44,466 12 —

2.962 — 10

3.962 — 10

9.000 — —

1.000 — —

2.000 — —

For

35 Geo. III.

13° Januarii.

CINQUE PORTS.

For Repairs, New Works at Dover Cojlle, and on the Heights of Dover, Current Service, and Contingencies — . ' ——

CHATHAM.

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham, Upnor Castle, Cockbamwood, and Howness, Current Service, and

Contingencies — — . — — —

For Repairs of the Lines — — — . —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — - —

£. s. d.

4)B88 16 S

*>743 13 5 1,924 1 8

SHEERNESS.

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Works, Current Service, and Contingencies —

GRAVESEND AND TILBURY.

For Repairs of the Works- — — .. __ —

FEVERS HAM.

For Repairs of the Buildings

PORTSMOUTH.

— — — — 7»S°° ——

1.000 — —

3.000 ——

1,924 1 8

For Repairs of the Old Works and other Buildings at and

various Places in the Division For necessary Repairs to complete and improve the Old Works round the Town ——

In further Part of the Charge for completing Cumberland Fort — Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

GOSPORT.

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines — —

In further Part of the Charge to continue the Sea Wall, erecting in Front of Haflar Hospital to Fort Monckton, in order to prevent the Sea from breaking into Haflar Lake, and to make the Ground equally solid in all Parts behind the said Wall — —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

PLYMOUTH.

For Repairs of the Barracks, Lines, and Citadel, and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, , and St. Mavis Castles,

and at ScillyIJland, Current Service, and Contingencies —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ~ —

TORBAY.

Towards the Works on The Berry Head for the Defence of Torbay

WOOLWICH.

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters — For erecting additional Barracks, Hospital, Storehouses, and Stables for the Royal Artillery ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — — —

ROYAL LABORATORY.

Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

WALTHAM ABBEY.

For Repairs of Buildings ——

DEFENCE OF THE COASTS.

For repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and putting them in a State of Defence — —

PENDENNIS.

For the Purchase of the Castle with the Lands contiguous thereto, at present rented by Government ' — —

Vol. L. S

3>*«o — —

1,000 — - — 1,924 1 8

7,075,18 4 1,924 1 8

2,075 18 4

18,000 — — 1,924 1 8

65

J,. s. d.

23,625 13 10

9,556 «i 9

9.000 — —

12,000 — —

4.000 — —

13,424 1 8

6,724 1 8

9,000 — —

15,000 — —

22,000 — — . 9,000 — —

3,000 — —

15,000 — —

I 2, OOp - —

ROYAL

6'6

13° Janu.

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTIL, CORPS OF

ROYAL MILITARY ARTIFICERS.

For Contingencies of Artillery ——

Fof Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery — For the Purchase of a Horse and Accoutrements for an Augmentation of One Quarter-Master Serjeant to the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery ——

Allowance for Bread and additional Clothing, for the Royal Artillery in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey — — —

Allowance for Bread and additional Clothing, for the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery in Great Britain ——

Allowance for Bread and additional Clothing, for the Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain, Guernsey, and — — On Account for Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers in Barracks in England — Pay of Six Companies of Royal Irish Artillery in the Service of Great confiding of 600 Men, Officers included — —

Pay of Two Half Battalions of French Emigrant Artillery in the Service of Great Britainfconfiding of 38 Field and Staff Officers,

8 Companies of Artillery, and 8 Companies of Drivers —

For the Purchase of Draught Horses, and for Contingencies of the Corps of French Emigrant Artillery — — —

Pay of a Corps of Captain, Commissaries, and Drivers attached to the Parks of Artillery ierving in Englan, and of a Staff Establishment for Bat Horses for each Regiment of Foot at present serving in England ——

On Account for the Purchase of Horses for the Parks of Artillery in England, and for Contingencies . — — —

MIL IT I A,

On Account for the Purchase, Hire, and Forage of Bat Horses

I. d.

6,600 ——

3,000 ——

45 12 5

8,077 19 7

3»484 19 7 1,768 14 — 5,000 — — 14,563 10 —

31,863 8 4

I5>5*4 ——

61,702 2 6

40,000 — —

FLANDERS.

Pay of a Military Corps of Commissary, Officers, and Drivers serving with the Royal Artillery in the Low Countries On Account for the Pujchafe of Horses, and for Contingencies, of a Train of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Low Countries - —

Pay of Two Companies of Royal Military Artificers — —

— — 18,835 7 6

20,000 ——

3>848 3 4

SMALL ARMS.

For the Supply of Regiments

t SALT PET RE.

For the Purchase of 200 Tons for Land Service, from the East India Company —

Extraordinaries —

Ordinary — —

Ordinary and Extraordinaries — —

Unprovided

-1

f Land Service ‘7« {Sea Servict X Land Service Sea Service

— 34.155 1 9

— 25,357 14 5

— 1,045,305 19 8

— 39.387 — 3

A. 1795.

£. s. d.

191,630 6 5

80,000 — —

42,683 10 10

135>5°7 — 6

8,000 ——

810,831 17 6

365>973 — 3

1,176,804 17 9

1,144,205 16 1

2,321,010 13 10

Office of Ordnance,

13th January 1795.

IF. Howe, G. Berkeley, J. Sargent,

Tho: Baillie.

Ordered,

Committee cm Male Bill.

Committee on LanU Tax Bill.

35 Geo. III. 130 — 14

. . I

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Inftfuftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1795, of the Incomes of the DutSes'on Malt granted for the Year 1793, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1795.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1793, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1795.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provisiori in the said Bill for relieving Widows and Children of certain Officers of His Majesty's Navy from the Payment of the Rates and Assessments charged on the Pensions granted to such Widows and Children.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee*-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Januarii. 67

Mer cur'd, 14°;

Anno 35® Georgii III'" Regis, 1795.

Prayers! .

AP.ETITI.ON of the Honourable Edward Foley and Eliza Maria , his Wife, and Mary Whit by. Widow, the said Eliza Maria Foley Foley and Mary Whitby being Ladies of the Manor of Great

Barr and Aldridge, in the Parish of Aldridge, in the County of Stafford, and, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, and also of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being also Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, and having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the same Manor, for and on Behalf of them!elves 2nd others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and ParilT), a certain Common or Waste, called Barr Beacon, and other Commons and Waste Lands,

containing in the Whole, by L ftimation, 2,200 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, afford very little Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, but, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested, a very confi lerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof; And therefore piaying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Commons and Waste Lands to and amongst: the several Persons interested therein-, in such Proportions^ under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet!

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir Edward Littleton arid Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

f p )

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Parc of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or.near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or hear to, the River Ouze, in the Colinty of Norfolk,draining through the same to

Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said. County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of IViggenhall Saint,

in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Intituled, " An Act for deepening, " cleansing, and making more commodious, the *f Harbour of Aberdeen, for erecting new Piers and " Quays therein, and for regulating Ships and Vessels " trading into and going out of the said Harbour and that tonflderable Progress has beeri iriadein making the Works, and executing the Powers thereby granted, more particularly in building, at a great Expencej a principal North Pier at the Entrance of the said Harbour, and other frnaller Piers adjacent; and sundry Sums have been borrowed for those Pur-§ poses,

Aldridge Inclosure Ptti-tion.

fenii Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill presented.

AterdeenKar- bour Petition*

Malt Bill reported.

68 140 Januarii. A. 1795*

poses, but the said Piers cannot be kept in Repair, nor many useful and essential Improvements in the said Harbour completed, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers and Authorities, thereby granted, continued and enlarged, and some Alterations made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall feerh meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConOderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direffed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question several put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Land Tax Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported, granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by EfKmsteof His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge cf Foreign Troops in the rented. Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1795.

'And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Troops in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1795.

HANOVERIANS. — —

Recruiting, Artillery, and Contingent Charges —

TROOPS belonging to the Landgrave of

HESSE CASSEL, — —

Subsidy — — —

Additional CORPS of Two Brigades of

HESSIAN Artillery — —

Pay ——

Subsidy — — — —

TROOPS belonging to the Landgrave of

HESSE DARMSTADT -

Subsidy — — —

TROOPS belonging to the Duke of

BRUNSWICK — -

Levy Money ——

Subsidy — — . — —

Charges of Marching, and Equipping of Officers —

Numbers.

War Office,

13 th January 1795.

Total —

IV. Windham.

18,000

12,000

53*

3>o°o

2,289

Charge for 365 Days.

388,172

107,483

35*820

223,099

84,210

9,872

16,072

55*774

20,302

17*659

*5.565

45>°-2

*3.996

495,655 ——

333*a53 — *~

76,076 ——

92,242 ——

997,226 ——

Ordered,

53

Wed.

3ay« and earn defer* ted*

14° — 15® Januarii.

69

35 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will^ upon Friday Morning next, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 150 die;

Anno 350 Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1795. Prayers.

able Improvement, aftdfewdutd be advantageous to the several Persons inrerested in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and, other Commonable. Land?, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specrftc Parts thereof allotted, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Properties therein; and that it would be highly beneficial to the Proprietors and intearfted Persons, if the Lands within the said Parish, now subject to Tythe, or a Modus, or Composition in lieu thereof, were discharged of the same by feme Sort of Compensation to be made instead thereof: And. therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures., and Other Commonable Lands, and for rendering the fame, and all other Lands within the said Parish, exempc from Tythe, Modus, and Composition, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, porfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Captain Berkeley do prepare, and taring in, the fame.

- MaltonWiit; Q R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue hfs

Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elcfting of a Burgess, to- serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Mai ten, in the County of York, in the room of Richard Burke, Elqvire, deceased.

Malt Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundfed and Ninety-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, ar\d‘ Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. "

Land Tax Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third *act*,‘ Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, for granting an

Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Httfeid in A Petition of John Parker, Esquire, and the several cjofure, in other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors and Persons interested of and in the Lands within the Parish. of Hasfield, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting ' forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common PastureS; and other Commonable Lands; and that the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation, are incapable of any consider-Vojl. L. '

Mr, Attar dyce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Aberdeen, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening,

" cleansing, and making mpre commodious, the Har-boor of Aberdeen, for erecting new Piers and Quays therein, and for regulating Ships and Vessels trad-« ing into, and going out of, the said Barbour,*' was read 5 And,

Mr. Thomas Longlands being examined, said, That Considerable Progress has been made in the Works, and in executing the Powers, thereby granted, and-sundry Sums of Money have been borrowed for those Purposes; but the Piers cannot be kept in Repair, nor many useful Improvements in the Harbour completed, uplefs the Term of the Act is further continued, and the Powers thereby granted enlarged, and feme Alterations made in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *.* An Act for, deepening, cleansing, and making more commo- dious, the Harbour of Abefor erecting new " Piers and Quays therein, and for regulating Ships *« and Vessels trading into', and going out of, the said " Harbour :" And that Mr. and Mr. Fer-

gujon do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Aberdeen Harbour Petition reported*

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor presented to the House, Tempest'* according to Order, a Bill to enable Sir Henry Vane,

Baronet, to take the Surname and Arms of F

pursuant to the Will of John Tempest, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kirkcudbright the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the clefting of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, in the room of Major General Alexander Stewart, deceased.

T The

7°

15° — 16°

A.

795

Kill to continue Ati for secur* ing fuipc£Ud Pcilous older* ed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to lecure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Periun and Government," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in & Bill to continue the said Act for a Time to be limited;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Attorney Ge-' neral,

Mr. Solicitor General:

Mr. Sheridan,

Tellers for the Noes, Mr.

Tellers for the Yeas

i.

of

71*

r Mr. Sheridan, 1

s, < Mr. Whitbread, Ju- >

(. nior: J

*3*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fiine, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir JVatkin Mr. Alderman Ar.iierfon, See.: And they are to meet upon -day Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: and have Power to lend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Petition from

tefier, and Suburbs thereof, whole.Names are there- rr^fttehre unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Worcdfr read} Setting forth,-That the Petitioners are informed, AvenueBiH. that a Petition is intended to be presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for levying additional Tolls 09 the London and Upton Turnpike Gates near the City of

Worcester; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive the intended double Toll will be very burthensome to many Individuals in the said City, as well as injurious to Traffick, and Travelling on the said Roads, and to all the adjacent Country j and, the proposed

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Objects of the Bill being more for the Purpose of or-General, and Mr. Serjeant Adair, do prepare, and r.amenting an Entrance into the said City than the

bring in, the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Supply

dcfcircd.

House resolvcs to adjourn to T ueiday.

Petition for widening the Passaget at Temple Bar and Snow Hill.

general Improvement of the Roads, therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of

fi:o in the County of and also of the Merchants and Farmers attending the Markets there, and using the Roads leading to the City of Worcester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for levying additional Tolls on the London, and Gates, near the City of and that many of

the Inhabitants of the Town *»nd Neighbourhood of Perfijore earn their Living by rearing Vegetables, »ntl carrying them in Carts, and on Horl'es, to Market iU the City of Worcester, moftofwhom being Peti'ons in low Circumstances, the Petitioners fear they will be most materially injured iliould the intended Bill become a Law; and the Petitioners are also apprehensive the intended double Toll will be partial, and a heavy Burthen on them, the proposed Object of the Bill being more for the Purpose of ornamenting an Resolved, That this Houfp will, at the Rising of Entrance into the City of Worcester than the general

Pennon from Perlhore against D° Bill.

Veneris, 16° die Januarii;

Anno 35* Georgii III*14 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

THE OMer of the bay being read, for the House to rfcfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve. itself into the said Committee.

the House this Day, adjourn till Morning

next.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the principal Avenue of Communication between the Cities of London and Westminster, by Temple Bar, and the other Avenue, between the City of London, and the New Buildings towards the North and West, by Snow Hill, are much too narrow for the increased Trade and

Improvement of the Roads: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Bur- Petition from geffes, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Evesham, and also of the principal Merchants, Farmers, and others, attending the Markets at Evesham, and using the Roads leading to the City of Worcester, was like-wife presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners being informed a Petition is intended to be presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for levying additional Tolls on the and Upton

Turnpike Gates near the City of Worcester, and being apprehensive the intended double Toll will be partial, and a heavy Burthen on the Petitioners, and the proposed Object of the Bill being more for the Pur-

Population of the Metropolis, and very incommodious pose of ornamenting an Entrance into the City of and dangerous to Passengers; and that the Petitioners Worcester than the general Improvement of the Roads, conceive that the widening and improving the said ' 1 1 1 ‘ *

Passages, and making proper Communications therewith, Would be a very great Advantage and Accommodation to the Public in general, and afford additional Security to the Lives and Property of His Majesty's Subjects: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and improving 'the said Passages, and making proper Communications therewith, and for defraying the Expence thereof, in such Manner as to the House shall Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa-

therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to amend and render effectual so much of an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to improving the Entrance into the City of H'orcefier from the London and Upton

Roads, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Seventh 5 Year

KLenfington Chelsea, and Fulha^m, &c. Roads, Ptstride.

35 Geo. III. i6° Januarii. 71

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Repairing several Roads in the Parishes of,

Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the Counjy of Midwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, arid several other Roads adjoining, or near thereto, are by the said Act put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners, with Power to light and water certain Parts only of the said Roads, and to pave the Carriage Way of the High Street in the Town of Kensington, and Provision is made by the said Act for paving the Foot Paths on the Sides of the said Carriageway, and for lighting and watching the said High Street, and certain other Parts of the said Town; and that a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to becollefted on the said Roads, and the said Tolls are also charged with the Payment o(£. 1,000 per Annum to the Commissioners for paving the Streets within the City and Liberty of nrinster, to enable them to keep in Repair Part of the Street, or Road, called Piccadilly, from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Park Lane to the North End of Hertford Street, which were heretofore under the Management of the Petitioners; and Representing to the House, that Robberies, and other Outrages, are frequently committed upon the said Roads in the Night Time, which the Petitioners apprehend might, in a great Measure, be prevented, if the said Roads were properly lighted and watched, and it would be a great Convenience to Travellers if the same were properly watered; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the produce of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads is insufficient to enable the Petitioners to pay the said Annual Sum of £. 1,000, and the Interest of the Money borrowed, and effectually to amend and widen the said Roads and Foot Paths, and to keep the same in Repair, and to light, watch, and water the said Roads; and that, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some of the Tolls thereby granted increased, and some further Powers given to the Petitioners, the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected: That a shall Part of a certain Lane in Kenfmgtcn,called Church Lane, and also a certain Street, called Sloane Street, leading from Krdghtfbridgeinto the Road adjoining to the Burial Ground belonging to Chelsea (which are not

comprized in the said Act) might be better and more conveniently repaired, lighted, watched, and watered, if the same were, for those Purposes, put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners; and it would be of Public Utility if a small Piece of Road, containing about One hundred and Sixty Yards in Length, lying between the King's Arms Inn, in Fulham aforesaid, and the Entrance in the King's Private Road, leading from Fulham to Place,was

properly repaired, lighted, watched, and watered; and that, in order to render the several Roads, before mentioned, in all Parts sufficiently wide for the Safety and Convenience of Passengers, it will be necessary to take down a certain Public House and Premifies, called The Half Way House, situate between Knigltjbridge and Kenfngtcn, now or late in the Occupation of liam Money, and also, certain other Houses, and Buildings, situate between the Church Yard in Kenftngton aforesaid, and a certain Field or Piece of Ground in the Occupation of Helm, on the North Side of

the Great Western Road, now or late in the Occupations of Francis Brothers, Francis Sadler, John Charlton, John Amis, Me firs. Beer and Bardin, Henry and

Thomas Key, and also, certain other Pioufes, Buildings, and Premifies, from the House in the Occupation of Hermon, Plumber and Glazier, to the Corner of King Street, and from the House occupied by

Jarvis Beckitt, Pawnbroker, to the House occupied by Davis, Poulterer, on the South Side of the said Great Wefiern Road, in the Town of Kefir ton aforefdd, and also. Seven Cottages, or Tenements and Premifies situate on the West Side of Church Lane aforesaid, from the Corner of Parfcn's Yard and the Corner of Duke's Lane aforesaid, in the Road leading to Campden House, as the same are now or late in the several Occupations of John Willis, Jonathan Oxlade, Janies Denham, Good, William Sharp, Philip

Neafby, and George Dean, and also, Four Messuages of Tenements, at the Entrance of the Town of Futbam aforesaid, on the South Side of the Road leading from Walham Green to Fulham, now or late in the several Occupations of Richard Redmond, John Henflead, John Wells, and Thomas Ashby, and also, a Tenement adjoining to the King's Arms Inn, in the Town of Fulham aforesaid, now or late in the Occupation of Joseph Clements, Peruke Maker, and also, the Western Gateway and Out-Buildings belonging to the King's Arms Inn aforesaid, and also, about Fifteen Feet in Front of the West End of the said King's Arms Inn and Pre-miflfes aforesaid, in a Bevel Line, to the Corner of a Malt House in the Occupation of John Burl, and also, certain other Premifies belonging to or in the Occupation of William White, Potter, and Abraham Keene, Carpenter, situate between the King's Arms Inn aforesaid and the King's Private Road aforesaid, and ad-joing thereto, and the Gardens and Yards thereunto respectively adjoining and belonging, and also, a small Piece of Ground in the Occupation of John -

field, containing about Forty-eight Feet in Front, and about Thirty Feet in Breadth, situate between the Cottages or Tenements in the Occupations of the said Good and James Denham, on the West Side of Church Lane aforesaid, and also, a certain Piece of Ground, containing about Forty-five Feet in Length, lying in the Front of Dr. T Garden, and on the West Side of Church Lane aforesaid, and also, a small Piece of Ground, situate nearly opposite to the said Doctor Thompfion's Garden, being Part of Mrs. Cracknell's Yard before her House in Church Lane aforesaid, projecting into -the Road about Five Feet and an Half, ^nd all'o, another Piece of Ground, containing One hundred and Seventy Feet in Length, or thereabouts, lying in the Front of Whipple Place, near Sheffield Alms Houses, at Kensington Gravel Pits, and to take in and add to the said Roads the Whole, or Part, of the Scites of such Houses and other Buildings, and also such Gardens, Nurseries, Orchards, and other Grounds as shall be judged necessary or expedient for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and making such Increase in the Tolls payable by virtue of the said Act, and effecting the several other Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet upon Morning

next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the find Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednfday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

Ways and Mean* deferred.

7*

l6° — 2o° Januatu.

d. 1795'

Bill toconhnu* A Si for fccur-ing suspected Persons pre* fcnted.

Yarmouth Bridge and Gorltfton Road Bill prtiemed.

Cold-A ft on

Inclosure

Petition.

Reading Paving, &c« Petition*

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring igaintt His Person and " Government:" And the same was teceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next. Ten of Clock.

- Mart is, 20° di

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

MR. Charles Yownjbend reported from the Committee) to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, of the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from mouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth,to Gorlefton, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereuntcu , which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendment, be ingossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of tflemselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Aston Blank, otherwise , in

the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, canr not be conveniently occupied, and are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but might be rendered of much more Value if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Commissioners, named and authorized in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving " the Footways in the Borough of Reading, in the " County of Berks, for better repairing, cleansing, " lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, " and Places in the said Borough, and for removing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances " therefrom, and preventing the like for the future," and also of the several other Persons, Inhabitants of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Commissioners, authorized by virtue of the said Act, have caused the greater Part of the Foot.

'ways in the said Borough to be paved, and have proceeded, in Part, to execute the other Works, Matters, and Things, thereby directed to be performed; and that the Powers vested in the Commissioners by the said Act) have been found inefficient, and the Aids thereby granted inadequate for the Purposes of fully completing the paving of the said Footways, and keeping the same in Repair, and for performing and carrying inro Execution the several other Works, Matters, and Things, thereby directed to be done, and further Powers are necessary for effecting the Repairs aforesaid: And therefore prayi'ng, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Powers given by, and to make Alterations and Amendments in, the said Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Artd chat they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And ic is referred to Mr. Francis Anncjley, Mr. Aid -worth Neville, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common - Wvaiim|fai4i alty of the Borough of IVaUingfordin the County of Berks, who have thereunto affixed their Common Seal, and of the Gentry, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the said Borough, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth, That the Footways in the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Borough, are not properly paved; and the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places are not sufficiently clean fed, lighted, and watched, and are greatly incumbered by various Encroachments and Buildings, and obstructed and annoyed by Spouts and Gutters, by Means whereof they are rendered very incommodious and unsafe for Travellers and PassengerS} and that, if proper Powers were given to pave the said Footways, and to cleanse, light, watch, and regulate the said Streets, Lines, Passages, and Places, and to remove and prevent all Nuisances, Encroachments, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, it would tend greatly to the Benefit,

Safety, and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and all Persons resorting the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Sjkes, Mr. Sykes,

Spc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, ac Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Earl of BridgeCafter* Exeter, the only Proprietor of Lands and Grounds petirioo°fUt* within the Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Bridge Cafterton, in the County of Rutland, and of Richard Lucas, Clerk, Rector of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in the said Parish, lie intermixed and dispersed in 1‘mall Parcels, and the fame, with the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement j and that it would tend to the Advantage of the said Eari, and a the

St. Martin Stamford Ba-jon Inclosure Petition.

bill f vary the Course of Part of The Grand Jua&ion Canal, committed.

Bifbrooke, Liddington, &c. Inclosure and Boundaries Petition.

35 Geo. Ill* io ° JanuariL~ 72

the said Richard Lucas, to have the same inclosed and divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them; according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bridge in

the County of Rutland, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Howard, the Earl of , and Mr.

Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and the other Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Common Fields of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Martin Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, lie interm;xed, are inconveniently situated with respect to the several Proprietors thereof, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it will tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors ard Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Howard, the Earl of Carysfort, and Mr. Heathcote do prepare, and briqg in, the fame.

A Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, in the County of Hertford, so as to render the Navigation thereof more safe and convenient, and for making some other Amendments and Alterations in an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Btflrooke, in the County of Rutland, and of certain Commons adjoining, or lying near to, the said Manor, called Liddington Common and Uppingham Brand, and

also of certain Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Seaton, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor of Biflrooke, and also the said Commons, called Liddington Common and Uppingham Brand, are in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Benefit to the several Persons interested in the said Liddington Common and Uppingham Brand, if the Boundaries thereon, of the several Manors and Parishes within which the same are situate, were afeer-Vol. L.

tained and properly fenced; artd it would be of great Benefit to the Proprietors of the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor of Bijbrooke, if the fame, with such Share of the said Licidington Common as shall belong to the said Manor of were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to them, according to their respective Interests therein; and it would also be of Benefit to the respective Parties if certain Rights of Common, belonging to the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Manor of Bifbrccke,over or upon the Common Fields

and other Commonable Lands within the said Manor of Seaton, were extinguished, and proper Compensation made for the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Noel Edwards, and Mr. Pochin, do' prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Lands within the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the County of Worcester,was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates afiefled to the Land Tax at f.i. 18 s.per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at/. 27. 1 ys.4 ,d.who declared themselves

neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled at £.431 per Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Ludlow-facb, in the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence, through the Town of Llangadock, to the River Amman, and several other Roads in the said County communicating the rewith, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which is still due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged; and some of the Tolls thereby granted increased; and that it would be of considerable Benefit and Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if a commodious Carriage Road was set out and made

U from

Hanley Cattle Inclosure Bill reported.

Lti llow-such and Llandovery, See. Road 5 Petition.

Petition From Hull respecting the War,

The Lords hive agreed to

Land Tax Bill.

Malt Bill.

The Lords have parted

Van Dyck's Kit. Bill.

Papers relating to Sir Gilbert Elliot ordered.

74 10° Januariu 1795.

from Klacfgoodin to the Road leading from Toziy Bridge, ro Waingunith Common, in the Pari fa of Llan-Jhdwrn, in the said County, and if the Road leading from the said Towy Bridge and Common

Road to the Turnpike Road leading from to Cledfwlcb, in the Parifaes of Llanfadwrn aforesaid.

and Uandilovawr, in the said County (which at pre-

tent is greatly out of Repair, and in same Parts narrow and incommodious) was effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House faall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of- a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it faall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr Lord William

Seymour, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants, Shipowners, and Inhabitants of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and its Vicinity, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners most sincerely concur with the.House in every Measure re-quiiite to support the Dignity of His Majesty's Crown, the internal Security of His Dominions, and the good Faith towards His Allies, for which this Country has been so eminently distinguisaed: Alarmed, however, by the Calamities of a War bloody and expensive beyond all former Example, and convinced, from a full Consideration of the late Events in , and the Negociation entered into by The States General, of the Expediency of endeavouring to restore the Blef-sings of Peace, the Petitioners earnestly intreat the House to adopt such Means as in their Wisdom may seem bess adapted to this salutary End; and the Petitioners beg Leave at the same Time to assure the House, that if, contrary to the Hopes of the Petitioners, these Endeavours are frustrated by the Violence and Ambition of the Enemy, they arc fully resolved to bear with Chearfulness the Burthens and Evils attendant on the necessary and vigorous Prosecution of the War.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr; Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Dubbeldemuts Van Dyck $ to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Instrument by which Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, is appointed to any Office in the Island of Corjica.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Salary payable to Sir Gilbert Elliot,

Baroner, by virtue of any such Office, and the Fund out of which such Salary is to be paid.

Mr. Chancellor of thfe Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council for permitting all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effefts, ro be brought from any of the Ports of The United Provinces into the Ports of this Kingdom, in the Vxffels therein described, and to be landed and secured in Warehoiufes under the King's Ixicks, there tQ remain in safe Custody until further Order, dated 16th ‘January 179^.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Copies of Orders made by His Majesty in Council, during the late Recess of Parliament, relative to the Importation and Exportation of

Wheat and other Grain; viz.

N° 1. Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, permitting an additional Quantity of Two hundred Barrels of Flour to be exported to the Settlement at Sierra Leone,.dated 30th July 1794: And also,

N° 2. Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, for permitting an additional Quantity of One hundred Tons of Biscuit Bread, and Fifty Tons of Flour, to be exported to Newfoundland, dated 9th September 1794: And also,

N° 3. Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council for continuing the Prohibition on the Exportation of certain Articles of British Grain, and to permit the Importation of certain Articles of Foreign Grain therein specified for a limited Time, dated ift October 1794: And also,

N° 4. Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council for prohibiting, until the 3d Day of June 1795, the Exportation from any of the Ports of England, of any British Wheat, or any Meal, Flour, Malr, Bread or Biscuit made thereof; and for permitting, until the said 3d Day of June 1795, the Importation into any of the said Ports, and the taking out of Warehouse for Home Consumption of any Foreign Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, on Payment of the Second low Duty only, and no other, dated 3d December 1794.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That- the said Papers do lie upon the Table, ro be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the House be now called over.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the Mace, into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was called over; and several of the Members appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and several of them were excused, on Account of their own lllness, or of the Illness or recent Death of their near Relations, or as being Abroad, or absent on the Public Service, or as being on the Road to Town j and those who were not excused were, on the Quetlion severally put upon them, ordered to attend at the Time appointed, as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Edward Loveden Loveden, Esquire; James Macpberfon, Esquire; William Smith, Esquire;

the Honourable Robert Stewart; Sir Christopher Ha wkins,

Orders irt Council fofr (ecutingGoodf brought from Holland — anrtj relative to the Importation and Exposition of Wheat and other Grain, prerented.

House calk4 over.

Defaulter#

xcufcd*

Member* ordered to attend.

55 Geo. lit. 16 - — it* n

kins. Baronet; the Right honourable Lord Vifcouht Fielding-, Edmund Bastard, Esquire; William Powlett, Esquire; the Right honourable Thomas

Paulett; Richard Betkford, Esquire; the Right honourable Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook i henry Speed, Esquire; Thomas Peter Legb, Esquire; William Curtis, Esquire; Sir Wat kin Lewes-, John William Esquire; the Honourable Charles Carpenter-, Sir John Ingilby, Baronet; SirBenjaminHammet; Clement Tudway, Esquire; Henry Pentcn, Esquire; Ef-

quir'e; the Right honourable Thomas; Sir

\James Sander/on, Baronet; Nathaniel Newnbam, Esquire; the Honourable Evelyn James Stuart; Whitjhed Keene, Esquire; Sir Adam Fergujfon, Baronet; and Robert Dundas, Lord Advocate of Scotland, do attend the Service of this House upon Friday Morning next.

house to bi Ordered ', That this House be again called over upon

this Day Fortnight, the 3d Day of February next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of Town without Leave of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

> ... 1 i .1., n 1 . »- I > im —

Mercuriti 21° Januarii;

Anno 35* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

Komi a dent Jt M E S S A G E by Sir Francis Geh-

to Bills. tleman Ulher of the Black Rod i

Mr. Speaker,

- The. Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read*

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the De-iire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal, was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cloucefterthe Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archibilhop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills t Which Bills are as followed; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties Upoh Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five;

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

A Petition of the several Persons4, whose Names are AeSon thereunto subscribed, residing, or having Landed j!°v"o*"d Property near, or adjacent to the several Highways herein after described, was presented to the House, and li°n. read; SCtting forth, That the Common Highways leading through the Parish of Pfejlcn Candover, in the County of Southampton, from the Junction of the Two Roslds near to the Church of the said Parish, and through the several Parishes or Tythings of Niitley,

Farleigh, Wallop, and Cliddejden, and the Town of Basingstoke, to the North End of Lane, in

the said Town, and extending from the said Lane,

Southward, through other Part of the Town and Pa- -rish of Basingstoke, and the several Parishes or Tyth-

things of Cliddejden, Win/lade, Herri Lafham, worth, and Shalden, into the Town and Parish of Alton, all in the Tame County; are in many Parts foundcrous, dangerous to Travellers, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually widened, amended, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the said Highways are the direct and -nearest Roads leading from Basingstoke to the Market Towns of Alresford and Alton, in the said County, and would, if improved and repaired, afford a more convenient Communication between several of the most populous Parts of the Counties of Berks and Oxford, and the Ports of Gosport and Portsmouth, and other Parts of the Sea Coast, in the Counties of Southampton, Skjfex, and Surrey, than any that at present exilts thereabouts, and be in other Respects of Public Utility; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, repairing, and improving, the said Highways, and for raising Money to defray the Expences thereof, and for granting Tolls for securing the Re-payment thereof, and keeping the -said Roads in Repair, with such Powers and Authorities as may be effectual to that End, and for such other Purposes in respect thereto as the House shall think fit and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chutes Sir William cote, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edtbard Hilliard, Esquire, Lord of (Wlqr *n«i the Manor of Cowley otherwise Cowley Peachy, in the j^iof$r»n County of Middlesex, and also Patron of the Rectory Petition, and Parish Church of Cowley aforesaid, the Reverend Richard Dodd, Clerk, Rector of the said Parish of Cowley, the Reverend Thomas Mills, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Qiurch of Hillingdon, in the said County, and also of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors or Owners of, of Persons interested in, certain Common Fields, Called Cowley Field, Church Adcroft, and Sudcrofts, lying within the several Parishes above-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Division and Inclosure of the said Common Fields, and an Allotment of specific Parts thereof, to the several Owners or Proprietors, and also of specific Parts of the same to the several Persons entitled to the Tythes thereof; in Lieu and Compensation of and for such Tythes respectively within the said Fields, and a more commodious Division of the same Common Fields, between the said Parishes of Hillingdon and Cowley, according to their respective Proportions therein, with proper Boundaries for separating and ascertaining the fame, would be greatly to the Advantage of such Owners and Proprietors, and other Persons interested therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to 6 bring

Aldiidge Inclosure Bill pie seated.

Henlow Inclosure Petition.

Yarmouth Blidge and Oorlefton Road Bill palfed.

rVefton and Wigan Road Petition.

76 ii° Januar 1795*

bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said several Common Fields, and for allotting specific Parts thereof to the several Proprietors and other Persons interested therein, and for dividing the same Common Fields more commodiously between the said Parishes of Hillingdon and C, according to their

respective Proportions therein, with proper Boundaries for separating and ascertaining the fame, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring

in> the fame*

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Great Barr and , in the

Parish of Aldridge, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the fevetal Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers uninclosed Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Henlow, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners and other Proprietors lie inconveniently dif-perfect and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the other Proprietors if the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may.be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Mariner, and under such Regulations, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition And that Mr. QJborn and Mr. St. John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, of the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South otherwise Little

Yarmouth, to Gorleston, in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing an Act, of the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widen-' ing the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little to Gorleston, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and also for repealing several Acts, made in the Thirteenth of George the First, and the Fourth and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the Road between Preston and Wigan in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also for more effectually widening and amending the said Road, and also to

repeal the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of Fits present Majesty, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged or repealed, and some of the said Tolls increased, and some further and other Powers given for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, or for repealing the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road, or grant a new Act to the said Petitioners, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appe ar to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. 'Thomas Stanley, Mr.

burne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter DubbeldVan , was

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Shoolbred, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa,attended at the Door, he was called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1793 — The Account of tf the Committee of the Company of Merchants trad- ing to Africa-,distinguishing every Article of Expence under its proper T itle And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1793 — Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hanley Caf.le, in the County of Worcester,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hanley Caf.le, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of in the County of York, and of the Persons interested in the Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds there, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Commons or Tracts of Waste Ground, containing Five hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and several Common Fields and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing Sixty Acres, or thereabouts;

and

Van Dyck's Nat. Bill read*

Account, Sett of African Company pres tented.

Hanley Cattle Incloluic Bill passed.

Mirfield Inclo-fuic Petition.

35 Ge6. III.

2 I

Januam.-

77

Order in Council for extending a former Order with re* spe& to Warerouting Goods bound to Holland, prefen ted#

Motion for Bill for rendering cffe&uml certain Orders in Council re» Jpefting the Admimon of Xfie&s, to be contidered in a Committee*

Orders in Council refer*

Motion confi-dexed.

reported.

Bi)l ordered.

and that it would be advantageous to the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Commons, Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Grounds, and Property respectively, to have the same divided and inclosed, and speciBc Parts allotted to each of them, to be held by them in Severalty: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, and that such Bill may pass into a Law, under such Terms, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuanc to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth and Mr. JVilb do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, for further extending the Benefit of His Majesty's Order in Council, issued on the 16th Instant, with respedk to Warehousing all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects whatsoever, bound to the Ports of 'the United vinces,dated aift January 1795.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

A Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council, of the 16th and 21st of January 1795, respecting the Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be Warehoused;

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, for permitting all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects, to be brought from any of the Ports of the United Provinces into the Ports of this Kingdom, id the VefleU therein defctibed, and to be landed and secured in Warehouses under the King's Locks, there to remain in safe Custody until further Order, dated 16th January 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, for further extending the Benefit of His Majesty's Order in Council, issued on the 16th Instant, with respect-to Warehousing all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Effects whatsoever, bound to the Ports of the United Provinces, dated 2ill January 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart.took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he . was diredfced by the Committee to nuke a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council, of the t6th and 21st of January 1795, Tefpcdl-ing the Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be Warehoused.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council, of the 16th and 21st of January 1795, respecting the

Vol. Li*

Importation Grain amt Provisions, Duty free, t' be confidtred in a Committer.

Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be Warehoused;

And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Ryder,- do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to MptionforBJll bring in a Bill for prohibiting the Export from Scot- Export of5 'h* land of any Article of Grain, and for permitting the Grain, anH Importation into this Kingdom of all Articles of Grain, |*rn,;Hnitthe. and other Provisions, Duty-free} "

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Copy of His Majesty's Order in Order* in Council, permitting an additional Quantity of Two Hundred Barrels of Flour to be exported to the Settlement at Sierra Leone, dated 30th July 1794, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Copy of His Majesty's Order . in Council', for permitting an additional Quantity of One Hundred Tons of Biscuit Bread, and Fifty Tons of Flour, to be exported to Newfoundland, dated 9th September 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, for continuing the Prohibition on the Exportation of certain Articles of British Grain, and to permit the Importation of certain Articles of Foreign Grain therein specified for a limited Tithe, dated tft October 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, for prohibiting, until the 3d Day of June 1795» the Exportation, from any of the Ports of -land, of any British Wheat, or any Meal, Flour, Malt,

Bread or Biscuit made thereof} and for permitting, until the said 3d Day of June 1795, the Importation into any of the said Ports, and the taking out of Ware-house for Home Consumption of any Foreign Wheat,

Wheat Meal, or Flour, on Payment of the Second low Duty only, and no other, dated 3d 'December 1794,

-be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Motion confj-

dcied.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee'.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

"Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for prohibiting the Export from Scotland of any Article of Grain, and for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom of all Articles of Grain, and other Provisions, Duty-free.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill ordered, for prohibiting the Export from Scotland of any Article of Grain, and for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom of all Articles of Grain, and other Provisions, Duty-free: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ryder, and Mr.

Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, requesting that His Majesty will be gra- *e,ur" °£ ciously pleased to direct that there be laid before this ame$* c* ° House, a Return of the Names, Dates of the various Commissions, and Length of Service, of all Officers, who, since the Commencement of the present War,

X have

Officers, who have obtained, the Rank of FifcU Officers.

Estimates of Ordinary and Exrra of Nary prefeated.

78

2i° Janu

have obtained the Rank of Field Officers in His Majesty's Service; those who have received Brevet Rank not included.

Ordered, That the said Address b$ presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's moil Honourable Privy Council.

The Lord Arden,from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

1795.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1795: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above whac are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1795.

And the Titles of the said Ettimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sessiont and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth j viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1795-

N#

I. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of") Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Commissioners of the Navy, with / their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating f

36,518 18 11,30a 6

4*

5-

6.

7-

8.

9-J

Yards —

4,200 5 —

3,585 18 —

4,057 16 — 6,ia6 10 — 2,434 8 6 4,946 7 8

thereto

2. Superannuated Sea Officers — — —

3. Penftons, and other Allowances — — —

*Chatham — — —

Deft ford — . — — —

Woolwich — — —

Portsmcutb — — — .

Sheeme/s ——

Plymouth — — —

10. Muller Matter, and other Officers of the Out Ports —

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary — —

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein —

13. Charge of Harbour. Mooring, and of Harbour Rigging —

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Shif>s in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, &?" — — —

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers —

16. Bounty to Chaplains — — - — .

17. Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment

18. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1795 — £.

ocks. Wharfs, |

£. s. d. 68,532 17 1

47.821 5 8

25>35i 5 2

5,388 6 11

40,816 11 — 18,642 7 6 26,550 ——

166,950 — —

129; 500 — — 1,231 17 6 45.405 2 1 U.493 Jo 10

589.683 3 9

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1795, amounts to Five hundred and Eighty-nine Thousand Six hundred and Eighty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence.

A. S. Hamond. Geo. Rogers.

J. Henjlow. Geo. Marsh.

W. Palmer, W. Bellingham.

Sand Wallis. Harry Harmood.

NAVY

NAVY OFFICE, 9th January 179$.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1795.

Place where.

Beytford — — -

Woolwich — —

Chatham — —

D

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

oo_

ft

Guns.

9i

74

50

Sloop

3*

-20

98

74

38

64

24

no

98

80

74

> Time when may be Charge of their Ships Names. Building, or Nature of their Rep

air. Taken in Hand. Completed. Halls, Malls, and Yards. Rigging and Stores. - TOTAL.

Neptune — — Building — — In Hand — Uncertain — 15,90° — 15,900

New — — Ordered to be built - 1,000 1,000

Firm — — Building — — In Hand — Uncertain — 5,200 — 5,200

New — — Ordered to be built - 2,000 — 2,000

Pbenix — — Middling Repair — In Hand — May 1795 — 8,840 12,980 1 1,820

NarciJJus — — C Between Middling I Great Repair and In Hand — February 1795 — 3*350 2,080 5.43°

Orr<»# — — Building — _ In Hand Uncertain 5,000 5,oco

Centaur — — Building — — In Hand . — Uncertain — 15,800 6>qoo 2i,8co

New- — — Ordered to be built - ~ — - mmmm — — I poo — 1,000

New — — -: Ordered to be built — . _ — . 3,000 — 3,000

Repulse — — . Middling Repair — In Hand — Uncertain — 9,000 1,000 10,000

Champion — — Middling Repair In Hand — March 1795 3>42o 3*^0 6,570

77//<r de Paris — Building ' — In Hand December 1795 30,600 7^80 37.7*0

Temeraire — — - Building — — In Hand — Uncertain — 3,000 — 3>oooo

New — ' — Ordered to be built — — — — 1,000 1,009

New — — Ordered to be built — __ — _ 5,000 1,000 6,000

New — — . Ordered to be built — — — — 5,000 1,000 6,000

Goliath — — Middling Repair — - January 1795 — vn OS t^ *4 V — 17,100 . 4*000 21,100

Magnificent — Middling Repair July 1795 Uncertain 16,800 4,000 20,800

VC

35 Geo. III. 2i°

00

o

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

C

s

w

po

n

ffi

z

H

w

Place where. Guns. I i 1 Ships Names. " Building, or Nature of their Repair. Time when may be Charge of their TOTAL.

Taken in Hand. Completed. Hulls, Mails, and Yards* Rigging and Stores.

I- £> L

Sheerness — — 5° Antelope — — Building — — In Hand — Uncertain MW 5,100 400 5,500

3» L'AretbuJe — . — i To be repaired — Uncertain — December 1795 — 3,600 4,500 8,100

20 Perjeus — — Great Repair — . Uncertain — Uncertain — 5*35° 3,000 8,35°

Portjmlutb — — 98 Dreadnought Building — mmmm In Hand Uncertain w 10,000 10,000

50 Tiger — — Building — In Hand ~ Uncertain — 1,050 — 1,050

74 New — — Ordered to be built - 3,000 3,000 *

Sloop New — — Ordered to^>e built — — - _ — 2,000 — 2,000

74 Elizabeth — a — Middling Repair April 1795 — Uncertain — 15,400 2,750 18,150

— Warrior — — Middling Repair — May 1795 — Uncertain — 14,400 2,750 17,150

Sloop — — f Between Small and Mid- 7 i dling Repair — j July 1795 — September 1795 — 2,200 1,020 3,220

— Calypso — — f Between Middling Great Repair and In Hand — February 1795 — 2,200 39° 2,590

' rfr/V/ — — Middling Repair — October 1795 1 — December 1795 " 2,520 1,250 3>77°

Plymouth — — no Hibernia — - Building — rnmmm In Hand — Uncertain 5,000 600 5,600

— New — — Ordered to be built — . — — - _ 1,000 — 1,000

80 Foudroyant mmm. Building — — In Hand — Uncertain — 11,000 — 11,000

78 Northumberland _ To be repaired Uncertain — Uncertain — w 8,100 2,500 10,600

UAcbille — — To be repaired — — Uncertain — Uncertain — 8,100 2,500 10,600-

* 74 ' Carnatic — — Middling Repair — In Hand May 1795 — 8,100 2,750 10,850 ,

32 ' L'Ejpion Middling Repair March 1795 — July 1795 MM 7,70b 2,890 10,590

Total for the Ships in the King's Yards — 267,830 59,690 327,520

vo

Ln

k

o


M E R C H A N

/?/wr Thames — 36 New Building —

— New — — Building — .

— New — — Building — -

— New — — Building —

Norlbjleet — — — New — — Building —

Gravesend — — — New — Building

Chafel — — Sloop Rattler — — Building m

At different Places — _ New __ _ Ordered to be built

/ — New — — Ordered to be built

— New — — Ordered to be built

— New — — Ordered to be built

— New — — Ordered to be built

New — — Ordered to be built

g

cq'

f — h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

o

oo

?T

o

3

S YARDS.

t- £

In Hand — May 1796 — 7,200 3,000 10,200

In Hand — May 1796 — 6,200 3,000 9,200

In Hand — May 1796 — 5*700 ~ 3,000 8,700

In Hand — May 1796 — 6,200 - 3,000 9,200

In Hand — May 1796 — 7,200 4 >400 1 r,6oo

In Hand — May 1796 ' ~ — 6,200 4,400- 10,600

In Hand — March 1795 — 3>M0 - - — 3»24<S

... — - — * — mmm * ~6,ioo 2,700 8,800

— — — 6,100 2,700 8,800

— — ' — 6,100 2,700 8,800

— — — 6,100 2,700 8,800

— — 6,100 2,700 8,80a

— — 6xioo 2,700 8,800

Total . — 78*540 - 37>oooo. 115,940

Grand Total for the Ships — £. 346,370 96,690 " 443,060

00

35 G

g

eg'

n"

CD

a

cr

o

o

On WORKS of the YARDS.

Deptford — — To building a new Rigging House — _ M. _ .«. _ M —

H tolwiib — t — To complete the Mali House, Slip, and returned Wall at the East End, and the several Works in the Inner Pond — — -

To building a Pitch House, Kiln for ftoving Boltrope, and Tar Kettle for the Sailmakers, on the Wharf between theiargr'Slipund"StCTh of the Double Dock — _ __ _________ _________ ________ ... _ __ —

00

Chatham — —

To carrying on the new Rigging House, so that it may be covered in — —

To building New Team Stables, taking down the Old, and clearing away the Materials —

Portsmouth — — To complete the new South Dock —

riymouih — —

Towards carrying on the Stone Wharf and Piers to the DoubIe"Dock proposed, including the Expence of taking away Part of the Old

To complete the Stone Wharf and Slip to the Inner Mast Pond- ~s —: —

To carrying on 50 Feet running of Stone Wharf, South Side the Boat House Channel — ' — —

To carrying on 50 Feet running of Scone Wharf, West Front of the New* Ground - — — *- — — .

To carrying on the Dwarf Stone Wharf to the Mast House Slip (Outer Mast Pond) — — — 1 — —

To carrying on 50 Feet running of Stone Wharf, North Side the Outer Mast Pond- —: ~ — —

To taking away the Dam and Ground at the Stern of the new South Dock - —

Towards carrying on the Small Dock, or Graving Place, at the North Part of the Yard . — — ——

To completing the new Block Shop — t — — — — -±* —

To completing the Pump House to the new South Dock — — —

To building Houses to contain Plank and Prttffia Deals - — * —

To blowing and levelling the Rock of White House Hill — . - — > —

Towards building the Wharf Wall of the large South Jetty Head — — — — — —

Towards building a Wajl, digging and blowing away the Rock at the East End of the Plank Houses that stand over the Mast Locks, to form the Road in Front of the said Houses ——

L-

5,200

13.000 450

3>4«o

1,600

3.000

24.000

7.000

2.000 2,000 3,000 2,000 1,000

5.000 1,100

500

3.000

700

1,700

300-

11* Januariu 1795.

D to'

n' CD Q_

cr *<'

0 |

0 0 .1

oq

To digging away the Rock at the North Part of the Yard, and clearing the Ground for building the Bricklayer's and Mason's Sheds — To building the Bricklayer's and Mason'a Sheds, and Party Walls — , - —

To completing the East Cro/s New Storehouse ——

To digging away the Rock where the old Converters Pound stands - — —

To building a new Working Shed between the Head of the Double and South Docks on the Ground where the Old Pitch House

To completing the West Cro/s New Storehouse ——

Towards building a Shipwright's Store Pound ——

Towards building Two Bays of Saw Pits — -».*- ——

Total

Total for the Ships brought forward —

Grand Total — -

c

abstract*

For the Ships in His Majesty'* Yards — — Rigging and Store, I

For Ship* in Merchants Yards - — {Rising andltorcs I l>W+°

Towards the Improvements in the Yards - 82,780

Grand Total — £. 525,840

Viz'.

The Sum of Five hundred and Twenty-five thousand Eight hundred and Forty Pounds*

roo

700

2.00

300

400

370

500

260

82,780

443,060

525*840

Ov>

<-n

o

w

o


1

r*-

A. S. Hamond. J. Henft Will" Rule* Geo. MarJB.

Geo. Rogers* W. Palm» W, Bel, Sam1 ,

00

Committee of

Supply.

Eliimates, $tc. re lei red.

Gu ilds and Garrisons.

Forces in the Plantations.

General am! Staff Officers, &c.

Difference he*, tween Brili fh and Irish Pay,

Troops in East India,

Additional* to

D°.

Recruiting Land Forces, and Contingencies, dec.

Levy Money, dec for Augmentations to tile Forces,

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers.

Allowance* to the Pavniaftet* G neral, kc. Sec,

Half Pay.

« si

84 210 Januarit* J. 1795*

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, on the Continent,

and on Board the Fleet, from 25th December 179410 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar and in Corftca, and a Corps of Foot in New South (Vales, from 25th December 1794 ro 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eftittnate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, and on the Continent, for the Year 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot, for Service in the from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said. Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One' Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of; Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1795, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Additional to the Regiment of Light Dragoons serving in East India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25 th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimane of the Charge of Recruiting, Contingencies, and of the Allowance of: Bread and Necessaries for His Majesty's Land Forces* i of the Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry in Great Britain and of the Charge of Poundage to be returned to thelnfantry, for the Year 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Levy Money and Subsistence, and of the Allowance for Cloathing and Accoutrements, for the Augmentations to be made to His Majesty's Land Forces in the Year 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Companies, and of Regiments draughted, or to be draughted, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both *n" elusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces* to the Secretary at War; to the Commifiary General of the Mufters* to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of ST be States General, for the Year 1795, be referred to the faitl Committee.

Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 17951 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1795, referred to the said Committee;-

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Fcncible Infantry in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and th cl/leof Alan, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies, of the Allowance of Br^ad and Necessaries, and of Poundage, for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible lnfantry,'in Great Britain, for the Year 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1795, bc referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, for Service in Great from 25th December 1794 to 24th 1795, both

inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Extra Feed, for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Troops in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1795, referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1795, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Jovis,

Hal f Pay,

Widow* Pen (ions.

Scotch Roads and Btidges*

Embodied Militia, and Fencible Infantry.

Contingencies,

&c. for l>*

Cloathing for the Militia.

Fencible

Cavalry,

Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, &c« for D°.

Foreign

Troops*

Ordnance*

Ways and Means deferred.

K&reh lad Wimblinzton Drainage reti« tio»4

Cold- A.flon inr]0|\«it Bill pxeiented.

35 Geo. lit.

2 2° Januani.

85

jOvis> 2 2° die;

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis* 1795.

PLAYER*.

A PETITION of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying within the Hamlet of March, in the Parish of in the

Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was prefenred to the House, and read Setting forth, That an Act was tnade, in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Haitilets of March and Wimblin and in the Parish of Upwell, in the I fie of Ely, and County of Cambridge-, and that, by the said Act, the said Lands and Grounds are divided into Six different Districts, and fepArate Commissioners are appointed for draining and preserving the Lands and Grounds within the Fourth District, with Power to rate and assess all the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within that District in any Sum of Money, not exceeding Two Shillings Acrejp er Annum, to defray the Expectce of Drainage*

and the said Commissioners have caused several Engines and other Works to be erected and made; at a considerable Ekpence; and that the Money authorized to be raised as aforesaid* hath been found insufficient to defray the Expence of erecting and making the said Engines and-Works, and, on that Account, the Commissioners have conrrafted Debts to a considerable Amount, which (fill remain due j and that thfc Engines and other Works, erected and made as afore-i'aid, are become of late Years greatly decayed, and it is necessary that an additional Tax should belaid upon the Fen Lands and Low Grounds, to enable the Commissioners to repair the said Engines and other Works, and to pay off the Debts incurred as aforesaid; and that an Act was made in the Thirty-second YeaV of the Reign of His present Mnjetly, for inclosing certain tommonsand Waste Lands therein mentioned, and for altering and amending the said recited Act, and those Commissioners have, in pursuance of the Powers thereby given to them, assigned and set out 134 Acres and 18 Perches of the said Commors and W'altes, as Lands lying within the said District* as Lands which ought to be taxed as Fen Lands and Low Grounds, by virtue of the said Act, of the Thirtieth Yearcf his said late Majesty, towards defraying the Expences of Drainage; and that the Petitioners are informed, thar, in order to enable the Commissioners effectually to drain and preserve the Lid Lands and Grounds, it will be necessary that several Amendments and Alterations should be made in the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Lands and Grounds within the said Fourth District: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and altering the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, within the said Fourth District, in such Manner as the I Joule shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles , General Adeane, &c.: Ar.d they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber* and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Join Pitt presented to the House, according tb Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Downs, and all the Commonable and Waste L^ixls, within the Vol. L.

Manor and Parish of Cold-After., otherwise A/cm-Blank, in the County of Gloucester and the same was received, and read the first Time. . , .

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ml. Mainwarir.g reported from the Committee, Kensington,

to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for parrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of Roads Petition the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- r*?®1* jesty, for repairing several Roads in the Parishes of Kenftngtcn, Chelsea* and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, was referred That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Roads and Paving Bills, had been complied with and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kenfmgtcn, Chelsea, and , and

other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middle/:at, and for lighting and watering the said Roads, and for paving the Street and Highway, and Footways in Kensington, and for lighting and watching the fame, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining the reto* was read: And,

Mr. John Battey being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act* and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be col-Jested on the said Roads — And he produced an Account of the present Debt, which amounts to £. 11,50c.

And it appeared by another Account produced to your Committee, That upon an Average of the last:

Seven Years* the Disbursements have exceeded the Receipts, to the Amount of £. 1,894. 3*. 9

And the Witness further laid, That the said Tolls are charged with the Payment of £. 1*000 to the Westminsterpaving Commissioners to enable

them to keep in Repair such Part of Piccadilly as ex* tends from Clarges Street to Hyde Park , and from the South End of Park Lane, to the North End of Hertford Street: Then,

Mr. Edward Batsford being examined* said, That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Produce of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads* is insufficient to enable the said Trustees to pay the said Annual Sum of £. i,coo and the Interest of the Money borrowed as aforesaid, and effectually to amend and improve the said Roads and that unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some of the Tolls thereby granted increased* and some further Powers given, the said Act cannot be effectually carried into Execution.

Mr. Edward Hancock, a Surveyor of the Road in the Kenftnglon Division, being also examined, said.

That frequent Robberies have been committed in the Night Time, which might be prevented, if the said Roads were properly lighted and watched, and it would be a great Convenience to Travellers if the same were properly watered — And he added, That a small Part of Church Lane in Kensington, and a certain Street, called Sloane Street (not comprized in the said Act) might be bettetand more conveniently managed, if the same were, for the respective Purposes mentioned in the Petition, put under the Care and Management of the Trustees aforesaid: And,

Mr. William Blizand , Surveyor of the Fulham District of Road, being examined, said, That it would be

Z of

8 6

21

Januarii.

A.

1795

Xaneafter Roads Pcfci-tion.

t>f Public Utility, if a jfinall Piece of Road lying between the King's Arms Inn, in Fulham, and the Entrance in the King's Private Road, leading from Fulham, to GrosvenOr Place,was properly repaired; lightedi watched, and watered: Then,

Mr. Hancock being further examined, said; That in order to render the several Roads before-mentioned in all Parts sufficiently wide for the Safety and Convenience of Passengers, it will be necessary to purchase and take down certain Houses and Buildings, and to make Use of certain Grounds and PremifTes described in the Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint Margaret Kensington, Chelsea,

and Fulham, in the County of and for

lighting, watching, and watering the fame, except a certain Part thereof; and that Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

jrum|>»inaAd A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in ' Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one

passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road leading from the East End " of Brumpton High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of AJkrigg and Ing'eton, in the " said County,* to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster," and the other passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and making " more effectual the said former Act, and also for " repairing the Road leading from through Gi/ling, Shelf'and to Lucy, " otherwise Lously Cro/s, and from Gi/ling, through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gatberley Moor," and of several of the Creditors who have lent their Monies upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which now remain unpaid, and the same cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in sufficient Repair, tmlefs the Term granted by the said Acts, which is near expiring, be further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts enlarged, altered, and amended; and that it would be much more convenient for Passengers and Carriages travelling upon the said Road, if, instead of proceeding from the East End of the Town of Bain-bridge, over the High Mountain called Cam, to a certain Place called Green Side Gate, and from thence to a Place called Gearjlones, otherwise Graystones, in the Parish of Bentham in the County of York, as the said Road now extends, if the Trustees were discharged from the Care and Reparation of that Part of the said Road, and, instead thereof, if the same Road was diverted and turned from the East End of the said Town of Bainbridge,to and through the Town of Hawes, and from thence up the Vale of to Gearjlones, other-

wife Graystones aforesaid j and, it would also be ad-Vantageoys to the Creditors upon the Tolls of the said Roads, and no Detriment to the JPublici if that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brumpton High Lane, and the said Town of . Richmond, should no longer remain and be considered as Part of the Roads to be repaired by virtue of the said former Acts, or the Act: now petitioned for, the same being now in complete Repair, and may eafiiy be kept so by the ordinary Powers prescribed by Law; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the

Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said several Acts, and for turning and diverting the said Road from the East End of the said Town of Bainbridge, to and through the Town of Hawes, and up the Vale of IViddel to Gearjlones', otherwise Graystones, aforesaid, and for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, that Part of the said Road, and for discharging the said Trustees from the Reparation of that Part of the said Road which extends from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, over the Mountain to

Greenftde Gate, and from thence to Gearjlones, otherwise Graystones, aforesaid; and also from the Reparations of that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brumpton High Lane, and the Town of Richmond aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr.

berforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Commoil Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; within the Parish of Woodborou, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Property of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields lie dispersed in small Parcels of Land, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that it will tend greatly to the Interest and Advantage of the Petitioners if the said Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to North Pitiiet.

Wood boron gk Incloluie PciU uon.

ton Incloltire Bill prdenudi

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called North Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of North Petherton, in the County of Some;Jet: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to amend and render effectual so much of an Woieeftu-Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Ma- AvuiueB.ii

, 1 . ° . „ . committed.

jesty, as relates to improving the Entrance into the City of Worcester from the London and Upton Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IViglcy,

Mr. Edward Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Farmers, Inha- Petitions bitants, and Freeholders, of the Counties of IVvree/er a2:11lllt 'e,*r-and Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Worcester, and Suburbs thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Perjhore, in the County of Worcester, and also of the Merchants and Farmers attending the Markets there, and using the Roads leading to the City of Worcetler; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Evesham, and also of § the'

red, and Coui»-fe 1 ordered.

Orders for Attendance of certain Members discharged.

petition from the Freemen of Cailifle re-

orders for Aticmhaice of certain Mem-lirrs dill barged.

feepert Supply.

Guards and G air i long.

scharge of D°.

35 Geo. III. ii° Janu 87

the principal Merchants, Farmers, and others, attending the Markets at Evesham, and using the Roads leading to the City of Worcester (which were presented to the House upon the 8th and 16th Days, of this Instant January') be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Notice being taken, that William Curtis, Esquire; John William Anderson, Esquire; Nathaniel

Esquire; Sir Watkin Lewes; Sir James Sanderfcn, Baronet; Paul Le Mejurier, Esquire; and the Right honourable Lord Viscount Hincbingbrook, were now present in their Places in the House;

The Orders, made upon lad-, for the said

Members to attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

A Petition of the Freemen of the City of Carlisle, was presented to the House, Sind read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, deeply assessed with the Calamities of the difaltrous War in which this Nation is at present engaged, without Hope that any of the avowed Purposes for which it is carried on can ever be accomplished, and alarmed at the immense Expenditure of Public Money, which must ultimately render good or ill success in the further Prosecution of it equally ruinous, do most earnestly entreat the House to adopt such Measures as may bring it to a speedy Period, and restore the Blessings of Peace, Blessings at all Times desirable, but, in the present Circumstances, essentially necessary to the Public Security and Happiness.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Notice being taken, That Sir Benjamin Ham-,,vet, and the Right honourable were now

present in their Places in the House;

The Orders, made upon lad, for the said

Members to attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to H is Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

ReJcivedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Three thousand Eight hundred and Eigluy-two Invalids, hoc exceeding One hundred and Nineteen thousand Three hundred and Eighty effeiflive Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included; be employed for the Year 1795. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Seven hundred and Seventy-seven Thousand Five hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One hundred and Nineteen thousand Three hundred and Eighty effective Men, for Guards, Gar-rifonsj and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and GtternJey, on the Continent, a nr* on Board the Fleet, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers 'and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Mailers, and for Serjeants, from 25th December to 24th

December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days., .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sijc hundred and Ninety-;, one thousand Three hundred and Seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, and in Corjica, and a Corps of Foot , in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Nonr commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Mailer, Surgeons, and Serjeants, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Forty thousand and Ninety-six Pounds Nine Shillings And Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for Service in the West Indies, from 25th December 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Three hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence One Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Nine Battalions of Foot for Service in East India, for the Year 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Recruiting, Contingencies, and of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries for His Majesty's Land Forces, of the Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry in Great Britain, and of the Charge of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four, hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Levy Money and Subsistence, and of the Allowance for Cloathing and Accoutre--ments for the Augmentations to be made to His Majesty's Land Forces, in the Year 1795.

RJolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One hundred and Fif-

o __

teen thousand Eight hundred and Twenty Pounds and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and jersey, and on the Continent, for the Year 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Seventy-nine thousand Nine hundred and Seventyieighc Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence; be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Companies, and of Regiments draughted, or to be draughted, from the 25th Day of December 1794 to the 24th Day of December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and

Ten

Forces in *be Plantations.

Difference be* tweenBririfli and IrUh Pay.

Troops in East India.

Recruiting Land Forces, and Contingencies, 3c c.

Levy Money, &c. for Augmentations to the Forces.

General and Staff Officers, &c.

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers*

Allowances to the Paymaster General, 3cc.

Reduced Officer* of Lind Fotces and Marines.

Reduced Horse Guards.

Officers late in t*e Service of the States General.

Reduced Officers of Brmfli American Forces.

Allowances to Several Reduced Officers of

Z>°.

'Widows

Pensions.

Scotch Roads and Bridges*

Embodied Militia, and FenciWe Infantry*

Contingencies, fee. for 0°.

Glonbinjj for tbr MiilTia.

ii0 Januarii. . 179^.

Ven thousand Eight hundred and Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Pay matter General of His Majesty's Forces, to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Mutters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices; and for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1795.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and

Twenty-eight thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, fur the Year 1795.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and

Thirty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account of the several Officers late in the Service of 'The States General, for the Year 1795.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Fifcy-two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Accounc of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1795.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1795-

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Three hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensiona to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expencesattenuing the fame, for the Year 1795.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the New Roads of Communication and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1795-

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred and Thirty thousand and Forty seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in' Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, and the Isle oj Man, for the Year 1795.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies, of the Allowance of Bread and Neceftaries, and of Poundage for the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, for the Year 1795.

Rcjolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Seven thousandOne hundred and Thircy-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, fur defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the Embo-tfced Mditia in South Britain, for the Year 1795.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twb huridlred and Eighty thousand and Forty-eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several torps of Fencible Cavalry for Service in Great Britain, from 25 th 1794

to 24th December 1795, both inclitfive, being 36$ Days.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Chargi of the Allowance of Bread and Necellaries, and of Extra Feed, for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1795.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Ninety-five thousand Six hundred and Fifty-five Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Eighteen thousand Hanoverians, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1795.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Thirty-three thousand Two hundred and Fifty-three Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Twelve thousand Five hundred and Thirty-one Men, of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfcfi in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subliuy for the Year 1795, pursuant to Treaty.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee', That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-six thousand and Seventy-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Three thousand Men, of the Troops of the Landgrave of llejjc , in the

Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1795, pursuant to Treaty.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-two thousand Two hundred and Forty-two Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two thousand Two hundred and Eighty-nine Men, of the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brtogether with the Subsidy for the Year 1795, pursuant to Treaty.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand One hundred and Fifty-five Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not prbvided for by Parliament in 1793.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Three hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1793.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One. Million Forty-five thousand Three hundred and Five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1794.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Three hundred and Eigluy-leven Pounds and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1794.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding , One Million One hundred and Seventy-six thousand Fight hundred and Four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to FI is Majesty, for the Charge of the

Office

Fencible

Cavalry.

Allowance rf Bread and Necessaries,' £c. for Da*

Hanoveiiart

Troops.

Tio^ps Hclie CatfeL

Troop* of Hetfe Darn*-ftadr.

Brunswiclc

Troops.

Ordnance, Land Service, not provided for in a79

Ordnance, Sea Service, not provided for i» 1793-

Ordnance, Land Servi :ef not provided for in 1794.

Ordnance, Sea Service, not provided for ii> 1794-

Ordnance Us *7*5-

35 Geo. III. n° — 230 Janmrii. 89

Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers 1795, of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his late

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second ,c Majesty, for repairing the Road from in

Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- " the County of to Hill, in the said

upon, agreed to by the House* ,c County," a considerable Sum of Money has been

borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which (till Mutiny Bill Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road ordered. for punifHing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better kept in Repair for the future, Unless the Term of the Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that said Act, which is near expiring, be continued: And Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Steele, and therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame* in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the The other Order of the Day being read; Consideration of a Committee I And that they do exa

BUI to continue Ordered, That the Bill to continue, for a Time to mine the Matter thereof} and report the same as it

wfor % Cd* bc an Act, made in the Iaft Session of Parlia- shall appear to them, to the House:

Pafon(defer- ment, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Captain Berkeley, red. to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning

« shall suspect are conspiring against His Person"and next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-

" Government," be read a Second Time Tomorrow ber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

Morning. Records.

Orders for Notice being taken, that

Attendance of Esquire; William Smith, Esquirej and the Right ho-bmdifcbvgl nourable Thomas Orde Paulett, were now present in ed. their Places, in the House;

The Orders, made upon last, for the said

- Members to attend the Service of this House To-

morrow Morning, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornings Ten of the Clock.

Venerts, 23d Januarii j

Anno 35* Georgii III*" Regis, 1795.

t*RAYBR3.

aIjT?to T ORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House,

' I j That their Address of last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct that a Return of the Names, Dates of the various Commissions, and Length of Service, of all Officers, who, since the Commencement of the present War, have obtained the Rank of Field Officers in His Majesty's Service, those who have received Brevet Rank not included, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

St. Martin Sir George Howard presented to the House, accord-rralidofure to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the

fiui presented. Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bridge Caller- Sir George Howard presented to the House, accord-a«-5£» ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the 1 P" e open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bridge Cafttrton, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ctreiweftcrand A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names BirdiipHiii are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, Road Ptution. an(j rca(j. getting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Vol« L.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Cirenceftnatid are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, j^eRowi and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in a^dlighting; the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Petition.

King George the Second, intituled, tc An Act for repealing so much of the Act of the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and " Powers granted by an Act of the Thirteenth Year *' of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirencester Town's End to " Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, as directs, that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes *f and Hamlets, therein named, shall pass Toll-free,

and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town's End there, and for *)thef " Purposes therein mentioned, and for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Two former " Acts," a considerable Sum of Money has been bor* rowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be continued; and that the Petitioners intend to light such Parts of the Towns of Cirencester, Pair ford, and Letchlade, through which such Road passes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose* aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Captain Berkeley,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petitiott of the several Persons, whose Names are Baton sacon thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of fetl

Lands and Grounds lying in the Parish of Eaton Socon, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Parish, are divided into small Parcels, and lie intermixed and dif-perfect, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof set out to the several Owners and Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights, the said Lands and Grounds might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

A a pursuant

4

Luton, West-wood Gate, and St. Alban'* Roads Petition.

Broughton Inclosure Petition.

Southampton and New Sa« ruin Canal Petition.

2 30 Januarii

A. 1795,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. John and Mr. OJborn do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First the Sixteenth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from Luton in the County of to

wood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to Alban's, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read $ Setting forth, That the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have proceeded to carry the said Acts into Execution, and have borrowed aconsider-ableSum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, the Whole of which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, the Tolls altered and increased, and some further and other Powers given to the said Trustees: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. John, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable George William Earl of Coventry, and the humble Petition of the feve-

ral other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Land within the Hamlet of Broughton, otherwise Drake's Broughton, in the Parish of Holy in Perjhore, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth, That the said Hamlet contains several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Pc. titioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Foley, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Subscribers for making a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That a considerable Trade, by Land Carriage, is carried on between the Town of Southampton and the City of New Sarum and its Neighbourhood, and with the several Towns of Andevor, Stockbridge, Romsey, and other Places adjacent, in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts; and that, by Surveys and Levels taken lately, it appears that the making and maintaining a Navigable Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the Town and Port of Southampton, to

join the Andevor Canal at, of near, in the

Parish of Milbrooke, in the County of to go from, and out of, the said Andevor Canal at, or near, Mitchelmarsh Common, in the County of Southampton, to extend to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch from the said Town of Southampton to Northam, within the Liberties of the said Town and County of Southampton, to join the Navigable River of Itchenthere, through the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, of Saint

Laurence, All Saints, and Saint Mary, within the Town and County of the Tow n of Southampton, Four or Hill Milbrooke, and Redbridge, in the County of Southampton, to join the Andevor Canal there, and from, and out of, the said Andevor Canal, through, or near, the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, of Mitchelmarsh, Moliisfont, I.cckerley, EastDean, West Dean, East

Grimstead, West Grimstead, Alder bMilford, and

Saint Martin's, in the City of New Sarum, in the Counties of Southampton and Wiltswith a Collateral Branch from the said Town of Southampton to Northam, in the Parish of Saint Mary, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of to join the Navigable River of Itchen there, will be of great Public Utility, by opening Communications with the Sea, and the Quays of Southampton, and the said Navigable River of Itchen, and will extend the Intercourse and Advantage of Trade, Navigation, and Commerce, and improve the Lands and Estates in the said respective Counties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal and Collateral Branch as aforesaid, under such Regulations and Re-ftridtions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to th.£ Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House j

And it is referred to Mr. Amyatt, Mr. Rose, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according ilydePark to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the Comer, Ken-Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads within the Parishes of Saint George pieicmed. Hanover Square, Saint Margaret W

Chelsea, and Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering the fame, except a certain Part thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill.be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Prt«, &c. Lands and Estates within the Parishes of Frees, Stanton Inc!o!ure upon Hineheath, and Moreton-Sea, in the County of ul,lon'

Salop,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open Common Fields and other Commonable and Waste Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others} and that the said Open Common Fields and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners and the several other Persons interested therein, and of Public Utility, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hill and Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition

35 Geo. III.

2,3° Janmrii.

9*

Petition from A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Upton upon Parish of Upton upon Severn, in the County of Wor-the Wor«fter cester, and of the Merchants, Farmers, and orher Per-Avenue Bill, fons attending the Markets there, and travelling on the Roads leading to the City of through

the London or Upton Turnpike Gates, Viras presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is now before the House for levying additional Tolls at the London and Upton Turnpike Gates, near the City of for the

sole Purpose of making a Road 175 Yards only in Length, within the Coniines of the City of and for paving and lighting the fame; and that the present Roads, within the Town of ,arc fuf-

ficient for all the Purposes of the Merchant, Farmer, and Traveller, and the intended Road will seldom or never be used by the Petitioners, becanfe it leads neither to the Corn Marker, Beast Marker, nor the general Parts of the Town, where the Petitioners transact Business; and that the Petitioners, being apprehenGve that the intended double Toll will be partial, and a heavy Burthen on them, and the proposed Object of the Bill being more for the Purpose of ornamenting an Entrance into the City of than the general Improvement of the Roads, therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against: the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill to amend and render effectual so much of an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to improving the Entrance into the City of Woreefier from the London and Upton Roads, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Innkeepers A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers re-PetitToncom* *n that Part of Great Britain called England, was

laiiung'of the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Mode of Quar- the Petitioners are, at all Times, ready to contribute terirgSoldiers. c|jcarfujly to t|ie Exigencies of the State in a fair

Proportion with their Fellow Subjects, but, looking up to the House as the Guardians and Protestors of the People, they solicit its Attention to the Hardships they suffer, and therefore beg Leave to state, That the Mode of Quartering His Majesty's Ttoops upon them has long been extremely burthensome, and, by reason of the high Price of Provisions, and all other Necessaries of Life, is become a Grievance utterly impossible for them to sustain; that the Petitioners have peaceably, and almost without complaining, been subject for many Years pad to great and irretrievable Losses by the Means before-mentioned, till at length they are reduced to the Necessity of imploring from the Legislature a suitable Relief, with the deprefiing Prospect, in case it should not be obtained, of much Distress to all of them, and of certain Ruin to many of the Petitioners and their Families, but they entertain the most sanguine Hopes, that the Hardship of their Cafe, when fully known, will plead effectually in their Favour; and they request the House will take into Consideration, that, as they are not favoured with an Exemption from any of the Public Taxes and Duties, and, in many Instances, subject to such as are peculiar to themselves, whether they should in Equity and Justice be exclusively burthened with all the Loss, as well as the Trouble and Inconvenience, of providing for His Majesty's Troops, but that, as they are established for the Common Defence and Security, whether the Loss at least should not fall equally upon the > Public at large: That the Prices, paid to the Peti-

tioners fdr Diet for His Majesty's Troops and their Hbries per Diem, are now nearly the same as they were in the Time of King the Third, and for upwards of Sixty Years have continued the same without any Variation whatever, which amply demonstrate the heavy Losses the Petitioners must unavoidably sustain, House-rent, Taxes, Provisions, and all other NeceflarieS of Life, having been increased, during the Period 1 aft-mentioned, to double their former Amount, and the Articles of Hay and Straw having increased in an equal Proportion; and the Petitioners beg Leave to offer, as Instances of the Losses they suffer, that the Thirty-seventh Clauseof the Mutiny Act, compelling them to find Troop Horses with Hay and Straw for Twenty-four Hours at Six Pence per Horse, subjects them, on a most moderate Calculation* to an actual Loss of Six Pence per Diem for each Horse quartered on them; and they are also, by the same Act, obliged to find to each Man Five Pints of Small Beer per Diem, Vinegar, Salt, Candles, the Use of Fire, and of Utensils for dressing their Provisions, Bedding, Plates, Knives and Forks, &c. without any Allowance whatever being made to them by Government, which subjects them to a Loss of Three Pence Daily, at least, for each Man; and that, for Soldiers on a March, they are compellable to provide Three Meals each Man, for which Three Meals they receive only Six Pence in the same of a Trooper, and Four Pence only in the same of a Foot Soldier, which subjects them to a further Loss of, at least. Ten Pence in the former Cafe* and of One Shilling in the latter Instance, per Diem, upon the Meals so provided; and that the Petitioners are prompted to urge again to the House their constant Readiness to participate in the necessary Burthens of the State, and to aflufe them, they have a firm Reliance that the Representatives of the People, upon examining the unparalleled Hardships of their present Situation, will afford them that Relief which the Justice of their same requires; and th^y therefore leave their same with the House, trusting in its Liberality and Justice for Relief, and request Leave to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, in Support of the several Allegations of their Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-pol'ed. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it. shall appear to them, to the House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying and being in the several. Open and Common Fields in the several Parishes of Saint Paul, Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Open Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any great Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, would be of great Advantage to the Proprietors, and an Improvement of their several Properties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lambton and Mr. Whitbread, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Bedford Inclosure Petition,

Lancaster Debtois Petition

Greystoke

lnciofure

petition.

Several Defaulters at Call, appear; and One excused.

Members ordered to attend.

92 250 — -26° Januarii. 1795.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read t complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

A Petition of the most Nobte Charlei Howard Duke of Norfolk, Earl Marshal of England, and the humble Petition of John Wilkinson, fVi Parker, Miles Swin-

bum, Jonathan Harrison, iVilllat Hogarth, and Noble, on Behalf of themlclves and others. Owners of Lands and Tenements situate within, or Parcel of, the Barony of Greystoke, in the County of Cumberland, claiming Right of Common upon certain Wastes or Commons, called Greystoke and , Hutton Roof,

and Lowend Commons, was presented to the House* and read j Setting forth. That divers Tracts of Wastes and Common Grounds, within or Parcel of the said Barony, called Greystoke and Berrier, Hutton Roof, and Lowend Commons, are, at present, in an unimproved and uncultivated State, and many Parts thereof are capable of Cultivation and Improvement, and other Parts, under proper Regulations, might be rendered more beneficial than they polfibly can be in their present State: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Christian Curwen and Mr. Howard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of the several Members who were ordered to attend the Service of the House this Day, and who did not appear in the House Yesterday, several of the said Members appeared, and one of them was excused as being Abroad j and the rest were, on the Question severally put upon them, ordered to attend at the Time appointed, as followeth; viz

Ordered, That James Esquire; the

Right honourable Lord Viscount Fielding; Edmund Bajtard, Esquire; Richard Beckford, Esquire; Henry Speed, Esquire; Thomas Peter , Esquire; the Honourable Charles Carpenter; Sir John Ingilby, Baronet; Clement Tudway, Esquire; Hemy Penton, Esquire; the Honourable Evelyn James Stuart; Sir Hdam Fergujfon, Baronet, and Robert Dundas, Lord Advocate of Scotland, do attend the Service of this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

ment, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty,

" to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty " shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and *' Government

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr. Solicitor Gene- ral* 239.

M r. Serjeant J

Tellers for the Noes. J, J S3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed!

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to A Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into the said Committee;

A Motion was made, and the Question was propo-fed, That the House do now adjourn.

And the said Motions were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard have Leave to go into L»«eo/ the Country, for Ten Days, on his private Affairs. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Holbech have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on Account of the lllness of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on Account of the 111* ness of a near Relation.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Three of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 26° die Januarii j Anno 35* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1795. Pravirs.

Marine Mo- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iri a Bill for uny Bill order- the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore; And that Mr the Lord

and Mr. George Villiers, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

cd.

Supply

deferred.

A

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An v»nDyek* Act for naturalizing Peter Van Na,*Bllicom*

mi tied.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty -,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Way* and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mean* defer- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to r ' -consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to continue The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se-

act for f«cur- cond Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to PerfouTcom. he limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia-

raitted.

Dyck, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common petition from Council, of the Town and Port of Lynn, and of the the Corpora-several other Persons, whose Names are thereto sub- Lynn*g«?nft feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Eau Brink and Notice of the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of rai"*8e the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of iViggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for a improving

35 Geo. III.

2,6° Janiiarii.

93

improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River And

setting forth, That, a similar Bill having been brought into the House in the last Session of Parliament, the Petitioners, together with divers other Persons, respectively, prefrnted the following Petitions; viz. a Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the Borough of Lenne commonly called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Council assembled; — A Petition of Gentlemen, Merchants, and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk j — A Petition of the Proprietors of divers considerable Estates within the Country of MarflAand, in the County of Norfolk — A Petition of the several Proprietors of Estates in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, West Lynn, and South Lynn All Saints, in the County of Norfolk, lying on the East Side of the River Ouze} — A Petition of Mrs. Palmer and John Franklin, Esquire, joint Proprietors of the Right of Navigation on the River Ouze, from Saint Jves Staunch, in the County of Huntingdon, up to Barford Bridge, in the County of Bedford, &c. j — A Petition of the Proprietors or Owners of divers Commonable or Low, or Fen Grounds, situate and being in the several Parishes of Iflebam, Fordbam, and divers other Towns therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk, and Norfolk, and Isle of Ely, for, and on Behalf of themselves and the several other Proprietors or Owners of Commonable and Low, or Fen Grounds, within such several Parishes j — A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Commonalty, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves and others} — A Petition of divers Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon, subscribed on Behalf of themselves and others; — A Petition of the Noblemen and Gentlemen, Land Owners, Farmers, and others, on the Behalf of themselves, and other Persons interested in the Navigation of the Rivers Stoke, Brandon, and Mildenball, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; — A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Land Owners, and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, on the Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants of the said Town; nand, APetition of John Philips, a Proprietor of certain Lands, in a certain Fen or Place, called Redmoor, in Ely, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, on Behalf of himself and others, Proprietors of Lands in Redmoor aforesaid, praying that the same Bill might not pass into a Law: That the Petitioners were heard upon the said several Petitions, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, on the Second Reading of the said Bill, and produced Evidence, and examined many Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of their laid Petitions; and the Petitioners and the other Persons, on whose Behalf the said several Petitions were presented respectively, incurred very heavy Expencel* in collecting such Evidence, and in the Attendance which was required for the Purpose of giving the same j and that the Bill,-now brought into the House, being exactly similar to the former Bill, the Petitioners will be obliged to incur the Expence of presenting Petitions against the fame, and of re-producing the Evidence, at the Bar of the House, which was given against the former Bill, unless the House shall permit the Petitioners, and the other Persons who concurred in the said Petitions, to have the Benefit of the fame, and of the Evidence formerly given on their Behalf, and now in the Possession of, and printed by the Order of, the House} and therefore, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Persons who subscribed their said former Petitions, praying, That the said Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and may have the Benefit of the said Petitions, and of the Evidence so given on their Behalf respectively, during the last Session of Parliament, and Vox.# L.

now in the Possession of, and printed by, the Order of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time}

And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think, fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, id Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition}

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Newton Rc^*, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of- themselves and ^'t'itjoQ!ofore others, being Proprietors of, or having Rights in, cer- *' l0D‘ tain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows} Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the in the County of Warwick, and also having Right of Common on a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Clifton Heath, in the Parishes of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the ‘Thistles aforesaid, and Clifton Campville, in the County of Stafford, or One of them, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thistles, several.

Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing in the whole, by Estimation, 6oo Acres, or there- 1 abouts, belonging to the Petitioners and others; and there is, within the Manor of Clifton Campville, in the County of Stafford, and within the Parishes of Clifton Campville, in the same County, and ‘Nother-, wife Newton in the Thistles, aforesaid, or One of them} a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Clifton Heath, containing, by Estimation, about 380 Acres} and that the Petitioners, and divers other Persons, being Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Township of Clifton Campville, in the Parish of Clifton Campville aforesaid, and within the Township, Liberty, or Lordship of Chilcott,in the County of Derby, in the said

Parish of Clifton Campville, and within the Parish of Newton Regis aforesaid, respectively, are entitled to Right of Common upon the said last mentioned Common or Waste Ground } and that the Properties of the several Persons interested in, and entitled to, the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, are, at present, so dispersed and intermixed, that the same cannot be conveniently occupied nor advantageoufiy cultivated, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, to have the same inclosed and divided into specific Allotments, and it would be also beneficial to the Public, and advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said several Commons, or Parcels of Waste Ground, to have the same inclosed and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Littleton and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe- Aldridge in-veral Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of eiofure Bill Great Barr and Aldridge, in the Parish of Aldridge, in comMllt the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward

Littleton,the Earl Gower Sutherland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

B b Mr,

t>y

Pre£ot\C«Ad-over and Bt-fmgftokc. See, Road* Petition reputed.

Wintringham inclosuae Petition.

Sedgeford

IncloKire

Petition.

94 2 6° Januarii.A. 1795.

Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fut/frribed, refilling, or having Landed Property near, or adjacent to, the several Highways thereinafter described, was referred } That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the HouTe, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followed: viz.

' To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Green being examined, said, Thar the Common Highways leading through, the Parish of CandsJer, in the County of Southampton, from the JunClion of the Two Roads near to the Church, and through the several Parishes and Places mentioned in the Petition, are in many Parts founderous, dangerous to Travellers, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually widened, amended, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary CourfeofLaw: — And he added, that the said Highways are the direct Roads leading from Baftngstoke to the Market Towns of Alresford and

Alton in the said County, and would, if repaired, afford a more convenient Communication between several of the most populous Parts of the Counties of Berks and Oxford, and the Ports of Gosport and and

other Barts of the Sea Coast in the Counties of Southampton, Sussex, and Surrey, than at present exists thereabouts, and be, in other respects, of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Candover to Baftngjloke, in the county of,

and from thence to Alton, in the said County: And that Mr. Chute and Sir William do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Robert Smith, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Wintringham, in the County of Lincoln, Robert Hoi gate, John Atkinson, Thomas Crust, and others. Proprietors of certain Open, Uninclosed, and Unapportioned Lands and Grounds, in the said Parish of Wintringham, called The Cow Pasture, Compcfttion Clojes, and Hall Clojes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open, Uninclosed, and Unapportioned Lands and Grounds being, at particular Seasons of the Year, stockeefin Common by the several Proprietors thereof^ respectively, and some Part of the same being frequently Overflowed, or otherwise annoyed with Water, render the Occupation thereof inconvenient, difficult, and expenflve, and are incapable of much Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and apportioning the said Lands and Grounds, and for other beneficial Purposes, subject: to such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Samuel Smith, Sir John Thor old, and Mr. , Junior, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates, in the Parish of Sedgeford, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Walk Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and others; and that the said Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Wastes, are subject to various Rights of Sheep-walk,

Shackage, and Common; and great Part of the said Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, as well as the Breeks and Half Year or Shack Lands, are very inconveniently ILuated for the several Owners and Occupiers thereof; and the said Common f ield Lands lie intermixed and dispersed in small Pieces, and are, in their present Situation, of little Value; and that it would be of great Advantage to all the Parties interested, if such Rights of Sheep-walk, Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and if all the said Lands, Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, were divided, and specific Parts thereof set out and allotted to the several Proprietors, and all other Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations and Rfflriftions as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Sir John and Mr.

bart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for carrying info Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brush High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of Lavca; and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for amending the first mentioned A*5t, and for repairing certain other Roads in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be, collected upon the said Roads, which still remain due; and that the Term of the said Acts will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, and the said Roads cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term of the said Acts for such further Time as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Dent, Mr. Grey, &c. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called North Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of North P ether ton, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hippijley Coxe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Vicar of; and of the

Chapel Wardens, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the several other Persons, Land Owners and Inhabitants of and in the Chapelry of in

the Parish of Warden, and County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Chapel of the Chapelry of Haydon is a Chapel of Ease to the Vicarage or Parish Church of Warden, is an ancient Building, in a ruinous Condition, and insufficient in Point of Size, and also inconveniently ficuated for the Inhabitants of the said Chapelry to § attend

Brumpton <nd

Lanc:i«ttr

Ro.rdsfrution*

North Petherton Inclotitrc Bill commuted.

Il.ivdon Cha-pei Petition.

4

Petition from the Lofd Mayor, Aldermen, and Livery of London respecting Ae Wat*.

Swillingtoxt Incloiuie Petition.

35 Geo. III. 26° JanuariU

95

attend Divine Service thereto, and the building a new Chapel in a convenient Situation within the said Chapelry, sufficiently large for the Inhabitants, would be a great Benefit to them, and tend to the Encouragement of Religious Worship within the said Chapelry j and that the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at in the County of Kent, are Owners of the principal Part of the Lands lying within the said Chapelry, and, in or* der to accommodate the Inhabitants of the said Chapelry, have proposed to fee out, and give, a Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate at, or near, the Village of Jlaydon Bridge, within the said Chapelry, as a Scite for building a new Chapel, together with a Chapel Yard thereto, being a Convenient Situation for such Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the present Chapel of Haydon, and for building a new Chapel in

lieu thereof, and for diverting the said Parcel of Grpund out of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital for the Purposes above set forth, and that the same may be passed into a Law, under such Provisions as to the House fitall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And ic is referred to Mr. Grey, Mr. ,.

&c.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of His Majesty‘s most loyal and dutiful Subjects the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Liverymen, of the City of London, at the Guildhall of the said City, the 23d Day of January 1795. *n Common Hall assembled, was prefenced to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners deplore the Evil Consequences of Wat in general, but more particularly the calamitous Effects of the present War on the Trade, Manufactures, and Commerce, of the British Empire, and they conceive that none of the Ends proposed by the present War either have been, or. appear likely to be, obtained, although ic has been carried on at an unprecedented Expence to this Country, and has already produced an alarming Increase of the National Debt, augmented by Subsidies to Allies, who have not fulfilled their solemn Engagements, or rendered adequate Service for large Sums actually received by them: That the Petitioners, from their present View of Public Measures, presume humbly, but firmly, to express to the House their decided Conviction, that the Principle upon which the War appears now to be carried on neither is, nor can be, essential to the Prosperity, the Liberty, or the Glory, of the British Empire: And therefore praying, That the House, disclaiming all Right of interfering in the Internal Concerns of France, will be pleased to take such Measures, as they in their Wisdom shall think proper, for the Purpose of promoting a speedy Peace between Great Britain and the Power with whom we are now at War.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Owners of ancient Messuages or Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, and lrgs, within the Manor or Township of Swillin the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Manor or Township, a certain Parcel of Waite Ground, called Swillington Moor, or Common, and

other Parcels of Waste Grounds, containing together, by Estimation, about 150 Acres, whereon the Owners of ancient Messuages or Cottages, Lands and Tenements, within the said Manor or Township, have Right of Common, and also several Open and Uninclosed Field Lands, called Church Field, Freston Field, Stone Bridge Field, Dean Field, and Great Old Field, and certain Meadow Fields or Ings, called 'The Erratts and Tice J/rg, containing together 150 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Common and Waste Grounds, Open and Uninclosed Field Lands, Meadow Fields, or Ings, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if inclosed and divided into specific Allotments, would be of more equal and general Advantage to all Persons -interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given'to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, Open and Uninclosed Field Lands, Meadow Fields, or Ings, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smith and the Earl of Eujlottdo prepare, and bring in, the fame*

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster, upon Friday next, the 30th Day of this Instant Ja-

nuary.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Tewkesbury and its Neighbourhood, using the Roads leading to the City of Worcester, through the L?nAon'ox Upton Turnpike Gates, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are infoimed a Bill is now before the House, for making a Road within the Town of by

levying additional Tolls on the London and Upton Turnpike Gates; and that the present Roads within the Town of Worcester are sufficient^ for all the Purposes of the Merchant, Farmer, and Traveller, and the intended double Toll will be a heavy Burthen on the Petitioners,.the proposed Object of the Bill being for ornamenting an Entrance into that City, not for the general Improvement of the Roads: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against: the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render effectual so much of an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to improving the Entrance into the City of -cester from the London and Upton Roads, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Most Noble William Henry dish, Duke of Portland, and the humble Petirion of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners or Proprietors of, or interested in, the l'everal Commons or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Kirkly dftefield, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Commons or Waste Lands within the said Manor and Parish are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, and ic would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their r/spective Rights, Estates, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered,

Chaplain t* preach*

Petition from Tewkesbury against the Worcciter Avenue Bill*

Kirk by in A(hficldlnclai« sure Petition*

Address for Copy df Petition from the Officers of the East India Company's Troops.

Copy of Commission appointing Sir Gilbert Elliot Viceroy of Corsica, presented.

Motion re-lpccting fsace*

96 26 Januarii. 1795*-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish

Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Petition presented to His Majesty from the Officers of the Troops in the Service of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, Copy of Commission appoint- ing the Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baroner,

" Viceroy of Corsica, dated ift November 1794; —

" N. B. no Salary has yet been fixed for Sir Gilbert " Elliot as Viceroy of Corsica."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was,made, and the Question being proposed. That it is the Opinion of this House, That the Existence of the present Government of France ought not to be considered as precluding, -at this Time, a Negociation for Peace;

The House was moved, That the Address which, upon the 31st Day of December last, was agreed to by this House, to be presented to His Majesty, in Answer to His Majesty's most Gracious Speech at the Opening of the present Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 21st Day of January, in the last Session of Parliament might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the aid Day of January, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Address agreed to by this House, to be presented to His Majesty, in Answer to His Majesty's said most Gracious Speech, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the aift Day of January, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Translation of the Declaration published by His Majesty's Order 29th October 1793, which was presented to the House upon the said 21st Day of J, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 2iftDay of January, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Translation of the Declaration published in the King's Name, and by His Majesty's Order, by their Excellencies Vice Admiral Lord Hood, the Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, and Lieutenant General O'Hara, His Majesty's Commissioners Plenipotentiary at Toulon, aoth November 1793, which was presented to the House upon the said 21st Day of January, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the First Word That," to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words, under the present Circumstances, this " House feels itself called upon to declare its Deter-

" mination firmly and steadily to support His Majesty in the vigorous Prosecution of the present " just and necessary War, as affording, at this Time, " the only reasonable Expectation of permanent Se-<c curity and Peace to this Country j and that, for " the Attainment of these Objects, this House relies " with equal Confidence on His Majesty's Intention " to employ vigorously the Force and Resources of the Country in Support of its essential Interests; " and on the Desire, uniformly manifested by His Majesty, to effect a Pacification on just and honourable Grounds with any Government in.

" under whatever Form, which shall appear capable of maintaining the accustomed Relations of Peace " and Amity with other Countries," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Sheridan, ]

Mr. Whitbread, Ju- > 86.

nior: J

rr* a, r . xt (Mr. Aldworth Neville, 7 ,

Tellers for the Noes, j s|r *6,.

So it paired in the Negative.

Then the Question being proposed. That the Words, " under the present Circumstances, this House " feels itself called upon to declare its Determination " firmly and steadily to support His Majesty in the " vigorous Prosecution of the present just and ne- cessary War, as affording, at this Time, the only reasonable Expectation of permanent Security and " Peace to this Country; and that, for the Attain-14 ment of these Objects, this House relies with equal " Confidence on His Majesty's Intention to employ " vigorously the Force and Resources of the Country " in Support of its essential Interests; and on the <* Desire, uniformly manifested by His Majesty, to effect a Pacification-on just and honourable Grounds with any Government in France, under whatever " Form, which shall appear capable of maintaining " the accustomed Relations of Peace and Amity with " other Countries," be inserted instead thereof.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out from the Word " declare," to the End of the Amendment, in order to insert these Words, " that the Existence of " any particular Form of Government in France, 44 ought not to preclude such a Peace between the " Two Countries, as, both in itfe!*f, and in the Manner of effecting it, should be otherwise confident with the Safety, Honour, and Interests of Great Britain," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out of the said proposed Amendment, stand Part thereof.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. {*£;J^54-

Tellers for she Noes, fg" } 90.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by adding at the End thereof, these Words, " and that this House are not of lf Opinion, that there are Circumstances in the prefont existing Government of France, which preclude " all Negociation with the said Government, or render it incapable of maintaining the accustomed Re- lations of Peace and Amity with other Countries." And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That after the First Word That," in the original Question, the Words . under

35 Geo. III.

i6° — 28° Januarii.

under the present Circumstances, this House feels itself called upon to declare its Determination firmly and steadily to support His Majesty in the vigorous Prosecution of the present just and necessary War, as affording, at this Time, the only reasonable Expectation of permanent Security and Peace to this railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. Country and that, for the Attainment of

97

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, Tharthis House yirillj Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

Ways and Means deferred.

Resolution respecting (he War.

Attainment of these Objects, this House relies with equal Confidence on H is Majesty's Intention to employ vigorously the Force and Resources of the Country in Support of its essential Interests; and on the Desire uniformly " manifested by His Majesty to effect a Pacification f* on just and honourable Grounds, with any Government in France, under whatever Form, which *' shall appear capable of maintaining the ac-u customed Relations of Peace and Amity with other Countries," be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put Re/olved, That, under the present Circumstances, this House feels itself called upon to declare its Determination firmly and steadily to support His Majesty in the vigorous Prosecution of the present just and necessary-War, as affording, at this Time, the only reasonable Expectation of permanent Security and Peace to this Country and that, for the Attainment of these Objects, this House relies with equal Confidence on His Majesty's Intention to employ vigorously the Force and Resources of the Country in Support of its essential Interests and on the Desire, uniformly manifested by His Majesty, to effect a Pacification on just and honourable Grounds with any Government in France, under whatever Form, which shall appear capable of maintaining the accustomed Relations Peace and Amity with other Countries.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die 5

Anno Georgii IIItn Regis, 1795. Prayers.

Or D ERE D, That all Committees be revived.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadbws, Pastures, and Downs, and all the Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Cold-Aston, otherwise , in the County of Gloucester* was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Captain Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meec this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committees

revived.

Cold-Aftoi) Inclosure Bill committed.

Leave of Absence.

Orders for Attendance of certain Members di (charged.

Bill to continue Act for securing iitlptftttl Persons, deferred.

Supply cUfer-

Itsl.

Ordered, That Mr. Loveden have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on Account of the Illness of a near Relation.

Ordered, Thac Mr. William Henry Bouverie have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on Account of the Illness of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Har cou have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Lord William Gordon have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Notice being taken. That the Right honourable Lord Viscount Fielding, and Clement Esquire,

were now present in their Places, in the House*

The Orders, made upon Friday last, for the said Members to attend the Service of this House on <Tuesday, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, discharged.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on , upon the Bill

to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain such " Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring " against His Perl'on and Government," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly*

And the House, having continued to fit till after Five of the Clock on 'Tuesday Morning.

Ordered, That the said'Order be discharged. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Orders of the Day being read liefclved. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of1 the whole Vol. Li

Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Subscribers for making a of Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of New in

the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Nor-tbam, within the Liberties of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Southamptonund , was referred That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications fur Navigation Bills, had been complied with* and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House* and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Hill being examined, said. That a cpn-siderable Trade by Land Carriage, is carried on between the Town of Southampton and the City of New Sarum, and its Neighbourhood, and with the several Towns of Andevor, Stockbridge, and other

Places adjacent, in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts', and that by Surveys and Levels ta!$.en lately by him, it is practicable to make and maintain a Navigable Canal for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the Town and Port of Southampton, to join the Andevor Canal, at or near Redbridge, in the Parish of in the County of Southampton, and to go from and out of the said Andevor Canal, at or near Mitchelmatfi Common in the County of Southampton, to extend ta the City of New Sarum in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch from the said Town of Southampton to Northam, within the Liberties of the said Town and County of Southampton, to join the Navigable River of Itchen there, through the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places of Holy Rhood, Saint All Saints, and Saint M, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, Four Posts, of Milbrocke, and Redbridge, in the County of to join the Andevor Canal there, and from and out of the said Andevor Canal, through or near the several Pariflhes, Hamlets, or Places of Mitchelmarsh, -

G-e font,

South am pjtari and New £a-ruin Canal Petition reported.

e

98 a8° Januarii. A. 1795-

font. Locker ley, East Dean, West Dean, East Grim (lead, to grant to the Petitioness such Relief in the Premises

West Grimstead, Alderbury, Milford, and Saint Martin's as to the House shall seem proper,

in the City of Nett) Sarum,in the Counties of South- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

ampton and Wilts, with a Collateral Branch from the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-said Town of Southampton to Northam, in the Parish of amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Saint Mary, within the Liberties of the Town and shall appear to them, to the House:

County of the Town of Southampton,to join the Navi- And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

gable River of Itchenthere. — And being further exa- &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, mined, he said. That the making of the same will be at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; of great Public Utility, by opening Communications and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-with the Sea and the Quays of Southampton, and the cords, said Navigable River of Itchen, and will extend the

Intercourse and Advantage of Trade, Navigation, and Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Preston and Commerce, and improve the Lands and Estates in the to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for wjgan Roa4 said respective Counties i Then, carrying into Execution the Term and Powers of art ported"*

Mr. Abraham Seward, Mr. John Garland, and Mr. Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Ma-

George Talden Fort, Ming severally examined, con- jesty's Reign, and also for repealing several Acts, made firmed the Evidence of Mr, Hill with respect to the in the Thirteenth of George the First, and the Fourth Public Utility of making the said Navigable Canal and and Twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating Cut. to the Road between and in the County

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Palatine of Lancaster, and also for more effectually for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from widening and amending the said Road, and also to the Town and County of the Tow^of Southampton to repeal the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of His the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with present Majesty, was referred; That the Committee a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of

of the Town of Southampton: And that Mr. Amyatt,

Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, and.Mr. Rose, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Montrose A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town

Scoti'Pttition, Council, of the Burgh of Montrose, in North Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by Three Acts passed, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Seventh Year of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, was laid upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for l'upplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Mo-. nies arising from the said Duty, since the Commencement of the said Three Acts of Parliament, have been faithfully applied, by the Trustees, to the Intents, Uses, and Purposes, and for carrying on the Public Works, as by the said Acts are directed, but the same cannot be completed, or effectually kept in Repair, the Public Debts of the Town paid off, nor Funds obtained for building and maintaining a new Pier (which the Petitioners find it will be necessary to erect on the North West Side of the Harbour of Montrose) without a Continuance of th.e said Duties; and that the Town of Montrose has of late much increased in Trade and Populousness, as well as in Extent of Buildings, and although the Streets and Lanes thereof have for several Years past been lighted, in consequence of the Resolutions and Voluntary Assessment of the Inhabitants, yet, as there is no permanent Fund, or Provision, for defraying the Expence, ,nor any ^Authorities or Powers veiled in any Person, for erecting, lighting, and supporting Lamps, in the Streets and Lanes of tTie Town, in such Manner as is necessary for the effectually lighting thereof, the Petitioners conceive that it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants, that proper Authorities, Powers, and Provisions, necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, should be granted for those Purposes: And therefore praying, that the imposition, or Doty, granted by the said Three Acts, may be continued, with such additional Provisions as may be judged proper for making the same effectual, and that such Authorities, Powers, and Provisions, may be inserted in the Bill as may be deemed necessary for crefting, lighting, and supporting Lamps in the Streets and Public Lanes of the Burgh of Montrose, and for levying an Assessment on the Inhabitants for defraying the Expence thereof, or the\House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Pala- tine of Lancaster‘, and for repealing several Acts,

" made in the Thirteenth Year of King me First,

" and the Fourth and Twenty-third Years or his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads," was read And,

Mr. Thomas Myers, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said. That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be paid off, nor the Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made thereto; and that it will be necessary to increase some of the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr.

Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Tennyson, and others, Proprie- Scartho lrcl»-tors of certain Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, sure Petition, and Grounds, in the Parish of Scartho, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the said Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are, in general, inconveniently situated, so as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive to the respective Proprietors, or otherwise incapable of much Improvement:. And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to divide and inclose the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, and for other beneficial Purposes, subject to such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thac

Mr.

tand Tax

Commissioners BUI oidaed.

ieare of Abit&ce*

Mutiny. Bill pretested*

Counter*

Bridge and Jfler-Aorth Kojd v Petition xcpuxletl.

55 Gfco. III. lB° Januariu

Mr. Dudley North, and Mr. Harrison do- prepare, and of the Sessions House for the County of Middlesex, at bring in, the fame. the last Quarter Sessions for the said County j

and that the Committee had examined the Matter of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the said Petition, and had directed him to report tho' appointing C'ommissioners to put in Execution an Act fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he of this Session of-Parliament, intituled, "An Act for read the Report in his Place; artd afterwards delivered " granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, it iri at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read;

" to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the and is as followeth;

" Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

" five," together with those named in Two formes the said Act's were fead I — And;

Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax: Mr. being examined, said, That the Truf-

And that Mr. Hcbart, Mr. Ross, and Mr. Charles Longi tees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts;

do prepare, and bring in, the fame. and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon

the Credit of the respective Tolls by the said ftrft-men-Ordered, That Sir Roger Mojlynhave Leave to go tioned Act authorized to be collected; but, that from' into the Country, for a Month, on his Private Af- the great Decrt-afe in the Tolls, arising chiefly from the fairs. Carriages employed in conveying the Mails being ex-

Ordered, That Mr. William Egerton have Leave to empted from the Payment of Tolly and the great De-go into the Country, for Three Weeks, on his private crease in the Number of Port Chaises since the Efta-Affairs. blishment of Mail Coaches; the increased Price of

Ordered, That the Lord Grey have Leave to go Materials for amending the said Road, owing to the into the Country, for Three Weeks, on his private Gravel Pits near the same b'eing'exhausted, and thereby Affairs. the Carriage of Materials greatly lengthened, and the

Ordered, That Mr Brooke have Leave to go into Necessity of laying on a greater Quantity than formerly,-the Country, for Three Weeks, on his private Af- the Gravel that is now to be got being of a much fairs. worse Quality; the increased Price of Labour; the

Ordered, That Colonel Graham have Leave to go Hire of Teams, and every other necessary Article,-the into the Country, for a Fortnight, on His Majesty's high Rate of Interest paid for the Money borrowed;

Service. and the Increafeof Debt,-owing to a Succeflionof wet'

Ordered, That Mr. 'Thomas Wiliams have Leave to Winters; and, from many other Cauf-s, the Trustees go into the Country, for Three Weeks, on his private find, that the said Road cannot be effectually amended Affairs. and kept in good Repair, and the Money now due

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane have Leave to go and owing be re-paid, ynlefs the Terms granted by into the Country, for Three Weeks, on his private the said Acts be further continued and the Powers Affairs. thereof enlarged,*and some additional Tolls granted<-~

Then,

Mr. Hobart presented to the; House, according to Charles Greentree, Surveyor to the said Road, being-Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; examined, confirmed the Evidence of the last Wit-and for the better Payment of the Army and their ness, respecting the Difficulty and Expence of procur-Quarters: And the same was received; and read the ing Gravel for amending the said Road, and of its in-First Time. fcrior Quality.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Mr. Mainwaringreported from the Committee, to Acts, made in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of the

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put- Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High-ting in Execution Two Acts, made in the Seventh and ways from that Part of Counters Bridge which lies in T.hirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Parish of in the County of

for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's leading through the Towns of Brentford and Bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kensington,in the to the Powder Mills in the Road to , and to

County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Brentford and Ilouvfoto,to the Powder Mills in the Co In brook, and for repairing, turning, or altering the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the County, in the Road to Colnli ook, and for repairing. End of Lane, to the Town of , in the said

turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of of Teddingt; and also the Highway leading out-

IJlewortbin the said County, and from thence to a of the said great Road, near Turn -

Gate on the South Side of Teddington Field, and also pike, to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Highway leading out of the said great Road near the Town aforesaid; and for lighting and

Small berry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the watering Part of the said Highways: And that Mr* .

Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, Mainwaring, Mr. Byng, and Sir Charles Morgan do pre-

ar.d for lighting and watering Part of the said High- pare, and bring in, the fame, ways, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was

referred; That the‘Committee had examined, and A Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from' Hyde Park found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, but Roads within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Koadi'kill'*

that, at a Meeting of the said Trustees in June last, Square, Saint Margaret committed,

the Treasurer was requested to make out a particular and Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for light —

Account of their Receipt and Expenditure; that, being, watching, and watering the fame, except a certain

fore he had been able to state such Account, he was Part thereof, was read a Second Time,

taken extremely ill, which prevented him from deli- - Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-vering the Account in Time for giving the Notices waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this required by the Standing Orders of the House, upon Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's the Result of which Account depended the Necefilty Chamber, of the present Application to Parliament;* and that

Notices were given Three Times in The London Evening A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Wrothara Post, in the Month of December last, and on the Door thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing an Act, He»th»ni

rr j Maidftont

passed Petition

Winterborne Earls, See. In. closure Petition,

Wrovghton Judo.'urc Peti< ton.

roo 28° Januani. A. 1795.

passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-f?nt Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from The Royal Oak on Heath to the

Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from

thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of Maidjlons, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read. Setting forth; That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have made a very considerable Progress in repairing the said Roads, in doing which a large Debt has been contracted, which (till remains undischarged; and that the said Roads cannot be eflxftually amended and kept in Repair, and the said Debt paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof amended and enlarged; and the Petitioners conceive it will be of great Public Utility and Advantage if a new Cut was made from the present Turnpike Road, leading between Mereworth and Hadlow, in the said County of Kent, to join the present Road leading between IVrotbam and Maidstone: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Chute,

8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Penruddocke Wyndham, Esquire, Nicholas Nicholas, Esquire, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Earls, and Allington, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, are now divided into small Parcels, intermixed with each other, and the said Downs are Commonable, and, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein in Severalty, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Rights and Interests, the same would be more convenient to them, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing such Clauses, and under and subject to such Regulations and Orders, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, putfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hujey and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of the Estates within that Part of the Parish of Wroughlon, in the County of Wilts, which is situate, lying, and being in the Hundred of and

Everley, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within that Part of the Parish of Wroughlon aforesaid, certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons of Pasture, and other Commonable Places, which lie intermixed, and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation,

are ^capable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Allotments, according to each Person's Right therein, and inclosed, it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners, and all others interested in the said Lands, Commons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons of Pasture, and Commonable Places: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham and Mr. Hujfey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, in the County of Hertford, so as to render the Navigation thereof more safe and convenient, and for making some other Amendments and Alterations in an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have afiented, di(fented,or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon, in the room of the Honourable Henry Paget, commonly called Lord Paget, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted a Commiflfonor Lieutenant Colonel in His Majesty's Army.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they stood at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, on the 5th Day of this Instant "Januawith the Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable thereon.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most speedy and effectual Mtans for procuring an additional Supply of Men for His Majesty's Naval Service.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and de- tain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are " conspiring against His Person and Government

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr- Speaker do now leave the Chair.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TeHers for the Yeas, ' «

Tellers for the Noes. } \ U'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

-J- Then

Bill to vary the Course of Part of The Grand Junction Canal, reported.

Carnarvon

Writ.

Account of Public Debts ordered.

Means for procuring an additional Supply of Men for the Navy to be contidered.

Committee on Billtocontn.ue Act for fee up* ing suspected Persons.

Billto continue act for iVcur-liig suspected Pei tons reported

Lean of Absence*

Supply

deferred*

Ways and Means deferred*

Reading Paring, &c. Pcti« ttou xepouciU

35 Geo. III. — 290

id

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker lpft the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watfontook the Chair of the Com-rhirtee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto i which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in h>s Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feve.ally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be

ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Peel have Leave to go into the Country, for a Week, on.his private Affairs.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ' House, to consider further of the Supply granted to H is Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 90 die Januarii j

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Matthias Deane, Clerk to the Commissioners, being examined, said, That the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but that the Powers thereof, have been found inefficient for the Purposes of fully completing the several Works thereby directed to be done.

And the Witness added, That as the Public will' be greatly benefited by having the said several Works fully performed, and- that as the Inhabitants of the said Borough are not of themselves able to bear the whole Expence of the intended Public Improve, ments, it is presumed reasonable that a Toll on all Cattle and Carriages passing in, to, and through the said Borough, on Sundays, and on Race Days, should be granted in Aid of the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more eft'cdlual an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fur paving the Footways in the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, for better repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, in the said Borough, and for removing Encroachments, Obstruiflions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future: And that Mr. Francis Annesley and Mr worth Neville, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Salufbury have Leave to go Lnve of into the Country, for a Fortnight, on special Affairs. Absence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Caunton are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves p"^'nre artd others, Owners of Estates within the Parish of ' Caunton, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, in the said Parish, being . greatly intermixed, and subject on that Account to frequent Trespasses and great Inconveniencies, cannot, in their present Situation, be improved in the Manner -they might be if divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Prayers.

MR. Francis Annesley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners, named and authorized in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving the Footways in the Borough of " Reading, in the County of , for better re- pairing, cltanfing, lighting, and watching, the " Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, in the said Borough, and for removing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future," and also of the several other Persons, Inhabitants of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared ro them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read] and is as followeth; viz,

Vol. L.

A Petition of Francis Ferrand Esquire, Noirti Levtr-

George Mason, Esquire, Ralph Walker, Gentleman, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto ci^urt'pcti-subscribed, Proprietors of, and interested in Lands '*-« and Grounds, in the Parishes of North Lepertsn and Hablejiborpe, otherwise Apefthorpe, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes; certain Open Fields, and Pieces and Parcels of Arable,

Meadow, and Failure Grbund, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, To that the fame, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, together with the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said respective Parishes, were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to the several Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

D d A Petition

and Winchef* ter Roads Petition.

Pr?ci, Arc. inclosure Bill presented.

idi ^ariudrii:A. 179^.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place, called , near the

Town of Bag foot, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and in

the same County, and from thence, through,

holly born, Alton, Chawton, R New

Alresford, and Mattinglcy, otherwise Matterley to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was presented. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Roads leading from a Place, called Bajingstone near the Town of Bagfoot, in the

" Parish of Windlesham,in the County of Surrey,

" through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, ^and from thence, through Bentley, Hollybcrn, Alton,

Chawton, Ropley, Bifoop's Sutton, New Alresford, and " Mattingley,otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City

«« of Winchester, in the County of and

another Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an *« Act, made imthe Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for * repairing and widening the Roads leading from a " Place, called Bafuigstone,near the Town of

" in the Parish of Windlefoam, in the County of Surrey,

*f through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County,

and from thence, through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton,

Chawton, Ropley, Bifoop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton," by

which last recited Act the said Roads were divided into two Districts, called 'The Upper and Lower trtfls, and separate Trustees appointed for the Care and Management of each; and that the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, within their respective Districts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, which Money, together with the said Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts, but the Debts, so incurred, cannot be paid oft, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, apd some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and that it will be necessary to alter some of the Tolls: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Re- gulations ind Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Mr.

Chute, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands in the Pari flics of Frees, Moreton Say, and Stanton upon Hineheath, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time

Mr. Amyatt presented to the House, according to somhampwA

Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable *umCanJ*K<ii Canal from the Town and County of the Town 6f pefemed. Southampton to the City of New Sarum,in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, withirt the Liberties of the Toirn of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Tinie.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto ijchfeeily subscribed. Owners of Land, in the Counties of Lanerk, Dumbarton, and Stirling, was presented to the House, and r<ti-' read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed In the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing " several Roads leading into the City of and by another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty, intituled, *An Act to explain,

amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed " in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His ,c present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing " several Roads leading into the City of ,"

and by another Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the " Terms and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentysixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, fa far as the same relates to the District of Roads from " Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Gla/gozv to " Redburn Bridge, and for altering and ascertaining " the Course of the last mentioned District of Road," certain Trustees were authorized to survey, order, repair, and keep in Repair, the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and sundry Powers were thereby given to the said Trustees, particularly to borrow certain Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls to be collected on the said Road; and that a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Acts, and great Progress has been made in making, repairing, and widening, the said Road, but the same cannot be effectually made, repaired, kept in Repair, and widened, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and further and other Powers granted for thqfe Purposes; and that the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Calder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Balmore, to or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near Lawmuir, to the Town of Old Kilpatrick, and the Road branching off the before-mentioned Road leading over Garngad Hill to Pravan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, which are not comprized in the Acts of Parliament before-mentioned, are in many Parts out of Repair, unsafe, narrow, and incommodious, and can-noc be effectually repaired, widened, and rendered safe and commodious, without the interposition of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending or enlarging the Term, and altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Acts, of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in so far as {he same relate to the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the aforesaid Road, and also for the more effectually making, repairing, keeping in Repair, and widening, the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Calder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Balmore, to or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near Lawmuir, to the Town of Old Kilpatrick, and the aforesaid Branch over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the Cumbernauld Turnpike Road, in such Manner, and with such Powers, as to the Hoyfe shall seem proper.

6 Ordered,

iPetitlcn from certain Com* mifTicners for drairing the South Level, against Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill.

holme upon the Wolds Inclosure Petition.

35 Geo. lit.

i£° Janu

ir\

03

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration. of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Archibald , Lord

Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the ^Ipeakeris Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Major Part of the Commissioners, duly appointed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford and in

the County of Cambridgebetween the River

" otherwise Grant, Well, and the Hard Lands of " Bottisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and East, and for impdwering the Governor, Bailiffs, " and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called " Bedford Level,to fell certain Fen Lands, lying " within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called 4‘ vested Lands," and an Act of Parliament, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and " render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh " Year of His present Majesty's Reign,intituled, "An " Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, " and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part " of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called " Bedford Level, and in the County, of " between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and " the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and 4t Swaffham Prior, East, and for impowering the Governor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company " of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, " commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen " Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invejled Lands," was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through

the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's , in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place, called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers, communicating with the said River Ouze\ and Setting forth. That the said Bill contains divers Clauses, Powers, and Regulations, which, if carried into Effect, will be highly prejudicial to the above-mentioned Fen Lands and Low Grounds: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by their Counsel, and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect the above-mentioned Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Fields, Pastures, or Commons, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and reads Setting forth, That

1 . f , . „ ,

there are, within the Township of Holme upon the Wolds in the Parish of Holme upon the Wolds, in the East: Riding of the County of York, certain Open Fields, Pastures, or Commons, computed to contain about t,4$o Acres; and that, the said Fields, Pastures, or Commons, in their present Situation are capable of very little Improvement, bur, if the same were inclosed, and speciftc Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Proprietors interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes.above-mentioned, lubjjeft to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Buncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fathe.

A Petition of the Reverend Henry William Haiifti

hurst. Vicar of Halifax, in the County of r,. was p^j^* presented to the House, and read: Setting forth; That the Town of Halifax is large and very populous, and there is only one Church in it, which is become inconveniently situate to the Inhabitants in general, being at the East Extremity of the Town, which of late Years hath greatly increased towards the West; and that the Petitioner, being desirous of erbfting another Church in the West Part of the Town, hath contracted for the Purchase of a proper Plot of Grouad for a Church and Cemetery, or Church Yard; with the Governors and Trustees of the United Chanties of Nathaniel Water house, being Parcel of such. Charity Estates, and is willing to undertake the building and finishing of such Church and Church Yard, having some Share of Property therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing the Contraft for the Purchase of the said Plot of Ground, and enabling the Petitioner to build and finish a Church and Church Yard thefeon; under such Terms, Regulations, and Restrictions, is to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforte and Mr; Buncombe do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Fmlby.Swaii-' Tenemems, and Hereditaments, within the Open *^'^ndIn" Fields, Commons, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and Drainage Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Ferri- ,ltion* by, Swanland, West-Eita, Kirk-Ella, and in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull', and of that Part of the Township of Witterby which'lies withirt the County of Tbrk, and also of the Owners and Proprietors of ancient inclosed Lands withiti the said several Townships, whole Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are. Within the said Townships, several Open, Common, Arable, or Tillage Fields and Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, and the Lands of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed and difpetfed in small Parcels; and, in their present State, are incapable of any cao-siderable Improvement; and that within the said Townships are also several Common Pastures; Ings;

Meadows, and Waste Grounds, and thfc Lands <jf the Petitioners and others in the said Ings, Meadows; and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; and the said Comnrtbns and Waftfe Gfouhds; and the said Ings, Meadows; and Pastures; art frequently Overflowed; or otherwise annoyed with Water; and; in their present State, capable 6f little or ho Improvement; and that, if the said Open, Arable, of Tillage Fields and Lands were divided and inclosed, and the said several Commons, Ings, Meadows; Pastures, and

to4 290 Janudnu 1795;

Waste Grounds, effefhially drained, divided, and inclostrd, and specific Shares thereof#allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Intercfts, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interestrd therein; and that, within the said several Townlhipsare certain ancient inclosed Lands, subject to Tythe in Kind, and the Proprietors of the said Lands are desirous that the same should be exonerated from such Tythes, and that a Compensation in lieu thereof should be made to the several Impropriators by Allotments of Land out of the said Open Grounds, or by a Money Payment, to be Annually issuing out of, and charged upon, the said Old Inclosure: And therefore praying. That L eave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving, the said several Open, Arable, or Tillage Fields, Lands, Commons, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds respectively, and , for exonerating the said ancient inclosed Lands from the Payment of Tythe in Kind, and for such other Purposes, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-, amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Buncombe,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wallingford Mr. Sykes reported from the Committee, to whom Petition re«" Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common-

poited. alty, of the Borough of in the County of Berks, who have thereunto atfixed their Common Seal, and of the Gentry, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Committee had examined, and found that such Part of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, as di-rests Notices to be affixed upon the Door of the Sessions House at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the County in which the Town to be paved is situate, had been complied with; but that the Notices directed to be given in the Newspapers, in the Months of August or September, had not strictly been complied with, the same having been published twice in The Reading Mercury in the Month of September, and once in the Month of and also inserted once

in The Oxford Journal, in the Month of September, both which Papers are circulated in the Town and Neighbourhood of Wallingford-, and that the Committee had also found, that the Reason why the Standing Orders were not strictly complied with in this Particular was, that it had not been determined to apply > to Parliament soon enough to enable the Petitioners to

advertise Three Times in The Reading Mercury in the Month of September, the same being only a Weekly Paper; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. ..... . Hedges, Town Clerk of being examined, said. That the Footways, of the Streets, Pafla-ges, and Places in the said Borough are not properly paved, and the said Streets, Passages, and Places are not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are greatly' obstructed and annoyed by Encroachments, Spouts, and Gutters; that if Power was given to p^ve the said Footways, and to cleanse, light, watch, and regulate the said Streets, Passages, and Places, and to , remove and prevent all Nuisances, Encroachments,

Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, it would tend greatly to the Benefit, Safety, and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the fud Borough, and all Persons resorting thereto. — And the Witness added. That as Wallingford was a great Thoroughfare, and the Public would be materially benefited by the intended Improvements, it is proposed to lay a Toll on Carriages and Horses passing through the Town on Sundays, the*

Inhabitants not being able to bear the whole Expence thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of , in the County of Berks, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein: And that Mr. Sykes and Sir Francis Sykes do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Fielding have Leave Leave of to go into the Country, for Ten Days, on His Ma- Abf«nee* jesty's Service.

Ordered, That Mr. Fludyer have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Williams Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Benfield have L.cave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on Account of the Death of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Sir John Barrington have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third b;'1 so centime Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the lad Sef- Ptrionspafliai. fion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impower " His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J Mr! John Smy: }

Tellers for the Noes, } 4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and " detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect " are conspiring against His Person and Government."

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Hotifprefolve* the House this Day, adjourn till Morning lo

next. °m Jy'

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Bury and His-to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose '"s^nKoad*

9 Portion re*

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for ported, executing so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, turning,

" varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentle- man, to Haslingden, and from thence to the East

" End

35 Geo. III. 10° januar 105

,* End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the " Road from Hajlingdenaforesaid, to the East End of Cockjhut Bridge,in the Town of and also

" the Road from Hajling aforesaid, through New " Church and Bacup, to and for making a

" Road, from the said Roacf, between Bury and Haflingden, in the Township of to the River

Irwell, and for building a Bridge over the said . " River, all in the Count? Palatine of as relates to the first District of Road by that Act intended to be amended, widened, turned, varied, altered, and kept in Repair, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that such Part of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, as directs Notices to be affixed upon the Doors of the Session Houses, at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Counties where the Roads to be repaired do lie, had been complied with; but that the Notices directed to be given in the Newspapers* in the Months of August or , had not strictly

been complied with, the same having been published Once in Three different Newspapers in the Month of September, and that the same had also been pub-liffied Three Times in the Month of and that

the Committee had also found, that the Reason why the Standing Orders of the House were not strictly complied with in this Particular was, that although Three different Meetings of the Trustees had been called, a sufficient'Number to form a Meeting could not be got together till the 25th of September last, after which Time it was not possible to insert the Notices Three Times in any One Newspaper, the Newspapers for the County being all published Weekly; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; And,

Mr. William Carr, Junior, being examined, said, That a large Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said first District of Road, which cannot be paid off, nor the Road effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and ' some Alterations and Amendments made thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, turning, varying, al-" tering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman,

" to Hajlingden, and from thence to the East End of " Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road " from Hajlingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockjbut «« Bridge, in the Town of Wballey, and also the Road " from Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church and " Bacup, to Todmorden, and for making a Road, from the said Road between Bury and Hajlingden, in the " Township of Walmerjley, to the River Irwell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in

" the County Palatine of Lancajterf as relates to the first District of Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wigpinton A Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners

incioiure Peti- of Lands within the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts,

on‘ of Wigginton, in the County of Oxford, whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there arc, within the said Parish, Liberties, and Precincts, certain Open Vox.. L.

Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein i And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dolben and Mr. Burton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners Westcott Bar-of Lands within the Parish and Precincts of Westcott ‘°n,&e. incio-Barton, and within the Liberty and Precincts of Mid- lufe etmuD‘ die Barton, in the Parish of Steeple Barton, in the County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish,

Liberty, and Precincts, certain Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Fields,

Wastes, and Common Ground, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House Hi all seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dolben and Mr. Burton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to van Dyck's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nat. Bill An Act for naturalizing Peter Dubbeldemuts Van Dyck, and

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill ta the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, according Trin'eyincto. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open {^ed‘:lpre" and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Trinley, otherwise Tirley, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the'

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, accord- Chattiiley ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inc!olu,f B, R Open and Common, Fields, Common Meadows, Com- 1>reente tnon Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Chapelry of Chattijley, otherwise Chaccley, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

E e Mr.

Lind Tax Commissioners Bill presented

Day appointed for Second Heading of Mutiny Bill.

East Lexhaift and Great Dunham Inclosure Ptti-tion.

Eatington Ircloi'ure and Church Petition.

io 6 ip Januaril.-

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to putin Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, inti-i tuled, * An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britaini for *f the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax: Arid the same was received j and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for, the better Payment of the Army stnd their Quarters* be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luneey 20 die;

Anno 35° Georgii III*" Regis 1795. Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Com-rtion, and other Rights and Interests, within the adjoining Parishes of East Lexbamand Great in

the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, divers Lands and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and that the said Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, are subjpft to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part of the said Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, and Half Year or Shack Lands, are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof j and it would be advantageous to the several Parties entitled to, and interested in, the Premises, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Commons, were extinguished, and the said Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, and interested therein, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, which Extin-guishment of Rights, and such Division and Allotments would be not only of manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested in the Premises, but also of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Wodehouse and Mr. Coke of Norfolk do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, within the Townships or Hamlets of Upper Eatington and Fullready, in the Parish of

Lower Eatington, in the County of Warwick, and also

of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and several of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships or Hamlets, several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and

— i° Februarii. A. 17

Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, and of Public Utility; if the same were divided and inclosed; and that the Church of the said Parish is in a ruinous Condition, and, being at the Extremity of the Parish, is very inconveniently fituared for the Attendance of the Inhabitants at Divine Worship, and if the said Church was taken down, and a new one erected instead thereof, as near to the Centre of the said ParishT as conveniently may be, and a proper Cemetery, or Burial Ground, let our, adjoining, or near thereto, it would be a great Accomodation to all the Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efiefting the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of1 a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John , Sir George

Augustus William Shuckburgh &c.: And they

are to meet T o-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of tie most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, Lord of the Manor of , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Navigable Cut may be made from the Cut or Canal of the Petitioner, in the Township of Worsley aforesaid, to the Township of Paininglon, near the Town of , in the said County;

and that the making and maintaining such Navigable Cut as aforesaid would be of great Benefit to all Persons residing or having Estates near the Line thereof, and of Public Utility, and the Petitioner is desirous, at his own Expence, to make, support, and maintain the said Cut: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize and impower him to make and maintain such Navigable Cut a9 aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Egerton, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Sedgwick , Clerk,

William Blackburrow, Thomas Blackburrow, Edmund Sheppard, Gentlemen, and other?, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Banwell Moor, Banwell Hurst, Banwell Hill, Smeath's Moor, Blackmore Green, and a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mendip, called Churchill Hill, and also several other Open, Uninclosed, Waste, or Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor of Banwell,in the County of Somerset \ and that

the said Thomas Sedgwick Whalley, William Blackburrow, Thomas Blackburrow, Edmund Sheppard, and others, are entitled to Rights of Common upon the said . Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, in Right of their Tenements, commonly called Old Auster or ancient Tenements, and it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, if the same were properly divided and inclosed, but also of Public 2 Utility:

WorlTiv an J Painingtott Canal retkion*

Banwell Incf^ sure Petition.

r>

'A.

55 Geo. ill.

2° Februani.

Newlyn Pier Petition*

Heworthi

Inclosure

Petition*.

EeVington

Inclosure

Petition*

Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Meihe Inclosures,' given to pring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the the Property of the Petitioners and others, which are,' said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, as to the House in their present State, incapable of Improvement, but_ shall seem meet. . the fame, if divided and inclosed, might be cultivated

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, and greatly improved, which would be of great Be-, pursuant to the Prayer of the said. Petition: And that nefit and Advantage to the several Persons. interested Mr. Hippijley Coxe and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, therein, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying,

and bring in, the fame. That Leave may be given to bring-iri a Bill for divid-

ing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands,

A Petition of William Harris, Esqilire, of Keneggy, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, in such Man-

in the Parish of Gulval, and County of Cornwall, Arid ner, and under such Regulations, as the House lhiall William Burge/s, William Hickens, Edward Tregurtba, think proper.

Thomas Love± Thomas Leah, William Pollard, Charles Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Francis, Inhabitants of, and others, Fish Curers in, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Newlyn, in the Parish of Paul, and County aforesaid, Mr. Mundy and Lord John do prepare, and

was presented to the House, and read; Setting.forth, bring in, the fame.

That a considerable Fishery is carried on ait Newlyn

aforesaid, but the Petitioners and others engaged in A Petition of the federal Persons, whose Nanhe are Barihrough it areexposed to considerable Inconveniencies and Loss thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, or incioiure from the Want of a larger and more convenient Pier interested in, the several Open Fields, Commons, and PeMt,on* for the Protection of their numerous Boats and Craft, Waste Grounds, withini the Manor of tri

and are convinced that the same might be obviated, the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and and their Fiftiery considerably extended, by the build- read; Setting forth, That the several Open Fields, ing of such a Pier, which the Petitioners conceive Commons, and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, may be easily done, and in a proper Situation, by the in their present Situation, are incapable of any console of a small Plot of Common Land belonging to siderable Improvement, but, if the same were divided the Town, and by laying a small Duty on Pil- and allotted amongst the several Persons interested chards and other Fish, and a small Tonnage or Duty therein, according to their respective Rights and In-on Vessels likely to partake in the Benefit of the terefts, it would be a manifest Advantage to the said fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be several Persons, and tend greatly to the Improvement of given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purpose their Estates i And therefore praying. That Leave mav aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid,' to the House may seem meet. under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,' Consideration of "a Committee: And that they do ex- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Lord John Mr. Mundy, Lord George Augustus

shall appear to them, to the House: Henry and Mr. Coke of Derby, do prepare

And it is referred to Mr. Gregor, Sir William Lemon, and bring in, the fame.

tcc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; A Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in, HorseleyUp-and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- and by virtue of,- an Act of Parliament, made and passed r'e*>t Gate and

Cords. in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Hnn^d*1

King George the First, for repairing and widening the petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Road from Horjeley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Mef- Hill,in the County of Wilis, to the Top of Kingsdown fuages and Cottages, and Scites of Messuages and Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, and for Cottages, having Right of Common, on Behalf of carrying into Execution an Act of the Fourteenth themselves, and other Persons having.Right of Com- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the mon, Stray, and Intercommonage, on the several Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the last mentioned Act, and also for carrying into Execu-Manor of Heworth,in the North Riding of the County tion an Act, of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His of Fork, was presented to the House, and read; Set- present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers ting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, of the two last mentioned Acts, and for amending fe-certain large Tracts of Common or Waste Ground, veral Roads near or adjoining to the said Road, and called by the general Name of Heworth Moor, and also of many the principal Inhabitants and Land-also other small Parcels of Common or Waste Ground j holders residing in or near the said Roads, was pre-and that the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the are not, in their present Situation, capable of 1m- Terms granted by the said Acts are now near expiring, provement, and cannot be occupied to such Advan- and a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed tage as they might if divided and inclosed: And there- on the Credit of the ToHs thereby granted, which hath fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Been expended in the Reparation of the said Roads;

Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Moors, and that £. 500 of the Money so borrowed now re-Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of mains due, and the said Roads cannot be effectually Heworth, in the North Riding of the County of York, kept ip Repair, and the Money due thereo'n be repaid, subject to such Rules, Orders, Directions, and Regu- unless the Terms and Powers of the said several Acts lations, as to the House shall seem meet. be further extended, altered, amended, and enlarged:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bfing in a Bill, And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter and Sir William Mordaunt Milner and Lord John Cavendish amend the Powers, of the said Acts, or that the Peti-do prepare, and bring in, the fame. tioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as

the House shall think fit.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Lands and Estates within the Manor and Parish of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Eckington, in the County of Derby, was presented to the amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within shall appear to them, to the House: the said Manor and Parish, several Commons and And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

Hufey,

io8 2° Februarii. . 1795*

Hitjfey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- bring in a Bill to enable the said Trustees to complete ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and finish the said Bridge and Improvements, and to and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- pay off and discharge the Debt so incurred as afore -cords. laid, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means,

as to the House shall seem meet. ln^aftiPe°Bll Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to , That the said Petition be referred to the

reported? whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Confederation of a Committee: And that they do ex-and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it and Grounds, within the Parish of Bijhampton, in the shall appear to them, to the House:

County of Worcester,was committed; That the Com- And it is referred to Sir William

mittee had examined, and found that the Standing , Sir John Mordaunt, &c.: And they

Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, had been complied with; and that the Committee had in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Persons, Papers, and Records, same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed or Waste Lands in the Parishes of Frees, Moreton , to the Land Tax at j£.o. 18 s. 9</.J per Annum; and and Stanton upon Hineheath, in the County of was that the whole Amount of the Property, as rated to read a Second Time.

the Land Tax, is of the Annual Value of £. 86. 2 s.od; Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hill,

and that no Person appeared before- the Committee to Sir Richard Hill, &cc.: And they are to meet this oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's through the Bill, and made several Amendments Chamber, thereunto, which they had directed him to report to,

the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themlelvrs, and in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were others, entitled to Rights of Common in certain Moors, Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- , in the County of Somerset, was presented to

upon, were agreed to by the House. the Hbufe, and read; Setting forth, That there are

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, he certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, containing ingrossed. together, by Estimation, 167 Acres, lying and being

-within the Parish of Burnham aforesaid; and that the Birmingham . A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying open Bridge Pea- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and and uncultivated, and subject to Trespasses, are of

,on' others, Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the very little Value to the several Persons entitled to

Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Right of Common thereon, but are capable of very jesty, for re-building the Bridge over the River Rea, great Improvement, by Means of a Division and In-at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, closure: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

and widening the Avenues thereto, and for widening given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting and in-

and varying the Course of the said River near the said closing, the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, within the said Parish of Burnham, in such Manner, and to prevent rne lower Part of the said Town from being under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem Overflowed, w: s presented to the House, and read; meet.

Setting forth. That, by the said Act, the Trustees were Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, impowered to take down and re-build the said Bridge, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And thac and to change and widen the Course of the said River, Mr. Tudway and Mr. Bramston do prepare, and bring and to make cerrain Improvements particularly men- in, the fame, tioned in the said Act, and for defraying the Expences

thereof, the said Trustees were impowered to erect A Petition of several Noblemen and Gentlemen of Turnpikes, and to collect certain Tolls, for a limited the County of being offered to be presented to Time, and, if the same should not be sufficient to de- the House; *

fray such Expences, then to make a Rate upon all Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Persons occupying Houses or Lands within the Parish Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, of Birmingham aforesaid, and the Hamlet of Deritend having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe-and Liberty of Bordefley; and that the Trustees have tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the proceeded to take down and re-build the said Bridge, House.

and to make the other Alterations and Improvements Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; directed by the said Act, and have nearly completed Setting forth, That, by virtue of Two Acts, paised in the fame, but the Money received from the Tolls havw the Seventh and Ninth Years of the Reign of His ing fallen greatly short of what was calculated and present Majesty, respecting the Militia of this King-expected to arise therefrom, the Sum of £. 3,000 bor- dom, certain Sums of Money, to a considerable rowed by the said Trustees upon the Credit of the said Amount, have been assessed, collected, and raised Tolls, with Interest thereon, together with a consider- upon and within the said County, for the Purposes in able Debt necessarily incurred in the re-building the the said Acts mentioned, and the said Sums of Money said Bridge, and making such Improvements as afore- now remain in the Hands of several Persons unapplied, said, still remain due; and that the said Trustees did and cannot, by the Laws in being, be applied for any not make a Rate, as they were impowered, within the Purpose whatsoever; and that, in pursuance of a Re-, Time specified in the said Act, because the said Inha- commendation from One of His Majesty's principal Se-bitants were then subject to a very heavy Rate for the cretaries of State to the Lord Lieutenant of the said Reimbursement of the Sufferers in the late Riots in County, for railing and embodying Troops for the In-and near the said Parish of Birmingham, and because the ternal Defence of this Kingdom; a Subscription was for said Rate would have been insufficient to discharge the that Purposeentered into by the Petitioners, and others, Whole of the Debt so incurred; and that the said Act and a considerable Number of Forces have been raised will require certain Alterations and Amendments: and embodied within the said County accordingly;

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to and that the Petitioners conceive the Object of the said

8 Recommendation

Piee*, &c.

Inclosure Bill committed.

Burnham

Inclosure

Pctiuou.

Derby Petition relating to the Militia.

petition respecting ths Mackerel Fj(h-ery.

African Company's Feti* tion*

35 Geo. lit

Recommendation would bt more effectually promoted if the Money, raised by virtue of the said Acts as aforesaid, was to be applied towards defraying the Expences of raising and embodying Troops within the said County, for the Purpose aforesaid, in Aid of the Sums raised, and to be raised, by Subscription for the like Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for applying the Money, raised by virtue of the said Acts as aforesaid, towards raising, embodying; and supporting. Troops within the said County, for the Internal Defence of the Kingdom, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord John , Mr.

Mundy,&c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

A Petition of the Fishermen and Adventurers >q the Fisheries in the County of , being offered

to be presented to the House; '

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That formerly the Mackerel Fishery continued only during a few Weeks in the Spring Season, but within some Years pad it has been discovered that large Shoals of Mackerel are continually be found and taken on the Coast during Eight Months of the Year; and that the said Fishery, although it labours under many Difficulties, and has never received any Protection or Assistance from Government, has, during accidental Failures of the Pilchard Fishery, afforded some Employment and Support to many indullrious Fishermen, and the Petitioners are prepared to prove that the said Fishery is capable (under due Encouragement) of being considerably extended, that it will be a fruitful Nursery of hardy and able Seamen, and, in the Intervals between the Pilchard Seasons, will afford an useful and almoll constant Employ to the Fishermen; and a cheap and wholesome Food to the Miners, Husbandmen, and indullrious Poor, of tWe County of Cornwall: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gregor, Sir William Lemon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1793, examined and passed by the Curfitor Baron Vol. L.

IO9

of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to " Africa," and that they have inverted the Money, granted in 1794, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the Petitioners, in their Annual Petitions to this House, have repeatedly represented the ruinous Condition of the British Forts and Settlements in and the

Infnfficiency of the Sums granted by.Parliament for the Maintenance and Preservation of the fame, and they beg Leave further to represent, that, of late Years, they have been unavoidably led into very considerable additional Expences, nor only in re-building and repairing several of the said Forts, but like wife in the necessary Increase of their Military and Civil Establifiiments upon that Coast, and also in additional Wages to their inferior Officers and Servants, who, from the great Advance in the Expences of living in Africa, were no longer able to subsist upon their former Salaries; and that the said additional Expence of their Establishment alone amounts to very near f. 2,000 Annually, independent of1 the additional Sum wanting for Buildings and Repairs, which, in the present distressed State of their Funds, the Petitioners are unable to prosecute, but which would amount to at lead 1,000 more; and that, besides the-above £. 2,000, which is a permanent Annual increased Expence, the Petitioners are now put to a further temporary additional Expence, in Consequence of the present War, which; in Freight and Insurance alone, amounts to an Addition of near £. 1,500, besides the advanced Price of Gunpowder, Provisions, and various other Articles, upon the whole near f, 2,000 Annually; and that, in consequence of the above unavoidable Additions to the Expences of the Petitioners, their Establifiiments in Africa arc getting in Debt to a very alarming Degree, it appearing, by a Letter from their Governor in Chief; dated Cape Coast Castle, the 17th of December 1793, that the Public Debt then amounted to near £. 4,000 Sterling, which, from the Scantiness of the lad Supply, mull now be very greatly increased, and the Petitioners, under such difireffing Circumstances, feel themselves bound, in Discharge of the Trusts reposed in them by their Constituents, and oF their Duty to the Public Service, most humbly to declare to the House, that withou c*a considerable Addition to the usual Allowance from Parliament, it will be utterly impossible to continue the Possession of all the said Forts and Settlements upon any Footing, and that the Loss of any of them would be attended with the most lerious Consequences to the Interetls and Security of the African Trade: And that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the Preservation, Improvement, and Extension, of the Trade to Africa, and for the Defence and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on that Coast necessary thereto, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Confide.ration, and grant such Sum as may be sufficienc as well for the Expences already incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, as for the Extra Expences in Consequence of the War, and likewise for the ef. fcftual permanent Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of the 26th Day of January last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that a Copy of the Petition presented to His Majesty from the Officers of the Troops in the Service of the East India Company, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty j

F f and

2° Februarii.

t

An Twer to Addrefi.

Petition from

Southampton

rcjp*£Ur.g tl»e War,

s

Leave of Absence.

Leicester Writ.

Chaplain

thanked.

Petition f om ctrtim Liverymen o London respecting the War.

no 1° Februarii. Jl. 1795.

and that His Majestv had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of South-amptott, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, wanned with t ie Sentiments of Humanity and Patriotism, contemplate with Sorrow the fatal Calamities which are likely to befall this once prosperous and happy Nation by a Perseverance in the present ruinous and disastrous W ar: Thar, sensible of the great and invaluable BlefTings which Men enjoy under a free Conffirution, and which have constantly and invariably flowed to us, through the Channels of Peace and Commerce, the Petitioners cannot but deplore, with inexpressible Grief, the Misfortunes of a Contest: whole Object is undefined, and in which the Blood and Treasure of a generous and loyal People have been so profusely but fruitlessly lavished — They Ihudder to dwell on the Thought of Lives thus lacrificed, and Millions expended: Thar, deferred as we have been by perfidious Allies, whose Treachery has doomed our brave Armies to Slaughter and Defeat, whose Avarice has swallowed up the Warnings of our Induftty and Commerce, and by whose Schemes of Extermination and Conquest: this Kingdom has been most unfortunately deluded, the Petitioners can only join in most humbly imploring the House to exert its united Wisdom and Influence to restore to an afflicted Nation the cordial BlefTings of Peace.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Wat kin Williams have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, on special Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elcfting of a Burgess to serve in this prefenc Parliament for the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, in the room of Thomas Parkyns,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted a Commission of Lieutenant Colonel in His Majesty's Army.

Ordered, Nemir.e Contradicente, That the Thanks of

this House be given to the Reverend Thomas Hay, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached upon Friday last before this House at Margaret's Westminster and that he be desired to print the fame.

A Petition of the Liverymen of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners feel it their Duty, at this Time, to express to the House their firm Attachment to the Constitution of this Country, as established at the Glorious Resolution: That the Petitioners have seen with Concern, that the Measures which have been hitherto exerted for bringing this War to a happy Conclusion have not yet accomplished that desirable End; but they firmly rely on Divine Providence that the Bravery and Ardour of our Navy and Army will be ultimately fuc-cekfnl: -And therefore praying, That the House will, in their Wisdom, adopt such Measures as shall effectual,y defend tiv.s Country against its Enemies, and obtain the Blessings of Peace, whenever it can be effected confidently with the Honour and Dignity of the Mate, and with that permanent Security for which alone Peace is desirable, as important to the very cxiUence of om I ra e. Commerce, and Pr -sperity.

Ordered, That the mid Petition do lie upon the

Table.

The Lord Arden presented to the House, accord- Marine Ma-ing to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Ma- "nv.UllJ. jetty's Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same preleme was received, and read the First Time.

Rejclved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order for Caft the 20th Day of January last, for the House to be again <lllch-arnT'1. called over Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Account*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Meri who now enjoy Protections from the Board of Admiralty, and the Causes for which such Protections have been granted.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men and Boys employed in the Trarsport Service; likewise, an Account of the Number of Men or Boys employed in any Veil'd, Craft, Barge, or Boat, belonging to the Navy Board, as well as the Number of Men who enjoy Protections from that Office.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men or Boys employed in any Vessel, Craft, Barge, or Boat, belonging to che Victualling Office, as well as the Number of Men who enjoy Protections from that Office.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men or Boys employed in any Vessel, Craft, Barge, or Boat, belonging to the Ordnance, as well as the Number of Men who enjoy Protections from that Office.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men or Boys employed in any Vessel, Craft, Barge, or Boat, belonging to the Excise, as well as the Number of Men who enjoy Protections from that Office.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men or Boys employed in any Vessel, Craft, Barge, or Boat, belonging to the Customs, as well as the Number of Men who enjoy Protections from that Office.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all such Men or Boys as are registered on the Books of the Watermens Company, working on the River in any Craft or Boats, with the Number protected by that Company.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all such Men or Boys as are registered on the Books of the East India Company, and working on the River.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Press Gangs employed, and the Number of Men in each.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels of Tonnage, and the Number of Boats and Row Galleys, employed by the Custom House, and the Hands employed therein.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels of Tonnage, and the Number of Boats and Row Galleys, employed by the Excise, and the Hands employed therein.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Armed Ships and Tenders, and Navy and Ordnance Transports, their Tonnage, and the Number of Men employed therein.

ordered.

N° of M.?n who enjoy Tiotec-tions from ths Admiralty*

N°of M*n and Bov>employed in the* Transport Service, &c. who enj »y Piotectious.

D3 empIo) d in Vctfeis belonging to the Victualling Othce.

D° employed in Vcfteis belonging to the Ordnance* .

D° employed in Vrfl- Is belonging to the Exciic.

D® employed

in VriL/i3'belonging to the Cu loins.

D® revered

on the Book i of the Watermen* Comp.my.

D° registered on the Books of the E. India Company.

N3 of Press

Gr.ngs tin* ployed.

N* cf Vessels, »$cc. employe 1 by the Cuilotu Houie.

D* by the Kxciie.

K° of arm?d schipsand Ten* dcis and Navy and Ordnance Transports.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Watermen employed by the Nobility, and protected by their Badges.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

x Ordered,

Motion for Account of Watermen prate fled by the Mobility, withdrawn*

35 Geo. III.

2° Februa

hi

.Account cf

lioi nt \ Vk rey i© Stamen art! Lat dimen, oi dtitd.

Motion for Accd\ nt t;f Pt*: ions pio-t<cW as Ticket Men, with Oi awn.

Committee on Means for pro* cuiing an additional Sn pply «>t Men for the Navy.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Bounty Money paid to Seamen, Ordinary Seamen, and Landsmen, in the different Ports of this Kingdom, from the ift of "January 1793 to the 1 ft cf Jrr.ua-,y 1795, with the Number of Men who have received such Bounty Money.

Bill for it-qu'rrire Own* n of Sl ips lo furmfh Men for the Navy, ordered.

Bill for railing M*n for the Navy,ordered.

BiW for regis-teiing Vdh h tfeted of Jnlaild Na vir»ititn# ouiej-d.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-poftd, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Persons protected as Ticket Men. ‘

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to connder of the moll* speedy and effectual Means for procuring an additional Supply of Men for His Majesty's Naval Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Ardtn took the Chair of the Committee. /

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Arden accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for requiring the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to Great Britain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respectiv.e Voyages.

And the Lord Arden moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for requiring the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to Great Britain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages: And that the Lord Ardeny Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Lord Hcody Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Arden also reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the leva al Counties in Great Britain, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

And the Lord Arden moved the House accord-iogly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several , Counties in Great Britain, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy: And that the Lord Arden, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary the Lord Ilccd, Mr. Bybus, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Arden also reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great , to be re-

giftered.

And the Lord Arden moved the House accordingly\

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and

on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered: And that the Lord Arden, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Lord Hood, Mr. Bybus, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General^ do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Arden likewise reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Magistrates in the several Counties in Great Britain to raise and levy, under certain Regulations, such able bodied and idle Persons as shall be found within the said Counties, to serve in His Majesty's Navy.

And the Lord Arden moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Magistrates in the several Counties in Great Britain tc raise and levy, under certain Regulations, such able-bodied and idle Persons as shall be found within the said Counties, to serve in His Majesty's Navy: And that the Lord Arden, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Lord Hood, Mr. Bybus, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill for enabling Magi-ftntc1 to 'aite Men for the Navy, ordered.

the Imports* tion of Grain and ProvUions, preicnt*d.

Mr. Ryderpresented to the House, according to Bill for prohi-

Order, a Bill for prohibiting the Export from Scotland of of any Article of Grain, and for permitting the Im- and permitting portation into this Kingdom of all Articles of Grain, and other Provisions, Duty free: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill for re-House, according to Order, a Bill for requiring the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to Great Bri- fumih Mso tain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Propor- torthc

tion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages: And the same was received j and read the Firit Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow'Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read }

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers, residing in that Part of Great Britain, called England, which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Blumer,

See,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morm no> at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

The

preiemed.

Mutiny Bill committed*

Inn keener* and Victualler! Petition reter-red to rt Commitfc,*.

Supply

deferred*

Ways and Meant defer-feed.

Wife*. Nat. Petition.

'fwyford

Inclosure

Petition.

Ealand and I/edt Road Petition*

Hi 2° — 30 Februarii, A. 1705.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 30 die Februarii; Anno 35® Georgii III"1 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

A PETITION of Matthew was pre-

fented to the House, and read; praying, Th3t Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the frme.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the

Proprietors of, and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places,-and Waste Lands, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof set out and allotted to and for every of them, according to their respective Properties therein, to be held in Severalty, for ever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for the Care of the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Ealand to the Town of in the West

Riding of the County of York, was presented t* the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; and that, for the Purpose of amending the aforesaid Road, several Sums of Money have been borrowed, which still remain due, together with an Arrear of Interest, and also a considerable Sum for Work and Materials; and that the said Road cannot be completed and kept in sufficient Repair, and the Debts contrafted on Account thereof be repaid, unless the Terms granted by the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of His prefpnt

Majesty's Reign be continued; and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as Jt shall appear to them, to the House:

And ic is referred to Mr. Mr.

force, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, papers; and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution certain Acts of Parliament, made in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Read from the North End of Old Malt on Gate, in the Town

arid Borough of New Malton,to the Town of -ing,in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which Money remains due, with an Arrear of Interest, and the same cannot be paid off and discharged, and the said Road eftechially amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, the Tolls increased, and some further and other Powers given for those Purposes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term,. and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

force,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lb far as relates to the making Navigable the River Ouze from below Widdington lags, at or near Linton, to the Junction of the Rivers Swale and in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thar, by the said Act, the Petitioners were authorized to make and maintain a Dam, Cut, or Lock, in, upon, and over, or at the Side of, the said River Ouze, near Linton aforesaid, and also such other Works as might be necessary for making, completing, and maintaining, the said Navigation, and, for defraying the Expences thereof, they were authorized to coJleft and receive certain Rates of Tonnage for Coals, and other Goods, Matters, and Things, therein mentioned, which should be carried and conveyed upon the said Navigation, and also to borrow any Sum of Money at Interest, upon the Credit of the said Rates; and that in pursuance of the said Act, the Petitioners have long since completed the said Navigation, and made the said Dam, Cut, and Lock upon the said River, nearly opposite the Town of Linton aforesaid, and have borrowed a very large Sum of Money at Interest at Five J»er Centum per Annum, to defray the F.xpence thereof, which still remains due, and the said Navigation hath been found of great Public Benefit; and that the Petitioners have been advised, that, according to the strict Letter of the said Act, they are not authorized to collect the said Rates a: any other Place than the said Lock, whereby Persons are enabled to use any Part

M il ton nm( Fick*rin£

Petition*

Ouze ami Linton Navigation Petition.

35 Geo. III.

3* Februar

IX3

Part of the said Navigation, with Vessels of all De- {landing and Execution thereof within the said Difi» feriptions, without being liable to pay any of the said trift: And therefore pfaying, That Leave may be.. Rates, provided such Vessels do not pass the said Lock, given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several in Consequence whereof the Payment of the said Rates Purposes aforesaid, in stich Manner as to the Houfts hath been greatly evaded, and the Produce of the said shall seem meet.

Rates, since the Year 1778, hath not been sufficient That the said Petition be referred to the

(after defraying the Expences of supporting and main- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-taining the said Navigation) to pay the Creditors more amine the Matter thereof) and report the lame, as it than Two Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest upon shall appear to them, to the House: the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid, so that there And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Wilberfsrce,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the TrusteCs of the Turripike Road keighieyw>J from Keighley to Bradford, and from thence to Wake- Bradford Road

field,in the West Riding of the County of York, was

and Halifax Road Petition*

is a very considerable Arrear of Interest now due to such Creditors, and the said Navigation cannot be supported and maintained, and the said Arrear of Interest discharged, and the future Interest of the Money borrowed as aforesaid paid, unless some further Provision be made for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, if they were authorized to collect the said Rates at such Part or Parts of the said

Navigation as they shall think proper, the Produce of presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Rates would be nearly sufficient to pay the an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign Interest of the Money borrowed, without laying any of his late Majesty King George the Second, for renew or additional Rates upon the Public: And there- pairing and widening the Roads from Keighley to fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a field, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the West Bill to enable them to support and maintain the said Riding of the County of York, and another Act, passed Navigation, and to discharge the Arrears of Interest, in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-and to pay the future Interest of the Money borrowed jesty, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the as aforesaid, as the same shall, from Time' to Time, Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-grow due, by such Ways and Means as the House shall sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George think proper. the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein men-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the tioned, as relates to the Road from Keighley to Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- field aforesaid; and that, for the Purpose of making, amine the Matter thereof ;and report the fame, as it amending, widening, and diverting so much of the shall appear to them, to the House: aforesaid Road as lies between Keighley and,

And it is referred to Mr. Duntombe, Mr. Wilberforce, several considerable Sums of Money have been bor-&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, rowed by the Trustees on the Credit of the Tolls at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber) arising from the several Bars upon the said Road from and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- Keighley to Bradford, which llill remains due, to-cords. gether with an Arrear of Interest thereon and that

the said Road cannot be fulficiently improved and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are kept in Repair, and the Debts already contracted, and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing the such as may hereafter be necessarily contracted on Ac-Road from Kigbley to Halifax, in the County of York, count thereof, be repaid, unless the Term granted by and Creditors upon the Tolls arising upon the said the said Act, of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, Road respectively, was presented to the House, and be further continued, and some additional Powers read) Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such King George the Second, for repairing and widening Manner as to the House shall seem meet, the Roads from Kigbley to Wakefield and Halifax, and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the from Dudley Hill to Killinghall, and the South West Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Comer of Harrogate Inclosures, and more effectually amine the Matter thereof) and report the fame, as it to repair the Roads from Leeds to Halifax and Bowl- shall appear to them, to the House: ing Lane, and for building a Bridge over the River And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Wilber*

Wharffe, at Pool, in the West Riding of the County of force. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-Yorkj and another Act was passed in the Sixteenth ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber) Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for con- and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-tinuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the cords.

Petition.

Powers, of the said full-mentioned Act) and that the Petitioners, and their Co-trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts (so far as they relate to or concern the District or Divinon of the said Roads

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Baron Middleton, and the humble Petition of Francis Ferrand Foljambe, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose

from Kigbley to Halifax aforesaid) and, in pursuance Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, or thereof, have borrowed several considerable Sums of interested in Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Money on Security of the Tolls arising upon the said South , within the Manor of Oswald-btck Soke,

Road within the said District, which Sums have been ? ' *T -'

applied according to the Directions of the said Acts,) and that the greatest Part of the Money so borrowed Hill remains unpaid and cannot be discharged, nor can the said Road, within the said District, be rendered fulficiently commodious, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts are further continued, and 'the Tolls thereby granted increased, within the said District; and that it appears to the Petitioners, the Trustees, that several other Alterations and Amendments are expedient and necessary to be made in the said Acts, for the better Under-Vol. L.

SonthLerato*

Inclosure

Petition*

in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Fields and Pieces and Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the fame, in their present State are incapable of Improvement, but, if the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, together with the Commons and Waste' Grounds within the said Parish, were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to the several Parties interested: And therefore praying. That Leave

G g may

Barnard CafUe

lnclcsure

Petition*

KelflialfTnelo-lure Petition.

Great Hock« bam inclosure Petition.

114 3 0 Februarii.A. 1795.

may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. ‘Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names.are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Freehold Dwelling Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of Barnard in the Parish of

Gainford, in the County Palatine of , for and

on Behalf of themfel ves and others, the Owners of Freehold Dwelling Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having a Right of Common of Pasture upon the several Moors, Commons, or.Tracts of Waste Land, herein after mentioned, was presented to^the House, and read; "Setting forth. That there are within, and Parcel of, the said Manor of Barnard Castle and Parish of Gainford, divers Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, called Barnard Castle , The Little Moor, Glenton Green, and The Baiting Steads, containing together, by Estimation 6,060 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Earl of Darlington is Lord of the said Manor, and as such entitled to the Soil of, and Royalties within and under, the said Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, and the Petitioners and several other Persons, Owners of Freehold Dwelling Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Parish, and others, or their respective Trustees, Leffces, Farmers, or Tenants, are entitled to enjoy Right of Common of Pasture upon the said Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land; and that the said Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, in their present State, are not capable of any Improvement, and it would be of Advantage to the several Persons, entitle^ to such Right of Common, to have the said Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to them according to their several Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with and under such Orders and Regulations as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burden arid Mr, Milbanke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates in the Parish of ,in

the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, and certain Old Inclosures and Open Field Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, the same might be put in a State of Cultivation, and considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in'a Bill, pursuant jo the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Plumer and Mr. Baker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, within the Parish of Great in

the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, divers Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, Heaths, Breeks, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and that the said Heaths, Breeks, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waf!e Grounds, are subjech to certain Rights of Siieepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part of the said Whole Year Lands, Heaths, Breeks, Common Fields, and Half-year or Shack Lands, are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof j and is would be advantageous to the several Persons entitled to, and interested in the Premises, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common were extinguished, and the said Whole Year Lands, Heaths, Breeks, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, and interested therein, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests j which Extinguishment of Rights, and such Division and Allotments, would be not only of manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested in the Premises, but also of Public Utility: And therefore praying, "That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Coke of Norfolk and Sir John IVodehouse do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, within the adjoining Parishes of Bintry and Twyford, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, divers Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds j and that the said Breeks, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, are subject to certain Rights of Sheep-walk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part of the said Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, and Half-year or Shack Lands, are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons entitled to, and interested in, the Premises, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and the said Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, and interested therein, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests; which Extinguifhmenc of Rights, and such Division and Allotments, would be not only of manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested in the Premises, but also of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Coke of Norfolk and Sir John Wodebouse do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable

Bintry and

Twyford

Inclolme

Petitrou*.

WiggiiUon inclosure Bitt prelen ttd.

35 Geo. III.

Februarii.

Ii5

able Lands and Grounds, within the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts of Wigginto in the County of and the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tifne.

Westcott Bar- Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord-^oiur^ Bill* 'nS to a Bill for dividing and inclosing the

preftnud. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Precincts of (Veficott Barton, and within the Liberty and Precincts of Middle in the Parish of Steeple

Barton, in the County of j and the fame was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Little Shes- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are fitiH Sparrow, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing ItoaJ* Pcti-'* Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign tion. of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the

Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield,in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Cajlleton, to Sparroivpit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post near Barber's Fields Cupola, through Great

Hucklow, Fidefwdl, Hardgate-wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in putting the said Acts in Execution, and several Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted are now remaining due j and that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, or wholly repealed, and new Powers granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord John Cavendish, Mr, M'undy, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power {o fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Derby, shes- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are feid/Puffirid, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing wolth^Ktads Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Peution: Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town of in

the County of York, and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of IVirksworth, in the said County of Derby, and of the several Creditors upon the Tolls by the said Acts granted, whose Names are thereunto all'o subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in putting the said Acts ih Execution, and a large Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but the said Roads cannot beeffectually amended, altered improved, and kept in Repair, nor can the Money so borrowed be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Two Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under futh Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord John Cavendish, Mr.

Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Riticy incioa thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, or Aire Petition, otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Ratley, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are very inconvenient, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the fame, together with the said Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted amongst the Petitioners in Severalty, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their Lands, Rights of Common, and ^11 other Rights and Interests therein respectively, and such Allotments inclosed, great Advantages would arise to the Petitioners thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing. the said Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augufius William Shuckburgh Evelyn and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, Potion for to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto fob-feribing. Owners of Land in the Islands of Zetland, theiflandsof within the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, holden 'Zetland, &c. by them, severally, immediately under the Crown, was c‘ rel'<*te referred: That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j ' and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the , First Session of the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, for Annexation of Orkney and Zetland to the Crown, was read j whereby the Isles of Orkney and the Isles of Zetland, were united or erected into One Stewartry, to be called The Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland; since which Time the said Isles have formed One Jurisdiction under the same Sheriff or Steward.

And ic appeared by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Third Parliament of King Charles the Second, concerning the Election of the Commissioners for Shires, and by other Laws in Force, that no Person is entitled to be inrolled in the Roll of Freeholders of any Shire or Stewartry, or to be admitted to vote in the Election of the Commissioner to Parliament for such Shire or Stewartry, unless such Person is publicly infeft in Property or Superiority, and in Possession of a Forty Shilling Land of old Extent, holden of the King or Prince, distinct from the Feuduties in Fewlands, or in Lands liable in public Burdens for His Majesty's Supplies for Four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, whether Kirklands holden of the King or other Lands holding 2 Feu

ii 6

3° Februariu

A. 1795.

Feu or Blench of His Majesty or of the Prince. — Then,

James Chalmer, Esquire, being examined, informed

your Committee, That it is not known at what precise Time the ancient Valuation of Lands in ,cal-

led The old Extenr, was made; but all the Writers on the Law of Scotland are agreed, and the Evidence they refer to proves, that it was at a Period long before the I Hands of Orkney and Zetland were a Part of that Kingdom.

It further appeared, from an exemplified Copy of the Valuation Roll of the County of which

was produced to your Committee, and proved by the Testimony of Mr. James Lethat the valued Rent of the Isles of Orkney, was ascertained in the Year 1653, the Total or Cumulo Value being £. 56,551.

9 s~

And Mr. Leijk further informed your Committee, That he <was a Native of and had resided

there for Fifty Years: — That he knows the said Valuation has ever been the Rule for railing and apportioning the Public Supplies, and ascertaining the Qualification of the Freeholders of the said Stewartry in respectcof Lands situated within that Part of the fame, called Orkney, but the Lands and Heritages in the I (lands of Zetland never were valued, so as to form the valued Rent recognized by Law.

Extracts from the Books of the Receiver General of the Land Tax for Scotland, were then produced; from which, and from the Evidence of Mr. Leijk, it appeared, that the Lands in the IQands of Zetland, have nevertheless been subjeded to, and constantly in use to pay One-third Part of the Eels or Land Tax imposed generally upon the said Stewartry: — And the Witness further said, That this was understood to be in Consequence of some Agreement or Understanding between the Owners of Lands in Orkney, and the Owners of Land in Zetland, or some Law or Ordinance of which the Memory is loft; and as that Apportionment has been long acquiesced in, he said, it would be inexpedient now to disturb the settled Valuation of Orkney, but that the Owners of Land in Zetland, he apprehended, would be put in a Situation to enable then: (when otherwise legally entitled) to be inrolled ' Freeholders, and Justice done to all concerned, by fixing the Half of the Cumulo Valuation of Orkney, or the Sum off. 28,275. 14J. 61 to be the Total or

Cumulo Valuation of Zetland, and then apportioning that Sum upon the Owners of Land in Zetland, according to their several and respective Properties.

The Witness further informed your Committee, That the Lands in the Isles of Zetland are divided by some ancient Rule or Custom into Parcels, called Marks of Land, the Boundaries of which are well known, and the Cess or Land Tax, and other Public Supplies, have been in use to be raised by apportioning the Third Part of the Total Sum laid upon the whole Stewartry (paid according to the said Custom by or from Zetland) upon the several Mark Lands in Zetland, each Mark Land being liable to pay an equal Share; and it might be inexpedient, and would create great Confusion and Expence, to alter that established Usage. — Then,

Mr. Chalmer being further examined, said. That by Law and Custom in Scotland, the Sheriff or Steward has the Right of fixing the Day of the Election of the Commissioner for the Shire or Stewartry, being obliged to give Notice of the Day fixed, at the Head Burgh of the Shire, upon a Market Day, and at each Parish Church within his Jurisdiction, upon the Sunday immediately thereafter, at least Three Days before the Diet of Ele&ion, and Twelve Days before the Meeting of ParliamentAnd,

Mr. Leijk further said. That these Regulations are not suited to the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, in

respect of the great Distance of the Isles of Zetland from Kirkwall, the Head Burgh, situated in Orkney, and that the Two Districts are divided by a tempestuous Sea, and the Inhabitants have little Intercourse, and also in respect that the Isles of Zetland, abstracted from Orkney are numerous, distant from each other, and difficult of Access, and that there are in the said Ifies Twenty-six Parish Churches (as he thinks); so that it is scarcely possible to publish the Writ according to the strict Terms of the Regulations, and to have Evidence thereof in Fuch Time as to hold the Elections within the Period, when the Writ is usually made returnable, and accordingly the Regulation concerning the Notice at the Parish Churches has never been observed in Zetland

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and apportioning the valued Rent of the lllands of Zetland, Part of the Stewartry of Orkney 2nd Zetland', and for regulating the Mode of giving Notice when a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said Stewartry is to be elected: And that Mr.

Charles Dundas and Mr. Lawrence Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Henry O'Brien, Esquire, Patron of the petl-t;cn w Rectory of the Parish of Blatherwick, in the County of confirm an Northampton, and of John 'Skynnsr, Clerk, Rector of ^fTnclosure* the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; of Binherwick Setting forth. That, in or about the Year 1729, °PenFields. Arthur Stafford, Esquire, being Owner of several Open Field Lands within the said Parish (subject to a Right of Common over the fame, and to the Payment of Tythes in Kind to the Rector of the said Parish for nearly the Whole of such Lands) and being also entitled to Right of Common over certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rector, did agree with the then Rector of the said Parish for the Division and Inclosure of such Open Field Lands, and for the Extinguishment of the said respective Rights of Common, and also of the said Tythes, and certain Lands were set out to the said Rector in Lieu of his Glebe Lands and Rights of Common, and an Annual Sum of Money was agreed to be paid to the Rector in' Compensation for his said Tythes, and the Remainder of the said Lands have been since held and enjoyed free from the said Right of Common and Tythes, and the Commonable Parts thereof have been long since inclosed, and the Land, set out to the Rector of the said Parish as aforesaid, hath been since held and enjoyed by him, and the succeeding Redors of the said Parish, free from the said Right of Common upon the said Glebe Lands, and an Annual Sum of Money has been paid to him and them in Compensation of the said Tythes; and that the Petitioner, the said Henry O'Brien,is become entitled to the said Lands of

the said Arthur Stafford, and he, and also the Petitioner, the said John Skynner, are desirous.of having the Inclosure of the said Lands, and the Extinguishment of the said respective Rights of Common, and of the said Tythes, confirmed and established, and for that Purpose have agreed, that certain Pieces of Land of the Petitioner, the said Henry O'Brien, more conve-. niently situated ‘for the Rectory House of the said Parish, should be set out to the Rector in Lieu of the Land heretofore set out as aforesaid, and also that such Annual Sum of Money should be paid by the Petitioner, the said Henry O'Brien, to the said Rector, as shall be the full Value of the said Tythes; and that the rendering the said Agreement effectual will be a Convenience to the Petitioner, the said Henry O'Brien, and of great Benefit to the Petitioner, the said John Skynner, and the future Rectors of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the Agreement made between the Petitioners as aforesaid, and

rendering

Bury And Haf-singden Roads Bill pt den ted.

Petition from lever .1 Owners

of hftares in Harwood

avaunt D°# BdU

Mump'i BrookjSaddIfr wrih. See, Roads Petition.

35 Geo. III. 30 Februarii.

rendering the fime effectual, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, " turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, " the Road from a certain Dwelling House in " now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, " Gentleman, to Haslingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also " the Road from Haslingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockjhut Bridge, in the Town of Whalley, and

also the Road from Haslingden aforesaid, through f" New Church and Bacup, to and for

" making a Road, from the said Road between Bury " and Haslingden, in the Township of Walmerfey, to the " River Jrwell, and for building a Bridge over the " said River, all in the County Palatine of as relates to the First District of Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Refched, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Township of Great Harwood, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,was presented to the House and read j

taking Notice of the' said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend the said Bill will be very injurious to their Estates and interests, if the same pafles into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be at Liberty, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agent, to be heard against the said Bill, that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time $ and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agent, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

thereunto subscribe'd, being Owners of Lands, Merchants, Woollen Clothiers, and other Manufacturers, and Residents, within the several Counties of Lancaster, and Chester, or some of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at present many of the Merchants, Woollen Clothiers, Manu-fasturers, and other Inhabitants of Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Halifax and Saddle-worth, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Neighbourhood of those Towns and Places, respectively, sustain very great Inconvenience and Loss in carrying on their mutual Merchandize, Trade, and Dealings, for want of a convenient and commodious Road from Mump's Brock, within Oldham aforesaid, to Ripponden, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for want of a Road from, or near, Denjhaw, through Lit jits and Delph, to, or near to, Brcwnhill, all in Saddle-worth aforesaid, and for want

of another Road from, or near. Grains, in Saddle-worth, to Delph aforesaid, to communicate between the Towns of Oldham and Halifax, and the very populous and manufacturing Country in, and near, aforesaid, and the Towns and Places adjacent thereto; but such Roads cannot be made and repaired by the Vol. L.

ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Mump's within Oldham, through Crompton and Butterworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and through Saddleworth, Rufhwsrtb, Seyland, and Barkistand, to Ripponden, all in the West Riding of the County of Totk, and for making and maintaining Branch from, and out of, the said intended Turnpike Road at, or near, Denfhaw, through, or near, certain Places, called Linfits and Delph, to, or near, a certain Place, called Brownbill, all within Saddleworth aforesaid, and also for making and maintaining another Branch from, and out of, the said intended Turnpike Road, at, or near, Grains, to Delph,both within Saddleworth aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred so the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as ic shal) appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Dun-combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Charles Torke reported from the Committee, to March and whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors D^,agep°tt of Land's and Grounds lying within the Hamlet of tion reported. March, in the Parish of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills* had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read* and is as follower h j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and " preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds,

" and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of " March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell,

" in the lfle of Ely and County of Cambridge," and also an Act, made in the Thircy-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing* and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Town or Hamlet of March, in the Manorand Parish of Doddington, in the lfle of Ely and County of,

and for amending the said Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of his Lte Majesty, were read: And,

Mr. H illiam Wardby being examined, said. That

the Money authorized to be raised upon the Fourth District, described in the first-mentioned Act, hath been found insufficient to defray the Expence of making Engines, and other Works j and the Commissioners for the said District have contrafted Debts to a considerable Amount, which still remain due:

That the said Engines and Works are become greatly decayed, and it is necessary thac an additional Tax should be laid upon the said Lands, to enable the Commissioners to repair the said Engines and other Works, and pay off" the Debts incurred* and that it will be necessary that several Amendments and Alterations should be made in the said Acts, so far as relates to the Lands and Grounds within the said Fourth District.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending Two- Acts, of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and prefers'ing certain Fen Lands and Low

H h Grounds

Mr. Sabatier's

Petition.

Con^leton I newlin e Petition.

i iS 3° Februarii. A. 1795.

Grounds within the Township or Hamlet of in the IJli of Ely, and County of Cambridge: And that Mr. Charles Torkeand General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Sabatier, Gentleman, together with Copies of certain Papers thereunto annexed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Month of 1792,

engaged to discover to the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies a new Machine for pressing Cotton, and a new and improved Method of retaining Cotton when pressed, which would be productive of a great Saving in Freight, and the said Company, in Return for his (Discovery, agreed to pay to him a certain per Centage on all the Cotton which they themselves should ship, from Port to Port in India, to China, and to Europe, and likewise on all Cotton which should be brought under their Licence to Europe by Individuals, so packed and retained; and that subsequent to the said Agreement, in the Month of June 1793, an Act passed this present Parliament, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the " East India Company, for a further Term, the Poflef-

fion of the British Territories in together with " their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for " establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; for appro-

priating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company, and for making Provision for u the good Order and Government of the Towns of " Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay," by which it is provided, that the said Company shall furniflt to the Public Three thousand Tons of Shipping Annually, subject to Increase or Decrease, at the Discretion of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and at a Price of Freight, and other Charges therein specified; in consequence of which Limitation of Freight and Charges the said Company are disabled from imposing on the Cotton, that may be imported under Sanction of the said Act, the per Centage originally agreed to be paid to the Petitioner; and that the said Company have since (on the 16th of December 1794) revised and confirmed their aforesaid Agreement therein, also approving of this the Petitioner's Application: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for subjecting (agreeably to the Engagement of the said East India Company) all Cotton imported by Individuals from the East Indies, packed and retained by Means of the Machinery and Contrivances invented and discovered by the Petitioner, to the per Centage which the said Company have engaged to pay to the Petitioner on Cotton imported by them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Steele, Sir Francis Baring, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papery, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and ethers, Owners of Estates entitled to Right of Common upon the several Commons and Wastes, in the Borough and Township of Congleton, in the County of defer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Borough and Township, several Commons and Wastes, whereon the Petitioners, and others, have Right of Common for their Cattle at all Times of the Year j and that the said Commons and Wastes are liable to great Encroachments, and are, in their present State, of very little Benefit to the several Persons interested therein, but are capable of great Improvement, and if they were divided and inclosed, and leased, or let, and the Produce therefrom applied in Aid of the Poors Rate, and other Public Exoences of the said Borough and Township, it would be of very great Advantage to the Owners of Estates therein: And therefore praying; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and leafing, or letting, the said Commons or Wastes, ^nd applying the Rents and Profits thereof, in Aid of the Poors Rate, and other Public Expences of the said Borough and Township, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Crewe and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Great Barr and Aldridge,in the Parish of

Aldridge, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the rioufe, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same ro be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, whose Property is rated to the Land Tax at Three Shillings per Annum, who was against the Inclosure; and also, except One other Person, who is rated at Eight Pence per Annum, who, upon being applied to,

would not declare whether he would sign the Bill or not; and that the whole Property to be affected by the Bill is assessed to the Land Tax at the Annual Sum of £. 36. js.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Earl of Uxbridge, and the Right honourable William Lord Bagot, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Estates lying within the Parish of Abbotts Bromley, otherwise Pag Bromley, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Common and Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and it would be greatly for the Advantage of the several Persons entitled to, or interested therein, if the same were inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to his, her, or their Interest therein, to be enjoyed in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Common and Open Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant

Aldridge In* closure Bill reported.

AhboftsBrOfn-

ley Inclosure Petition.

Petition from Southampton frd|*cting the War,

Much Marcle

Incloiine

Petition.

Ofoournbyar.d Kcwton A.icic-tuxe Vcation.

35 Geo. III. 30 Februarii. 119

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the said Parish of certain Open Corttmon

Si r Edward Liitletoiiand Mr. Wigleydo prepare, and Fields, and Half Year's Meadow Land, a Common

bring in, the fame. dinted Pafturt, and divers Waste Lands, containing

in the Whole about t,+oo Acres, and in the said A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses; and Parish of is a certain Plot of Half Year's

thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the Town of South- Meadow Land, lying near to the Town of ampon, was presented to the House, and read; Scn- containing iod Acres, or thereabouts; and that the ting forth, That the Petitioners, having anxiously Lands of the Petitioners, and of the other Owners considered the State of the Belligerent Powers, and and Proprietors, in the said Open Common Fields, attended to the great and important Subject of the Half Year's Meadow Lahd, and Common stinted War, cannot adopt the Language of Dcfpondency, but Pasture, in OJbournby aforesaid, and also in the said rather hope and trust that, by a vigorous Exertion of Plot of Meadow Land, in the said Parish of the National Powers, and a proper Application of the lie greatly intermixed, and, in their present Situa-abundant Resources we possess, an Enerhy how exult- tion, are incapable of any Improvement, but, if the ing in the rapid Progress of their Arms, and attempt- same were divided into specific Shares, and inclosed, ing to give Laws to Europe, will be induced to lifted the Whole might be very materially improved, to to Terms on which a firm and effectual Treaty may the great Advantage of all Parties interested, and to be founded — It is with particular Satisfaction the Pe* the Benefit of the Public 1 And therefore praying, titioners fee the Attention of Government turned to That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for divid-the speedy Increase of the Navy as the natural De- ing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Half fence of these Kingdoms; to that, and to the acknow- Year's Meadow Land, Common Pasture, and Waste ledged Bravery of our Troops, they look for an happy Lands, in the Parish of , in the County of

Conclusion of Hostilities; and shall willingly and Lincoln, and a Plot of Half Year's Meadow Land, in ehcarfully bear such Burthens as may be judged ne- the Parish of , in the said County, lying near

celfary to procure so desirable an Object: And there- to the Town of OJbournby aforesaid, subject to such fore praying the House to use their Wisdom and Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to the House shall Discretion in furtherance of His Majesty's Endea- seem meet.

yours to obtain a safe, permanent, and honourable Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Peace. pursuanc to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Sir JohnTborold and Mr. Junior, do prepare. Table, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Money, of Hom-House, in the A Petition of Sir Thomas Which cote. Baronet, Michael Swarby incio-

Parish of Much Marcle, in the County of Hereford, Newton, and William Erie Welby, Esquires, Owners fur®Petition* Esquire, Edward Walwyn,of Hellene, in the same Pa- and Proprietors of cerrain Open Common Fields and

rish, Esquire, and the several other Persons, whose Meadows, Common Stinted Pasture, and divers Waste Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Pro- Lands, in the Parish of in the County of

prietors of, and Persons interested in, the Lands, Lincoln,was presented to the House, and read; Setting Grounds, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, herein- forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain after mentioned, was presented to the House, and Open Common Fields, and Meadows; a Common read; Setting forth. That the said Parish is very ex- Stinted Pasture, and divers Waste Lands, containing tensive, containing in the Whole upwards of 5,000 together, i,oco Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Acres, and within the said Parish are certain Open Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, which contain about Fields, Meadows, and Common Stinted Pasture,- lie 800 Acres; and that not only the Lands in the said Open greatly intermixed, and, in their present Situation,

Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, bus also the greater are incapable of any Improvement, and the Petitioners Part of the inclosed Lands and Grounds in the said apprehend it would be of great Advantage to all Parish, lie extremely intermixed, and dispersed in small Parties concerned if the said Open Common Fields and Parcels, and are, in Consequence, incapable of any con- Meadows* Common Stinted Pasture, and Waste Lands, siderable Improvement; and that the dividing and were inclosed and divided amongst the several Per-inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and fons having an Interest therein, according to their specifically allotting to the Petitioners, and other respective Rights, Interests, and Properties: And Owners of Land therein, their respective Parts, ac- therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring cording to their several Shares, Rights, and Interests, in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-and granting Powers to Commissioners to make Ex- mon Fields and Meadows, Common Stinted Pasture, changes of Property in the said Parish, would not and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Swarby, in the only tend much to the Benefit and Advantage of the County of Lincoln, under such Orders, Rules, and Petitioners but be of Public Utility: And therefore Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner and under pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thac such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. Sir John and Mr. Vyner, Junior, do prepare.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, and bring in, the fame, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thac

Sir George Cornewalland Mr Edward Foley do pre- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Tiinley Indo-

pare, and bring in, the fame. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- <om*

tures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Pa- m* e '

A Petition of Sir 'Thomas Whichcole, Baronet, Sir rish of Trinley, otherwise in the County of

Gilbert Heathcote, Baronet, Sir William Manners, Ba- Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

ronet, anti others. Owners of certain Open Common RejolThat the Bill be committed to Captain Fields and Half Year's Meadow Land, a Common Berkeley, Mr. Master, &c.: And they are to meet this Pasture, and divers Waste Lands, in the Parish of Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's OJbournby, in the County of Lincoln, and of a certain Chamber.

Parcel of Half Year's Meadow Land, lying near to

the Town of OJbournby aforesaid, in the Parish of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Langford Newton, in the said County, was presented to the thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of, or other-House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within wife interested in, divers uninclosed Lands and Hereditaments

St. Martin Stamford Bairn Incl6fure B II committed.

Bridge Cartel-ton Inclosure Bid committed.

Hi^ligate and Battle Bridge &:c. Roads Petition.

120

3° Februarii.

A 1795

ditaments in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Set-. ting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other CQm-tnonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, lie inconve-i-oiently dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the other Proprietors, if the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons, interested therein, according to the Value of their respe&iye Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposesaforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. OJlora and Mr. St. John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Martin §tamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bochin, Mr. Mundy, $rc.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Charm-her.

A Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bridge Cafterton, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pa-chin, Mr. Mundy, See.: And they are to, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates a°d Inhabitants within the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Middlesex, through a Lane called Maiden Lane, in the said Parish, to Battle Bridge, in the same County, is in a very ruinous Condition, and incommodious to Passengers, and several of the other Highways and Footways within the said Parish, which arc not included in any Turnpike Acts, arc also much out of Repair and incommodious, and, being many Miles in Length, and great Thoroughfares, the General Laws in being, which provide for the Repair of Highways, do not authorize ?ay Mode of railing and applying such Sums of Money as arc requisite for the due Amendment and Re-: pair of the said Highways and Footways respectively, and for discharging the Debt incurred in respect thereof, and it is become necessary for the Safety and Accommodation of the Neighbourhood, and the Public, that some further Provision should be made, and Powers given, for effectually amending, repairing, and regulating the fame, and discharging such Debt: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill foe the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex.

amine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Hobart,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re. cords.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Riiitoappor-apportion the Relief by the several Statutes now in Force directed to be given to the Wives and Families £iven to the of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates, serving in the Militia, between the County ordered. at large, and the peculiar Districts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia: And that Mr. Wigley, Mr. Hobart, and Sir George Jackson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Worrtsy and Painington Canal Petition icporUd*

Mr. Blqckburnt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, Lord of the Manor of , in the County Palatine of Lancaster,was referred j That the

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations- of the said Petition,

Mr. Benjamin Southern, an Engineer, being examined, laid, That, from a Survey he has lately taken, it is pratfticable to make a Navigable Cut from the Canal of the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Township of Worjley to the Township of Painington, near the

Town of Leigh, in the County of Lancaster; and that the making such Navigable Cut will be of great Benefit tp all Persons residing or having £states near the Line thereof, and also of Public Utility.

And the Witness added, That the Duke of Bridge-water is desirous, at his own Expence, to make, support, and maintain the said Cut.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Most: Noble Francis Duke of Bridge-water to make a Navigable Cut from his present Navigation, in the Township of Worfley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Township of Painington, near the Town of Leigh, in the said County: And that Mr. Blaekburneand Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chute presented to the House, according to Preston Card. Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road °vcr> nuing-from Preston Candover to Basingftcke, in the County {o^'koad bill of Southampton, and from thence to in the said piefented.

County: And she same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Starch, made from Wheat Flour or other Materials, which has paid Duty in Great Britain, from the ill of January 1794. to the ift of January 179.5.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Hair Powder, made from Wheat Flour or other Materials, which has paid Duty, from the iftof January 179+ to the ift of January

>795*

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Ordet^ a Bill for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders

Accounts of Search anil Hair Powder, ordered.

Bill for rendering cflfefUiil certain Orders in Council re-l‘pecting the Ad million of Effects, pre-iented*

35 Geo. III.

3° — 40 Februarii.

in

kill for pro* hibiting the Export of Grain, and permitting the Importation of Grain and Provisiont, committed.

Account of PruflUn Troop* employed in pur-fmnce of the Treaty in April 1794, prckattd.

Accounts of Sritish Tioopt killed, wound-ted, &c in the lad Campaign, prtfoud.

Bill for requiring Owners of Ships to fumifh Men for the Navy, committed.

Orders in Council of the i(5th and iift of January 1795, respecting the Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country; to be Warehoused: And the same was received } and read the First Time. s

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Yhurjddy Morning next;

A Bill for prohibiting the Export from Scotland of any Article of Grain, and for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom of all Articles of Grain, and other Provisionsj Duty free; was, according to Order, read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill.bfe committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to & Committee of the whole Hotife.

Resolved, That this House will; Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of the Troops employed by the King o (Prussia,in pursuance of the Treaty signed in April 1794, as far as the same can be ascercained. And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sessiori.

Mr. Secretary Dundas pfefenred to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of the Men, killed, wounded, missing, and Prisoners; of the British Troops serving on the Continent under the Command of His Royal Highness the Duke of York, since the Commencement of the last Campaign, distinguishing each Corps and Service, as far as the same can be made out from the Accounts received at the Secretary of State's Office: And also;

An Account of the Men killed, wounded, missing, and Prisoners, of the British TroopS serving On the Island of Corjtca, since their first Landing on that

Island, distinguishing each Corps and Service; as far as the same can be made out from the Accounts received at the Secretary of State's Office: And also,

An Account of Men killed, wounded, missing, arid Prisoners, of the British Troops, since the last Campaign, in the West Indies, under the Command of General Sir Charles Grey, K. B. as far as the same can be made out from the Returns received at the Secretary of State's Office t And also.

An Account of Men killed, wounded, missing, and Prisoners, of trie British Troops, since the last Campaign, in the I (land of Saint Domingo, under the Command of Major General IVill, as far as the same can be made out from the Returns received at the Secretary of State's Office t And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Recapitulation."

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Paper.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for requiring the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to Great Britain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their Voit, L

respective Voyages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com-rriittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, iipon the said Bill;

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the BUbampton Open arid Common Fields, and all other Commonable Btl*

Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bijhampton, in the County of WoreeJler-, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields; and all other Commonable Lands arid Grounds, within the Parish of Bijhampton, in the County of WoreeJler.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill for railing House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in Great «d.7 Britain, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tithe.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Timfe Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House ddjoufned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 35* Georgii III,u Regis, 1795;

Pr A Y Eft 3.

SI R John Mordaunt reported from the Coirimittee, Eatington

to whom the Petition of several Owners and Pro* churrtl'eS^ prietors of Lands and Estates, within the Townships tion reported, or Hamlets of Upper Eatington and Futlready, in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in the County of Warwick, and also of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and several of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had diretfted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Henry Shaw being examined, said. That there are, within the said Townships, several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any' considerable Improvement, and it would be of Advantage to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed. — That the Church of the said Parish is in a ruinous Condition, and being at the Extremity of the Parish, is very inconveniently situated for the Attendance of the Parishioners j and if the said Church was taken down, and a new one erected as near the Centre of the Parish as may be, and a proper Cemetery or Burial Ground set out adjoining or near thereto, it would be a great Accommodation to the Inhabitants of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a IJill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common

I i Fields

Brecon and Ahernant Road Petition*

Rnulton Inclosure Petition*

fvel^hciler and Ltngport Natation Pcti.

"!0T.

Ill

4° Februarii.

A. 17950

Fields within the Hamlets of Upper and

Fulrcady, in the Parish of Lower , ii\ the County of Warwick, and for taking down and re-i building the Church of the said Parish: And that Sir John Mordaunt and Sir George William -

burgh Evelyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates and Manufacturers in the Counties of Brecon and , was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Brecon Turnpike Road at or near a certain Public House, called y Blew, in the County of Brecon, to the Neath Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called Abernant, in the Parish of Cadoxton Jukta Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, is greatly out of Repair, and incommodious for Carriages and Travellers; and that the effectually amending and repairing the said Road would not only be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and all other Persons residing or having Estates or Manufactories upon or near the Line thereof, but would also, by making a commodious Communication between the said Brecon and Turnpike Roads,

be of considerable Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering commodious, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Morgan, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Selfe, Esquire, Richard Selfe, Esquire, and the Reverend Joseph Atwell Small, DoCfor in Divinity, Devisees in Trust named in the last Will and Testament of "John Cripps, Esquire, deceased, late Lord of the Manor of Boulton, in the Parish of,

in the County of Wilts, and Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but the same may be greatly improved, and rendered very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if they were divided, inclosed, and allotted to the several Persons so interested according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Occupiers of Land, Traders, and Inhabitants, within the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Navigation of the Rivers Ivel,otherwise Teo, and Parrett, and the Drain

or Rhine, called Portlake Rhine, between the Town of lvdcbesler, in the County of , and the En-

trance of the said Rhine into the said River Parrett, near the Town of Langport, in the said County, is, in many Places, greatly impeded by Shoals and other Obstructions, and is not, at present. Navigable for Barges and other Vessels of Burthen; and thac the widening, improving, and supporcing the Navigation of the said River Ivel, otherwise Teo, from the said Town of Ivelchester, to its Junction with the said River Parrett, and the widening, improving, and supporr-ing the Navigation of the said River Parrett from the said Junction of the River Ivel,other;wife Teo, therewith, to or near the said Town of and the

widening, making Navigable, and supporting, a certain Drain or Rhine, called Portlake Rhine, running from the upper End of a Place, called Cockle Moor 'Island, near Langport aforesaid, under a certain Bridge in Langportaforesaid, called The Little Bow, and through Part of a Moor, called Langport Moor, into the said River Parrett, below Langport Bridge, would not ortly be of Advantage to the Petitioners, but would also be of great Utility to the Neighbourhood, and the more Interior Parts of, the Country, as thereby an easy Communication for the Space of about Eight Miles further into the County of Somerset than at prefenr, for all Articles of Commerce and Confu.mption, would be opened, and also a considerable Saving would be had in the Carriage of Corn, Cyder, Stone, and other Articles of the Produce and Manufactures of the Neighbouring Country: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the said Rivers and Rhine, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thac the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And thac they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Buller, Mr. Hippijley Coxe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;.and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Another Petition of the several Persons, whose Petition for Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lh7/offhe Estates, Occupiers of Land, Traders, and Inhabitants, lveichesterand within the County of Some Jet, was prefen red to the ^afton^* House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners 0 have petitioned the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the Rivers Ivel, otherwise Teo, and Parrett, and the Rhine, called Portlake Rhine, between the Town of in the County of Somerset, and the Entrance of the said Rhine into the said River Parrett, near the Town of Langport, in the said County; and that, in pursuance of the Standing Orders of the House, the Petitioners caused Notices to be given of an Application to Parliament for Leave to improve,the Navigation of the said Rivers and Rhine, and also caused a Plan of such Improvements* and a Book of Reference to be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, according to the Directions of the said Standing Orders; and that, since the depositing of the said Plan and Book of Reference, the Petitioners have been advised, that if, instead of following the Course of the Stream between Bicknell Bridge a little above the Junction of the said Rivers and Portlake Rhine, a Cut was to be made from the said Bridge, into the said Rhine, being about the Distance of Three Quarters of a Mile, it would be the Means of more effectually completing the Improvement of the said Navigation, and of facilitating the Drainage of the neighbouring Lands in Times of Flood; and that all the Owners and Occupiers of Land, through which such Cut is proposed to be made, are confirming thereto, and the said Cut will, in no Place, be a greater Distance than One Quarter of a Mile from the Line of Great Cat* worth Inclo* lure Petition*

Womditch

inclosure

Petition*

WiiVs Nat* Bill piefented.

SchmJdtmey-, ci's Nau Poii-tioik

35 Geo. IN; 4

113

the said Risers: Aiid therefore praying, Thar, in Consideration of the Circumstances before-mentioned, Leave may be given to deviate from their Original Plan, by making the said New Cut in Rich Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Most Noble Duke of

Marichester, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, Whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Commons, and Commonable Ground, and otherwise interested in the Open And Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, wi;hin the Parish of Great Catworth, in the Counties of Huntingdon a id ton, was presented to the House, and read; Setring forth. That the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the fame, and also the said Commons and Commonable Places, in theft- prefenc Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons iri-terested therein; if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, under such Restrictions as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wigley and the Earl Ludlow do prepare) and bring

in, the lame.

A Petition of the Most Noble William Duke oF Manchester, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Commons, and Commonable Ground, and otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, of , in the Parish

of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, and other Pieces or Parcels of Commonable Ground, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the fame, and also the said Commonable Grounds, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, under such Restrictions as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wigley and the Earl Ludlow do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing And the fame was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of Peter Schmidtmeyer, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his>Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Baring do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Jacqueline Charlotte Comtesse de Horn- Hompefch'*< pejeb and James Charles Philip Bcuwens, was presented ^.Pe^on* to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a, Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Baring do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

hAr. Blad.bume presented to the House, according, Worheyand to Order, a Bill to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cut from prefemed. his present Navigation, in the Township of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Laricaster, to the Township of Painington, near the Town of Leigh, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Richard Orrell, of Quarlton, in the Edgworth County of Laricaster, Gentleman, Thomas Fogg, of Belton in the Moors, in the said County, Merchant,

William Hutchinson, of Bury, in the said County, Merchant, William Woodcock, of Holcome, in the said County, Gentleman, Samuel Haydock, the Elder, of Edgworth, in the said County, Yeoman, the Reverend Henry Offlcy Wright, of Mottram Saint Andrew, in the County of Chester, Clerk, John Lawjon, of Sharpies.

Hall, in the Parish of Bolton aforesaid, Efcfuire,

Brandwood, of Entwijlle, In the said County of Lan-casier. Gentleman, Roger Haymer, of aforesaid, Yeoman, Andrew Knowles, of Entwijlle aforesaid;

Yeoman, Samuel Knowles, of Turt in the Parish of Bolton, and County of Lancaster aforesaid. Yeoman, and of divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in Edgworth, Entwijlle, and Quarlton, aforesaid, respectively, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the Township of Edgworth aforesaid, certain Commons, or divers Parcels of Waste Grounds and Modes, called Edgworth Moor, amounting to 400 Customary Acres, after the Rate of Eight Yards to the Rod or Perch, of thereabouts, which now lie waste and uncultivated, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, inclosed; and held in Severalty, would be of very great Advantage to that Part of the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular, as a great Part thereof may be converted into Plowing and Meadow Ground; aftd the Petitioners are desirous that the said Commons,

Waste Grounds, and Modes, may be fevered and divided by Commissioners in that Behalf to be appointed, in order to be inclosed, and held in Severalty, by the respective Proprietors, in Proportion and according to their respective Rights, Titles, and Interests therein:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to have the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, in Edgworth aforesaid, inclosed, divided, and allotted, by Commissioners in such Bill to be named, unto and amongst the Petitioners and the rest of the Land Owners in Edgworth, Entwijlle, and Quarlton, aforesaid, that have Right of Common thereon, according and in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests in and to the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Trustees, appointed for Rochdale, Ha-putting in Execution Three several A<51s of Parliament made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years Petition, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His pre-§ sent

124

4° Februa.

A 1795.

Steeple City* dpn inclosure Petition*

sent Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of in the County Palatine of , leading over a

certain Craggy Mountain called Edge, in

the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Elland, in the County of York, as well as of the Mortgagees of the Tolls and Duties arising on the said Road, as of other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Powers given by the first-mentioned Act, the Trustees therein named did erect a Turnpike Gate across the said Road, and take the Tolls and Duties by the said Act appointed to be taken, and did also borrow, upon Mortgage of the said Tolls, from the late Sir Ralphe Zdfsbeton, Baronet, and others, large Sums of Money, which have been expended in making, repairing, and amending, the said Road, as by the said Act is di-rested; and that by the second-mentioned Act, the Terms and Powers, granted by the said first-mentioned Act, were enlarged for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and, the Powers granted by the said Acts being found insufficienr for the Purposes intended, the said last mentioned Act was obtained for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Two Acts for the further Term of Twenty-One Years, all which Terms are now nearly expired; and that the Trustees, appointed by the said several Acts, have borrowed, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Read, further Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to 10,000, which is now due to the Mortgagees on the Credit of the said Tolls, and that there is now owing, upon private Contrafts, from the Petitioners the said Trustees, unto divers other Persons who have advanced the fame, for the Purpose of repairing, widening, diverting, turning, and amending, the said Road, various Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to £. 1,000, and upwards, and the Money arising from the said Tolls is not sufficient to repay the fame, and the Interest accruing on the Mortgage or principal Money of f. 10,000, and the other necessary and incidental

Charges attending the Execution of the said several Acts, independent of the said principal Sum of £.10, 000, and of the Money necessary to be raised for the Purpose of widening and diverting the said Road in the flnoft easy and commodious Manner, and for effectually keeping in good and sufficient Repair the said Road, containing in Length about Twenty-one Miles, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said several Acts, be further enlarged, amended, and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem most proper, and that such Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Did Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Thomas

Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-!ng, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Mary Baroness Fermanagh, Lady of the Manor of Steeple Claydon, in the County of Bucks, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Lands within the same Parish, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Ground, consisting of Eighty Yard Lands and an Half,

or thereabouts, of Arable Land and Ley Ground, and divers Quantities of Meadow and Failure Ground, which lie intermixed and difperled in small Quantities, so as to be inconvenient for Occupation, and would be capable of considerable Improvement, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to biing in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, under such Regular tions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hardinge and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors and Inhabitants within the Towns of Pontefract and in the

West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act lately patted, for dividing the Park of in

the County of York,'and for other Purposes therein mentioned, a certain Portion or Allotment of the said Park was set apart, and fevered from the Residue thereof, for the Use of the Inhabitants of Pontefract and TanJloeJf, in the Manner, and subject to the Regulations and Restrictions mentioned in the said Act, bur several Amendments are found wanting to render the same more useful to the Inhabitants of the said Towns: That there are Means of {applying the Inhabitants of the said Towns more plentifully and conveniently with Water, and the said Towns would be greatly improved, if proper Powers were obtained, not only for procuring such Supply, but also for paving, lighting, and cleansing the fame, and for removing Annoyances therein, the Execution of which said Powers might be greatly facilitated, by obtaining the proposed Amendments in the above-mentioned Act of Parliament; and that the greatest Part of the late Fields and Open Grounds within the said Townships of Pontefract and Tanjhelf, and the Manor of Tanjhelf, have been inclosed, but some small Parts thereof yet remain open, which is, in a great Measure, owing to Property held in Mortmain, and by Persons under various Incapacities to alienate, lying intermixed therewith; and that the unalienable Property in the said Towns of

and Tanjhelf, and the said Manor of is other-

wife productive of great Inconvenience, and it would be of great Utility if proper Powers of exchanging, and of flatting,or lying together, were obtained; and that Regulations respecting the Poor and divers Hof-pitals in the said Towns, and respt sting a Charity School in the said Town of and the Pro-

perty belonging to those Institurions respectively, would be of great Benefit to the said Inhabitants and Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for ettefting the Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. force, &cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the Floufe, according to Order, a Bill for establishing and apportioning the valued Rent of the Islands of Zetland, Part of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, and for regu-lr.*ing the Mode of giving Notice when a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said Stewarrry is to be elected: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refohcd,

Pontefra& and Tanflie.f Paving, 6cc. PetU tioiu

Bill for efla-blifliine: the valued Rent of the Islands of Zetland, &c. &c. presented.

35 Geo. III. a0 Feb Marti. 125

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant February.

Thame* and A Petition of the Commissioners, appointed for put-

Peritiongation t,nS 'nto ^xecut'on the several Acts of Parliament made for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near , in the County of -

dlesex, to the Town of in the County of

Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by certain Acts, made in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near , in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of , in the County of Wilts, the Commissioners thereby appointed were impowered to borrow and take up at interest, on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Navigation, the Sum of £. 75,000, for the Purposes of amending and improving the said Navigation; and that, in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Acts, the said Commissioners have borrowed, and taken up at interest, the Sum of jf. 53,700, on the Credit of the Tolls arising, and to arise, on the said Navigation, and have expended the said Sum, or the greatest Part thereof, and the said Tolls, as they have aril'en, in making and erecting necessary Pound Locks in such Part of the said Navigation as the said Commissioners were impowered to do, and in making Horse Towing Paths, ballasting, and deepening the Channel of the said River, and doing other Works for amending and improving the said Navigation, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to Leacblade,in the County of Gloucester, being an Extent of upwards of One Hundred Miles, by reason of which said Improvements and Amendments the Price of Water Carriage on the said Navigation hath been lessened within the Extent of the said Improvements, and the said Navigation is rendered more safe, certain, and expeditious; and that, by the said Acts, it is provided, that no Pound Lock shall be erected between the City Stone and within the

Second'District of the said Navigation, by reason of which Proviso the said Commissioners have not been able to improve the Navigation in that Part of the River so well as in the other Parts thereof, and there are, in such Second District, between the City Stone and Boulter's Lock, divers Shoals, Shallows, rapid Currents, Obstructions, and Impediments to the Navigation, which cannot be so advantageously removed or remedied as by erecting Pound Locks, where needful, within the said Second District; and that the said Sum of £. 75,000 which the Commissioners are impowered to borrow and raise by virtue of the said Acts, will not be suficient for erecting the said Pound Locks, and making Works necessary thereto, and for purchasing the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, payable at the Old Locks, Weirs, and Winches, on the said Navigation, for removing Impediments and Obstructions, and fully improving and completing the said Navigation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for impowering and enabling the said Commissioners to erect necessary Pound Locks within the Second District of the said Navigation, and for laying reasonable Tolls at the Pound Locks so to be erected, and to give to the said Commissioners Powers to borrow, and take up at interest, a further Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising, and to arise, on the said Navigation, for the better improving and completing the fame, for regulating the Qualification of the Commissioners, and to give to the said Commissioners all such further Powers as may be necessary Voi. L.

for improving and completing the said Navigation within their Jurisdiction, where it shall appear to be de-fed ive, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vanfiltart, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Baili ffs, and Commonalty, Exeter Paving, of the City of Exeter, under their Common Seal, and &c*Peuuon' also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the said City, and County of the same City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the City of Exeter is an extensive and populous City, in which a very considerable Trade is carried on, that many Strangers resort to the said City for their Convenience, as a temporary Place of Residence, and the Great Western Road to His Majesty's Dock Yards at Plymouth, and many considerable Towns and Places, and to the County of Cornwall, pafles through the fame} and that the Public Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paths, Passages, and Places in the said City, and Suburbs thereof, contiguous or nearly adjoining thereto, and within the County of the same City, arc not properly paved, cleansed, or lighted, and are subject to various Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are also in many Places exceedingly narrow, incommodious, and dangerous for Passengers '

and Carriages, and the paving, cleansing, and lighting the same in a proper Manner, removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and also widening and opening Streets in some Places, and making new Streets and Passages where necessary, will be of great Benefit and Convenience to'all Pdrfons residing in, resorting to, or passing through the said City; and that the Methods which have heretofore been used by the Inhabitants of the said City for maintaining the Pavement in the Streets, Passages, and Places aforesaid, and repairing the same before their respective Houses or otherwise, according to the Customs and Usages of the said City, have been found inadequate for that Purpose, and although an Act was passed, in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for lighting the Streets of the said City and Suburbs thefeof, vet the Powers thereby granted have proved very inluflicient on Account of the small Number of Lamps thereby allowed to be fee up and maintained, and therefore it would be expedient that the Usages and Customs aforesaid, for paving the said Streets, should be discontinued, and the Powers of the said Act for lighting the same extended, in order that more ample and effectual Provisions should be made for those Purposes; and that, for accomplishing the Purposes aforesaid, a very considerable Sum of Money will be necessary, which it may be proper to raise upon the Credit, or by Means of certain Rates and Duties to be paid by the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, and Buildings, within the said City and Districts aforesaid, in Satisfaction of any Rates, Duties, Customs, Usages, or Services to be paid, or performed by them, in respect of any of the Matters aforesaid, and also by certain Tolls upon Horses and Carriages coming into, and going out of the said City, or in such other Manner, and by such other Means, as to the House shall seem meet: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, and also for making such other Regulations as may tend to the general Accommodation and Convenience of the.

Public.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the K k Consideration

12 6 4° fiebruarii. 1795*

Confederation of a Committee 5 And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it - shall appear to them,*to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baring, Mr. c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ton^ncWurT* ^r* P°p^am reported from the Committee, to whom

Bill "ported. Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called Norib Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of North Petherton, in the County of Somerset, was committed: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Five Freehold Rights and Four Leasehold Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Eleven Freehold Rights and One Leasehold Right, who could not be met with; and also, except the Owners of One Freehold Right and Five Leafciiold Rights, who could not be ascertained; and also, except the Owners of Eight Freehold Rights and Fight Leasehold Rights, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection; and that the whole Number of Freehold Rights is 389, and of Leasehold Rights 158); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ghe Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One } and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to *by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

PtHbury A Petition of the Warden and College of the Souls

Petition* all faithful People deceased of and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lands and Tythes within- the Manor and Parish of Padbury, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Warden and College are Lords of the said Manor, and there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open Common Fields, Commons, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Quantities, so as to be inconvenient for Occupation, and are capable of considerable Improvement, if the same . were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the fame, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Popham and Sir William Dclbcn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Thorp AuHlin A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names

!ion°fUrePct'" are hereunto subscribed, being Owners of ancient Common Right Houses, and Frontsteads, and of Lands and Grounds in the Township of in the Parish of Badjwort in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and indofed, and specific

Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and all -other Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be giveh to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend Joh Doctor Beilby fncUn of Divinity, Dean of the Cathedral and Mecropolitical sure Pctmou. Church of Saint Peter, in York, Owner of the Great Tythes, and of the Tythe of Wool and Lamb, growing, renewing, or arising in the Township of in the Parish of Hayton, in the County of York, and also Patron of the Chapelry of Beilby aforesaid, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners of Estates and Common Rights there respeiftivciy, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, Meadows, Paf-rures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and the several Properties in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures lie intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that it would be of great'Advantage to the several Persons interested in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, if the same were inclostd, and divided into specific Allotments, and exempted from Tythes and other F.cdefiastical Dues, and if all Right of Common, Stray, or Average, were to cease: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and for making a Compensation to the Owner of thtf Great Tythes, and Tythe of Wool and Lamb for the fame, and also for making a Compensation to the Curate of the Chapel of Beilby aforesaid for ail Small Tythes,

Dues, and Payments whatsoever, Yearly arising within the said Township, and belonging to the said Curate, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. JVtlberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Knwelba-are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or entitled to certain Rights and Privileges within the e District, called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Lands, Rights, and Privileges in the said District, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That, by virtue of Two Act, of the Tenth and Fourteenth Years of His Majesty's Reign, upwards of ao,oooo Acres of Waste Land have been, by certain Commissioners thereby appointed,allotted to the Petitioners, and divers other Persons entitled thereto, within the aforesaid D;strict, and great Parts thereof have been inclosed and improved at a great Expence,-and, by the Provisions contained in the said Acts, or One of them, the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the said Distridf, were empowered, at any Time before the Execution of the General Award of the said Commissioners,-thereby directed to be made and executed by them, to exchange, in the Manner therein mentioned, all or 4iny of their Allotments of the said Wastes, Messuages,

Lands, or Tenements, so that the same were made with the Consent of the Commissioners, and declared by their said Award; and that the said Commissioners, having made and executed their said General Award before it could be known what Exchanges the said Owners and Proprietors might be desirous of making,

6 . ' divers

35 Geo. lit 4° Febfuam. ii*j

divers of the Petitioners and other Owners of Allotments, who were, and still are, desirous of making such Exchanges, have loft the Opportunity of so doing, and are unable to effect the fame, unless the Power of making such Exchanges be renewed and enlarged; and that, by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Time limited for making Exchanges under the said Acts was renewed and extended, bur, from various Causes, the Time so renewed and extended has elapsed, without several of the Owners of Lands, Rights, and Privileges, in the said District, having been able to cffefl the fame; and that a great Part of the Parish of Knarejborcugh is situated within the ancient Boun-

dary of the Eleven Constableries of the Forest of Kr.arejboroiigh, and the Townships of Knaresborough and Striven cum‘Tentergate, are, by the said Inclosure, be-

come very much intermixed with the said Eleven Constableres, and Doubts have arisen, and may hereafter arise, to what Extent the Exchanges can or may be m;:dr, under the Powers of the said Acts: And thereiore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners named in, or appointed by, the said Acts, for a limited Time, to confirm and establish such Exchanges as have been agreed upon, or shall be made, by and between any - of the Owners or Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the said District, and to declare to what Extent Exchanges may be made under the Powers of the said Acts, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

St. Botolph A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the

PoorPctiiion. Poor, and Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Botolph,

Biffopfgate, in the Liberties of the City of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His, present Majesty, intituled, *An Act for the more effectual af(effing and coliefling of the Rates for Relief of the <c Poor in the Parish of Saint , in

the Liberties of the City of London," the Powers whereof have been defcdtive and inefficient, and it is necessary the same should be amended, or wholly repealed, and new Powers granted; and that the said Parish is large and populous, and the Poor thereof have of late Years greatly increased, and are become very numerous; and that the Workhouse belonging to the said Parish is an ancient decayed Building, and by no Means capable of receiving the Number of Poor Persons applying for Relief, and it would be the Means of diminishing the Expence of maintaining and relieving the said Poor Persons, and tend greatly to the Comfort and Benefit of the Poor themselves, if the requisite Amendments were made to the said Act, and further Powers were given for erecting and providing a sufficient Workhouse, and for employing, regulating, and governing, the Poor of the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given tp bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Sir JVatkin Lewes,&c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edward'Croxall, Esquire, Aidrictl

in the Counry of IVrw.ck, and William Smallwood,

Gentleman, of Aldidre, otherwise , in thfe

County of Stafford, Claimants of the Manor and Soil within the Township of Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the said County of Stafford, and the Reverend John Wilde, Rc£tor and Impropriator of the Tythes within the fairie Township, and the humble Petition of the several Freeholders within thefaiu Township,who have Rightof Common upon the Commons and WafteLands within the said Township, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for, and in Behalf of, themselves and others, interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Township or Parish otherwise Aldrich,a large and extensive Traflof Open Commons and Waste Lands, containing 350 Acres; or thereabouts, which, in its present uncultivated State, is of little Value to the Persons interested therein, but; if the same were divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested, a very considerable Benefit would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Commons and Waste Lands, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Priyer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Littleton and Mr. Wilb do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- AHriHge closing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Great Barr and Aldr, in the Parish pa of Aldridge, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Great Barr and Aldridge, in the Parish of in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Hagworthing-thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of Hagworthingham, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Uninclosed Fields, Lands, Commons, Wastes; and Grounds, which may -be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed, and allotted in Severalty to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Senior, Sir John Thorol and Mr. Vyner, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Roped<-y and

by de Broke, and the humble Petition of the several ^,"(!T'peyl;|f0cI|0* other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of Ropejley, and the Liberties or Townships of Great and Little

Humby, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that there are, within the said Parish and Liberties or Townships, several Fields, Heaths, Commons, Wastes, and divers Pieces and Parcels of Open and Uninclosed Land and Ground, which may be greatly improved by being

divided

I x8 4° Februariu A. 1795.

divided and inclosed, and allotted in Severalty to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights therein: And therefore praying. That Leave nrtay be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Senior, Sir John and Mr.

Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Owmbyincio* A Petition of William , Esquire, and of the

fore Petition., several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of, or* interested in, Estates within the Lordship of Owmby in the Parish of , in thet County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Lordship, certain Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, which may be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed, and allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Senior, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. Vyner, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cantor incto- A Petition of Thomas Esquire, and of the

lure Petition, several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of, or interested in, Estates within the Lordship of Cai/lor, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Lordship, certain Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds,

1 which may be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed, and allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring 13- a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Senior, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. Vyner, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Gaintburgh A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ixama"0 thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and pS* C* others. Freeholders, and having Right of Common, and other Rights and interests, in and upon the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township and Parish of Qainjburgh, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township and Parish, several Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, Meadows, Failure Lands, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Grounds, containing together, by Estimation, 3,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement, and cannot be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the same were' effectually inclosed, divided, allotted, drained, and embanked, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Properties, Rights of Common, and other interests therein, which would tend greatly to the Benefit of all such Persons, and be like-wife of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and

improving, the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Ground:, and also, for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and Uninclosed Grounds, and from certain other Lands within the said Township and Parish, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem requisite. \

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Senior, Sir John Thorold, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Epworth, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, having Right of Common and Turbary, and Drainage Ptti-other Rights and interests, upon the Commons and t,on*

Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of,

Ilaxey, Belton, and Owston, in the Isle of in

the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said several Parishes, large Tracts of Common and Waste Grounds, known by the Name of The ljle Commons, containing, in the Whole, by Estimation,

12,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement, but, if they were effectually drained, divided, and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotred to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Properties, Rights of Common, and other interests therein, and the fame, and also certain other Lands, within the said Parishes, were exonerated from the Payment of Tythes, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested: And therefore praying, Thac Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands, within the said Parishes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and reporc the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Senior, Sir John Thorold, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, aiNineof the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, High Steward, Coroner, or«tftryPa». Town Clerk, and Burgeifes, and several of the prin- ing. &c. Pui-cipal Inhabitants of the Town of OJweJlry in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Town, are not properly paved, cleansed, or lighted, and are subject to various Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and are, in some Parts, narrow and incommodious; and that the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, in a proper Manner, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and rendering the fame, in all Parts, sufficiently wide and commodious for Passengers and Carriages, would be of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons residing in, and rclbrting to, the said Town; and that there are, within the Liberties of the said Town, certain Waste Lands, containing

Denbigh and Mold Koadt Petition*

35 Geo. III.

4° Februarii.

ing about Twelve Acres, over which the Burgesses of the said Town, Owners of Lands within the Liberties thereof, are entitled to Right of Common, from which they derive very little Benefit, and they are desirous that the same should be fold, and the Money arising by such Sale, in the first Place, applied in Aid of a Subscription, already made, for defraying the Expence of obtaining an Act of Parliament for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the said Town, and also in Aid of any Rates to be made for carrying the said intended Improvements into Effect; and that, from the great Increase of the Inhabitants of the said Town, the present Church Yard is become too small, and it is therefore necessary, for the proper Burial of the Dead, that a Piece of Ground should be provided for the Purpose of enlarging the fame, or for making a new Burial Ground: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Ritbard Hill, &c. i And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon IVen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said ^Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made thereto; and that a certain Road branching out of the above Turnpike Road, near a Public House, oppofne Lleweney Park, known by the Sign of the Blue Hand, and extending from thence to the Entrance into a certain Common, called Denbigh Green, and from the said Entrance into such Common, across Part thereof, till it joins the Turnpike Road at the North End of the same Common, leading from the Town of Denbigh aforesaid to the Town of Saint Afapb, in the said County of is in a ruinous

Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the above mentioned Act, and for including therein the said Road leading from the Blue Hand to the Turnpike Road at the North End of Denbigh Green aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hill, Sir Richard Hill, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Vol. L.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, add *Datchet snd others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Bucks and Mewouhca-

dlesex, and of the Merchants and Traders of the Cities "* of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a very considerable Intercourse in Point of Trade carried on between the Cities of and

Westminster, and the Western Counties of* England, by Means of the River Thames; and that the Navigation of the said River from a Place called Hog-^Hole in the said River, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, to Ijleworth, in the County of Middlesex, is connderably Obstructed by Shoals and other Impe- > diluents, and frequently prejudiced by the LoWness of the Water in Summer, and by Floods in Winter, whereby the necessary Supplies of Timber and Bark, and of Malt, Cheese, Flour, and other Articles of Provision for the Metropolis, are rendered uncertain, and frequently damaged, and Goods and Merchandize for the Supply of the Western Counties are often obstructed and delayed; and that by making a Canal for the Purpose of Navigation from the said Place called Hog-Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, to the said River, at or near The Rails Head, in the Parish of,

aforesaid (and which will pals nearly. Two-thirds of the whole Distance between the said Place called Hog-Hole and The Rails-Head, over Commons and Waste Lands) Fourteen Miles of Navigation will be saved in a Distance of Twenty-eight Miles and Six Furlongs, the Expence of Towing, and the Number of Horses used for that Purpose will be considerably reduced, and the Voyage will be performed with Expedition, whereby the said Canal will open an easy Communication for the Conveyance of Provisions, apd of the various Products, from the Western Counties to the Metropolis, and will facilitate the Carriage of heavy Goods from the Founderies and Iron Manufactories in Shropshire and Wales, and also the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Coals, and other Articles, from the Metropolis to the Western Counties, and the Inconveniencies sustained from the natural Defects of the said River, within the above-mentioned Limits, will be avoided, the Intercourse of Trade promoted, and the Agriculture of the Country, throughout the Line and Neighbourhood thereof, will be materially assisted, by being supplied with Manure at a moderate Expence, and the same will be of very great Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Place in the River Thames,called or known by the Name of Hog-Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said.River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails-Head, in the Parish of Ijleworth, in the County of Middlesex,in such Manner, and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Alderman Anderson, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Cheddir thereunto subscribed. Owners and Occupiers of Lands *Be.,"fure and Tenements within the Parish of Cheddar, in the *ut,n‘ County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Commonable Lands, which now lie waste and uncultivated, and subject toTref-

L1 paffiu.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to continue A3 for fccur-ing suspected Persons, with Amendments*

130 ' 4 0 Februari 1795.

I -

pafles, which, in their present open and undivided State, it is impossible to prevent, and which are of very little Advantage to the Proprietors thereof in general, and, there are also, within the said Parish, divers detached and intermixed Lands, which in their present State and Situation are very inconvenient for the Occupation of the Proprietors thereof} and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Lands, if the said Open and Commonable Lands were divided and inclosed, and the said detached and intermixed Lands exchanged, so as to render the same more convenient for the Occupation thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke fVyndbam, Mr. , and Mr.

Fbppijley Cone, do prepare, and bring in,-the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Sfranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, *< An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain such t: Persons as His Majesty lha. suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government}" with some Amendments} to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intitu'ed, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Albert WInzer and Simon Maurice Betbmann\ to which the Lords delire the

Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers-withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Newland, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door, he was called in} and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of £. 1,874,200. 4 s.2 d.in One Year, from February 4th

1794 to January31st 1795, by the Commissioners ap-

pointed for the Reduction of the National Debt} like-wife, an Account of the Receipt of 455,206. 9 8

to be applied in the Quarter between the lft February and the ift May 1795.'

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth, viz.

V

4

An

y

The Lords have paffcil

Winrer and Beth man ns Nat. Bill.

Account of ReJuction of National Debt presented.

A % A C COUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £. 1,874,200. 4 s.2d. in One Year, from February 4th 1794 to January 31st 1795, by the Commissioners appointed by 26th

of Geo. III. for the Reduction of the National Debt.

g

(Q'_

n'

CD

CL

O

o

FT

D*!

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

C"

To Calli paid for the following Stock, purchased as the Act directs; viz*.

Capital Stock.

,095,769 5 6 Confol4 £.3 Ann* — 474,176 3 8 Reduced Ann* Confol4 —

62,950 — — Old South Sea Ann* — .

103,400 — — New South Sea Ann* —

47,400-£3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 —

2,563,695 9 *

Carried aver s — £

*>384,217 9 7

184,387 8 7

42,354 13 9 69,164 10 —

18,542 s __

1,698,664 611

D

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

By Cash received at sundry Times,

From the Exchequer, being Four Quarterly Issues — — _ ___

D° ..... being an additional Issue — — — ___

For 6 Months Int. on 4,860,000 — — Confol4 £.3 per Cent. Ann*, due 5th Jant 1794 —

"* - - - 1,495,000 ----- --New South Sea Ann* - - D* — . —

! - 449,000 — — £3 ptt Cent. Ann* 1751 - D* — —

- - - 3,575,100 — — Reduced Ann* Confol4, due 5th April 1794 —

- - - 1,946,150 — — Old Ann* - - D* — —

- - - 5,649,659 11 5 Confol4 £ 3 Ann*, due 5th 1794 —

- - - 1,535,000 ----- --New Sou Ann* - - D* — —

- - - 469,000 — — £ 3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 - D* — —

- - - 3,724,370 — 8 Reduced Ann* Confol4, due 10th OElr 1794 —

- - - 1,971,000 ----- --Old Sout Ann* - D° — —

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Ann* on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, and

unclaimed for 3 Years, before the 5th 1794 — — .

D* - being the Amount of Ann* on Lives expired between the 5th 1786

and the 5th JanJ 17941 *.

Anno

1745 *"" "* — £L512 5 —

1740 - 3,291 10 —

*757 - 3,657 8 9 ►

1778 — — — — 121 13 —

*779 - 478 _

D* - being the Anriount of Ann* for 99 and 96 Years, which expired

5th Feb'J 1792} viz*.

For 99 Years For 96 Years

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Ann7 1777 — —

— — ' — ~ £-48,5*5 2 47

For 96 Years - — — — 6,365 12 — y

Carried over — £

1,000,000 — — 200,000 — —

72,900 — — 22,425 ——

6,735 ——

53,626 10 — 29,192 5 —

84,744 *7 *°

23,025 ——

7,035 ——

55,835 11 " 29»565 — -

24,638 12

9,060 *6 9

54,880 14 4

25', O0O —

1,698,664 6 *

r*

35 Geo. III. 4° Februarii.

Capital Stock.

a>563>695 9 *

Brought over

- \J

- c

1,698,664 6 »I

ii

On Account of Loan 1793.

74,632 14 3 Confol4

Cent. Ann* - 63,540 2 1

47,070 4 11 Reduced Ann*

Confol4 — 31,589 8 11

2,685^398 8 4

95,129 11 —

D

cq'

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

n

On Account of Loan 1794.

55,843 — 3 Confol4 3 per

Cent. Ann* - £. 36,795 — —

63,703 11 5 Reduced Ann*

Confol4 — 41,611 6 3

2,804,945 — — The Interest on which is ,£.84,148. 7 s, per Annum.

78,406 6 3

1,872,200 4 2

Brought over

1,698,664

w

On Account of Loan 1793.

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation of One Year and One Half, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum towards the Redemption of £. 6,250,000 Confol4 £. 3 per Cent.Ann* — — — — 93,750 — —

due 1 on I

For 6 Months Int. on 69,340. 8. 7, Confol4 £-3ftr Cent. Ann*, due

5th July 1794, redeemed . Account of Loan 1793

D* - - - - 22,629. 19. 4. Reduced. Ann* Confol4, due ioth*l

OS' 1794* redeemed on Ac- > ' count 6f Loan 1793 — J

1,040 2 1

339 8 "

95,129 11 —

On Account of Loan 1794.

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for Half a Year, at the Rate of 1 per Cent, per Ann1" towards the Redemption of the said Loan j viz'.

On 11,000,000 — — Confol4 £. 3 per Cent. Ann* — ,£. 55,000 — > — On 2,750,000 — — £.4 per Cent. Ann* Confol4 — 13,750 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Anny

of nr. 5/. per Cent, on 11,000,000, for 66 J Years — 4,840 — —

From t^e Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per , towards the Redemption of £. 1,926,525. 12. 5. ,£. j per Cent. Ann* 1794, subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills — — . — 4,816 6

78,406 6 3

1,872,200 4 2

4* Februarii. A. 1795.

By Calli received at sundry Times, to be applied between the id February and the ift May 17954 viz*.

From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue ——

D* - - . - being the Amount of Ann* for 99 and 96 Years, which have ex-

pired; viz*.

For 99 Years — — — — 12,128 15 7]

For 96 Years - > *>59* 8 — j

For 6 Months Int. on 6,726,544 5 6 Confol4 3 per Cent. Ann', due 5th 1795

D* - - - - 1,595,000 — — New South Sea Ann* - - - D* , — —

D* - - - - 478,000 — — £.3 per Cent.Ann* 1751 - - D" — —

On Account of Loan 1793.

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Ann", towards the Redemption of £. 6,250,000

Confol4 £.3 per Cent. Ann* — — — — 15,625 — —

For 6 Months Int. on 94,632. 14. 3. Confol4 £. 3 per Cent. Ann', due

5th Janr* 1795 — — > — — — ' 1,4*9 9 9

On Account of Loan *794.

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of £. l per Cent, per Ann", towards the Redemption of the Loan 1794;

On 11,000,000 — — Confol4 £. 3 per Cent. Ann* — £. 27,500 ——

On 2,750,000 — — £.4 perCent. Ann* Confol4 — 6,875 — - —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Ann7

of 11 /. 5 d.per Cent, on 11,000,000, for 66 $ Years — 2,420 — —

On 1,926,525. 12. 5. £ 5 Cent.Ann* — — 4,816 6 3

For 6 Months Inr. on 55,843; 3. Confol4 £. 3 per Cent. Ann', due

5th Jaw* 1795 — — — — 837 12 10

Bank of England, 4th February 1795.

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

35 Geo. III. 4° Februariu

Account of N° of Men or Boy* employed in Vessels belonging to the Sx-cila, who enjoy Protections; and of Vesselt, kc, employed, presented.

Aceonrtta of

Sratch and JHair Powder> preiemtd.

Estimate*, kt. prefen ted.

Upper Canadc.

134

40 Februarii.

A.

*795

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the blishment of the Provihce of in

from the ill of ''January to the 31st of December 1795 And also, .

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Ella- Nova Scotia; blishment of the Prpvince of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift of January to the 3til of December 17951 And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Ella- New Bruns-

- ' " ~ wick.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Dixon, from, the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door, he was called in* and, at the liar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Men or Boys employed in any Vessel, Craft, Barge, or Boat, belong- blishment of the Province of New in Ante.

ing to the Excise, as well as the Number of Men who rica, from the 24th of June 1795 to the ^th of June

enjoy Protedlions from that Office*, also, an Account 1796: And also,

of the Number of Vessels of Tonnage, and the Nurn- LlliiViate of the Charge of defraying the Civil

ber of Boats and Row Galleys, employed by the Ex- Establishment of the Island of John, in America, cife, and the Hands employed therein. from the ill of January to the 31st of *795-

And then he withdrew. And also.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Ella- Cape Breton

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the blishment of the Island of Cape in,

St. John'* Island.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session*

The House being informed, that Mr. "Planner, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door, he Was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Starch, made from Wheat EloUr or other Materials, which has paid Duty

from the 24th of June 1795 to 24th of June 1796:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, from the ill of April 1795 to the'ill of April 1796: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges in Great Britain, from the ill of January 1794 to the attending the fame, from the id of January to the

Newfound-

land.

Bihama I Hands*

ill of January 1795: And also,

An Account oi the-Quantity of Hair Powder, made from Wheat Flour or other Materials, which has paid Duty, from the ill of January 1794 to the ill of January 1795.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House

31st of December 1795: And also,

A Paper, intituled, Bermudas, or Somers Islands, Bermuda, from the 24th June 1795 to the 24th June 1796:"

And also,

A Paper, intituled, ct Island of Dominica, from Dominica, " the- ill of January to the 3! ft December 1795 And

also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of

New South Wales.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the O 1794 to the 10th of 1795: And also, other Papers of this Session A „ 'T'~~- -c_ e-nS — ----- ----.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the' House, by His Majesty's Command, .;

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta-

A Paper, intituled, " Totals of the Estimates 1795. And the Titles of the said Estimates and Papers were read.

The said Estimates and Papers are as followeth, viz.

Total# of the Eftiuutet.

E S TI M E _of_the Charge of defraying the Civil.Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ill of January to the 31st December 1795.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

" Chief Justi ce ——

Attorney General ——

__Solicjtor General — — —

T wo Judges of the Common Pleas, ^.500 per each

Clerk of the Crown and Pleas — —

Two Sheriffs, at f. too per Annum each — —

Secretary and Register — — —

Clerk of the Council — — —

Surveyor of Lands (no Salary).

Receiver General of the Revenues — —

Five Executive Councillors, 100 per Annum each — Naval Officer — - _ —

Allowance towards building Churches — — . — .

Salary of the Bishop's Commilfary _

Arrears of D % from the Time of his Appointment.

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit —

Agent

Total

- L

2,000 — ---

1,100 ——

300 ——

IOO —

T,oooo ——

100 ——

200 — —

300 ——

loo — -

200 —

500 -

IOO — —

500 ——

I50 ——

75 ——

250 ——

coo — -

7.175 ——

ESTIMATE

35 Geo. III.

4° Februarii.

*55

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishnrtent of the Province of Scotia, in America from the tft of January to the 31st December 1795.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor — >« — — , — — *

Chief Justice . - —

Attorney General — _ — * — — —

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council ——

Naval Officer - * —

Surveyor General of Lands — — — — —

Treasurer ' — > — — t — — — .

Allowance to a Bishop ——

D* - - to Ministers - —

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England —

Mrs. Cottnam's Annuity - —

Allowance to the Superintendant of the Fishery _ - —

D®.- to the Reverend Mr. Bernet, as in the preceding Estimate — —

D® - - to the Reverend Mr. Breynten, D° — — — . —

Allowance to the Reverend Dr. Brown, Minister of the Presbyterian Congregation at Halifax, until otherwise provided for - —

Allowance to Mr. Fbomp/on, Prothonotary, to ceale when an Allowance shall be granted

to him by the House of Assembly ——

D° - on Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Audit ——

Total — There remains, in the Hands of the Agent, of former Grants Which, being deducted, Will leave the Charge to be provided for

1,006 — —

850 ——

150 ——

250 ——

100 ——

150 ——

50 ——

700 — —

965 ——

75 ——

100 — —

200 — —

ICO — —

150 ——

75 ——

too ——

200 ——

200 -

5.415 — —

1,000 — —

4>4*T ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishrtiertt of the Province of Mw

in America, from the 24th June 1795 to the 24th June 1796.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor — —

Chief Justice — — —

Three Assistant Judges, at 300 each Attorney General — — —

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer — — —

Surveyor General of Lands — — -.

Stipends and Allowances to Ministers ——

Salary of the Bishop's Commissary — —

Allowance, on Account, for Contingencies — -

£. s. d.

1,000 — — 500 — — 900 — - —

150 ——

250 ——

100 — i

150 ——

700 — —

*5° ——

500 ——

*5° " —

'Total

4,550 ——

BS T I MATE

136

4° Februarii.

A. 1795.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1795.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor — — — . — __

Chief Justice - __

Attorney General — — — — _

Secretary* Register, and Clerk of the Council ——

Naval Officer - —

Proved Mar foal — — — — . —

Minister — . — — — — ' —

Surveyor General - —

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, until otherwise provided for — Allowance to the late Clerk of the Council, — D* — D* —

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit — — —

Allowance for Contingencies — — . — — —

500

300

too

«5°

100

too 70 100 90 60 100 130 too

Total —

1,900 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of ,in America, from the 24th of June 1795 to l^e 24th 1796.

The Salary of the

Allowance, upon Agent —

Lieutenant Governor — —

Chief Justice — —

Attorney General — —

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Minister — —

Surveyor General — — —

Naval Officer — — —

Provost Marfoal — —

Account, for Contingencies —

500 — — 300 — — 100 — —

150 ——

100 — — 100 — — 100 — —

ICO — —

200 — — 150 ——

Total

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of , from the ift of April 1795 to the ift of April 1796.

Salary of the Governor — — —

Governor's Secretary — > —

Judge of the Admiralty — —

Naval Officer — . —

Allowance to the Missionary at St. John's — Allowance, on Account, for Fees on the Receipt and Audit Agent — — —

500 — — 182 10 —

200 ——

I GO — —

50 ——

too--- —

joo — -

Total

i,232 IO — f

ESTIMATE

35 Geo. III. 40 Februarii. 137

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the in America,

in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental

Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1795.

Additional Salary to the Governor — — ~ —

Salary of the Chief Justice — — — — _ __

Two Assistant Judges, at £.200 each — — — . —

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council — — —

Attorney General - — —

Provost Marshal ——

Naval Officer — — — . — — — _ —

Surveyor General of Lands - -

Minister - — —

Minister at Harbour Island and Eieutbera ——

Three Missionaries to the other Islands — — —

Allowance to Mrs. bVigg, for the Support of herself and-Seven Children, now in Distress,

in Consideration of the long Services and Sufferings of her late Husband, Edmund Rush IV'tgg, the late Attorney General - —

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government — —

Allowance for Contingencies . - —

800

500

400

150

150

150

150

150

70

70

210

100

700

300

150

Total —

4,050 ——

BERMUDAS, or Somers Islands, from the 24th June 1795 to the 24th June 1796.

Salary of the Chief Justice — Fees on Receipc — — — — 1 1 1 1 0 0 <2 8,°°

Total — 580

ISLAND of Dominica, from the ift of January to the 31st December 1795.

Salary of the Chief Justice of the Island — — —

600 — —

To cease when a Salary shall be provided by the L^giflature of the Island.

VOL. Li

Nn ESTIMATE

>38

4° Februarii

1795

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of South , from the

I Oth of October 1794 to the 10th of 1795.

Salary' of the Governor - —

Lieutenant Governor ——

Deputy Judge Advocate — — ~ — —

Provost Marshal ——

Secretary to the Governor ——

For Stationary - —

Four Mates, at £.91. 5 s.each — — . — —

Assistant - —

Surveyor of Lands ——

Boat Builder - —

Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk ljland ——

Additional Salary, to be reduced to 100 when Lieutenant Governor King shall be promoted in the Line of his Profedion — — —

Act (lane Chaplain ——

Deputy Commissary of Stores ——

D* at Norfolk ljland ——

Assistant Storekeeper - — -

Deputy Surveyor of Lands ——

Twelve Superintendants of Convicts, at £.50 per Annum each, as in the preceding Estimate - —

Allowance to Governor Phillip, in Consideration of his meritorious Services —

Upon Account, for Fees and Audit — — ~ —

I, COO -

250 ——

182 10 — 182 10 — 91 5 —

91 5 —

20 ——

182 10 —

J82 10 ---

365 ——

5° ——

182 10 —

91 5 —

250 ——

200 —

146 — —

9> 5 —

9> 5 —

5t> -

91 5 —

600 — — 500 — —

200 — —

>5° ——

Total

5,241 ——

TOTALS of the ESTIMATES, 1795.

Upper Canada Nova Scotia —

New Brunswick

I (land of Saint John Cape Breton Newfoundland —

Bahama Islands Bermudas Dominica —

New South Wales

f. s. d,

7>‘7S ——

4>4«5 ——

4.55° ——

1,900 — — 1,800 — — 1,232 10 —

4,050 ——

580 — — 600 — — 5,241 ——

31,543 10 —

Ordered,

35 Geo. III.

4° Februarii.

139

Committre on Bill for prohibiting the Export of Grain, ami permitting f he Importation of Grain and Pfoviiion3t

Account of N* of Person* employed on the Ktrer by the £. India Company, pr dented.

Brtgstock and Stanton, Inclo-rure. See. See* Petition,

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Export from Scotland of any Article of Grain, and for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom of all. Articles of Grain, and other Provisions, Duty-free, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that Mr. from,

the Directors of the East India Company, attended at

the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Ah Account of the Number of Persons employed on the River by the United East India Company.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Henry Duke of Buccleuch, James Earl of Cardigan, Edward Earl Beaulieu, and John Earl of Upper Offory, Baron Upper Of of Ampthill, and the humble Petition of Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Brigjlock and , in the County of Northampton, and of certain Pieces of Commonable Lands, called The Great and Little Green in in the fan\p County, and also Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements entitled to Common Rights in Geddir.gton Chafe, and in the Have, or Walk, of Farmtngwocds in the Forest of Rockingham, in the said County of Northampton, being offered to be presented

to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners and others, in the said Common and Open Fields, Mea* dows. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, bur, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein; and that the Petitioners, the said Duke of Buccleuch and Earl Beaulieu, are seised of„ or entitled to, all those Woods and Wood Grounds, called Geddington Chafe, in the said County of Northampton, upon which divers Persons have used and enjoyed Rights of Common, that such Rights of Common arc injurious to the Wood in the said Chafe, and (hat it will be expedient to set out and allot Lands belonging to the said Duke of Buccleuch and Lai] Beaulieu, in Lieu of such Rights of Common,

and extingtiifh the famej and that the Petitioner the said Earl of Upper Offory, by virtue of several Grants from the Crown, is seised in Fee of divers Coppices,

Woods, Underwoods, and Wood Lands, within the Bailiwick, Haye, or Walk of Farmingwoods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the said County of Northampton, and of the Timber and Underwood growing therein (except the Herbage for the King's Deer and Wild Beasts, and all Mines upon the Premises) and is also seised in Fee of the Office of Valet Forcfter of Farmingwoods aforesaid, and the Petitioner is entitled for Three Lives, under a Grant from His present Majesty, of the Office of Master Forester and Keeper of Farmingwoods aforesaid, of the Office of Receiver of Castleward Rents, and of Bailiff of Brig flock, and of the Herbage and Pannage of the New Land of Farmingwoods, and of the Hundred of Orlingbere, and Millefey, in the said County of; that

divers Persons have used and enjoyed Rights of Common upon the said Coppices, Woods, Underwoods,

Wood Lands, Haye, or Walk, of Farmingwoods aforesaid; that the said Coppices, Woods, Underwoods,

Wood Lands, in the said Haye, or Walk, are capable of Improvement, and for that Purpose it will be expedient to set out and allot Lands belonging to the said Petitioner John Earl of Upper Offory, in Lieu of such Rights of Common, and extinguish the fame, but, . as such Improvement cannot be effectually carried into Execution so long as the Deer of the Forest are at Liberty to go into thq said Coppices, Woods, Underwoods, and Wood Lands, so soon after the same are cut, as they have been accustomed to do, the Petitioner has made his humble Suit to His Majesty, that He wilL be graciously pleased to give Leave that a Bill may be brought into Parliament to enable His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner the said Earl o' Upper Offory,his Heirs, and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the said Coppices, Woods, Underwoods, and Wood Lands, and all the Lawns and Lodges within, or belonging to, the said Haye, or Walk of Farmingwoods, and all Mines and Quarries within the same, with the Herbage and Deer Browse, and Pannage therein, also the said Rents and

Hundred, with the Profits and Appurtenances thereco ' belonging, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, to which His Majesty has been pleased to signify His Consent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes hereinbefore mentioned, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dickinsdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the King's Mef-House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty ;vand he pre- Emperor, fented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr.

Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that He has received from the Emperor strong Assurances of a Disposition to make the greatest Exertions for the common Cause, in the Course of the next Campaign; but it is represented, on the Part of his Imperii] Majesty, that these Efforts cannot be made withouc the Assistance of a Loan, which his Imperial Majesty is desirous of railing, on the Credit of the Revenues of his Hereditary Dominions, under the Guaranty of His Majesty, with the 9 Concurrence

Motion for the Governor and Deputy Gover-norof the Bank to attend.

Neg.

Lords Amendments to Bill to continue Act for fecunng suspected Ber-fons,agreed to.

I40

4° Feiruarii.

A. 1795.

Concurrence of Parliament, to the Extent of Four Millions } and it is stated that such a Loan, in Addition to his other Resources, would enable his Imperial Majesty to employ, against the common Enemy, a Force of Two hundred Thousand effective Men.

His Majesty is of Opinion that, on these Grounds, such an Arrangement would be beneficial to the common Cause; but His Majesty thinks that it would be still more advantageous, if, by the Means of a similar Loan, to a larger Extent, the Emperor should be -enabled to employ a Force still more considerable j and His Majesty has directed His Minister at Vienna to express His Majesty's Readiness to recommend to His Parliament an Arrangement founded on that Principle.

Some temporary Advances, which His Majesty was induced to make, for the immediate Supply of the Austrian Army, under the Prefiure of unforeseen Circumstances, in the latter Part of the last Campaign, will be included in any Arrangement of this Nature.

As soon as the Negotiation is concluded, His Majesty will not fail to communicate the Result to Parliament } but, as any Measure of this Sort is necessarily connected with the Consideration of the Provision to be made for the current Service of the Year, His Majesty has thought it right not to delay making this Communication j and He relies on the Zeal and Public Spirit of His faithful Commons, for taking such Measures as, on a full Consideration of all the Circumstances, they may think most.conducive to the immediate Interests of this Country, at the present Conjuncture, and to the great Object of Re-establishing, on secure and honourable Grounds, the Peace and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms, and of Europe.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England do attend this House Tomorrow Morning}

It passed in the Negative,

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for a limited Time, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and " detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are " conspiring against HisPerson and Government."

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 6. After " the" leave out ,c laft"

and insert " First}" and in the same Line after " Day of" leave out to " and" in Line 7, and -insert next."

1. 14. Leave out laft" and insert " First;" and in the same Line after " Day of leave out to " any" in Line 15, and insert "July next."

1. 28. After " until the" leave out , "laft" and insert " First j" and in the same Line after " Day " of" leave out to and" in Line 29, and insert July next."

1. 30. After " said" leave out " laft" and insert " First}" and in the same Line after " Day of" leave out to " no" in Line 32, and insert " July next."

Pr. 3. 1. 2. After '* said" leave out " laft"

and insert First."

1. 3. Leave out from " oP' to " the"

in Line 4, and insert^ " July " next."

1. 1 j. After " until the" leave out " laft" and insert " First}" and in the same Line, after " Day of" leave out to " and" in Line 13, and insert " July next."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill t the Lords} and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Committee o* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole £5

House, upon the Bill for requiring the Owners and ert"?shipTto Matters of Ships belonging to Great Britain, to fur- fumiftMenfor nish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the NavX. the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Arden accordingly reported from the said repotted. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Bill for railing cond Reading of the Bill for raising a certain Number Men of Men, in the several Counties in Great Britain, for ted/ the Service of His Majesty's Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed, that Mr. from Account of

the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called Pt"^ctej'btl in} and, at- the Bar, presented to the House, pur- pre en e suant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they stood at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1795, with the Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth}

t To

c

h

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they flood at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1795; with the Annual Interest*

and other Charges, payable thereon.

D

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

O"

o

0

c8

rT

o

o

exchequer.

Annuities for long Terms, £. 14 per Cent, expired A0 179* —

2/7ths E<cife — — D° 1-92 — __

£. 3*700 per Week, Excise __

A0 J/O^ — — __ _________

Per id Act, Ao 1708 — ___ ~

2i Act, A° 170S — _ __ ~

Annuities for Two and Three Lives — _ _ ~

Single Lives, A0 1745 — _

1746 — — — _

*757 — — — _

1778 — — ~

1779 — — — — .

Annuities on Lives, with Benefit of Survivorship, A* 1766 — ___

A 1789 — _

CHIEF CASHIER of the BANK.

Annuities, £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated " — — .

Additional Capital, per Act 33a-C#V. til. —

per Act 340 Gii. tii. —

Amruities, £. 3 per Cent. Reduced — — —

East India additional Capital, added per Act 33® Gii. tii.

Annuities, £. 4 per Cent. C^nfolidated *,.." — .

Additional Capital, per Act 34° &* tiL —

Annuities, £. 5 per Cent. Confoidated " " _

Additional Capital, per Act 34° * *-

Long Annnities, '99 Year*, granted A0 I7^r~ — — _

98 __ ______ ' tnb % — — —

80 — —

78 — -

V - -

75 f — —

69 i - -

661 — —

Short Annuities, 10 Years — -

30 — —

29 — —

i8i - -

176a

j 780 — ——

1782 — —

,783 — — ,

,784 — —

1-90 —

1794 . — —

,777, expired ^1787

,778 — —

1779 " ~

1789 — —

Principal Debt,

107,399,696 5 in

6.250.000 J-

I 1,000,000 — — J

37*340>°?3 >6 4 }

4.200.000 — — 3

32,750,000 — — I

2.750.000 — — J

*7.869,993 9 10,) 1.926,525 7 5 j

Stock purchased by Comm niloneri.

£ -

Principal Debt, exclusive of Stock pure baled by Comnuliiners.

d.

6,877,000 — 3,959,800 —

j 17,771,696 5 >1

37»S®°>*^3 16 4 35,500,000 — —

19,796,518 17 3

Interest of Debt, exclu-Cve of wh t has been purchased by Commissioners.

j.

30,400 — — -23,154 11 6

7,776 10 —

4,710 IO ---

10,181 ——

8,195 12 " 10 ^515 — 18.125 — — 19.8^5 17 6

2,648 — — 4,658 18 7

540 -

18,233 9 lOf

Charges of Manage-

menu

e. d.

1,430 6 8

1,470 ——

375 *2 2 208 2 7

416 5 3

880 ——

!»533*8° *7 9 48,568 l6 3 3,581,749 *4 —

[,127,408 4 3 17,084 4 10 1,144,492 9 1

1,420,000 — — *4.737 10 *.434.737 10 —

n 00 A 00 Ot >9 X — X I 8,908 8 7f 998,734 7 8

128,250 wmmm *.442 16 3 129,692 16 S

I 20,000 — — 1,350 — 4 — 12*35° — »

2I7.5OO — — 2,^46 *7 6 219,946 *7 6

Il8,l25 80,000 — mmmm 1,328 900 18 119>45 3 80,90a f 8 J§

16,500 — — 185 12 6 16,685 12 6

24.365 — — *74 2 2 24,639 7 2

62,791 *3 4 62,791 *3 4

147.150 7 — *.655 8 10 148,805 15 10

257,181 1 1 2,893 5 260,074 7 *f

14,001 12 6 *57 10 4 *4*159 2 10

Tout of Annaal Interest and Management, exclusive of Stock purchased by Commilii-rners.

d.

6

11

2

12

S

12

«s

31,830

24,724 8,152 4.918 10,597 8,195 10,565

18,125 — — I9,«95 *7 6 2,648 — — 4,658 18 7

'54° ——

19,113 9 loi

Interest of Debt purchased by Commissioners, Annuities fallen in, and £. i fur Cent. on Capital borr wed.

£ 48.515 2 6,365

j.

6

12 —

.670 JO 3»572 io 3*95 2

121

13 —

478 —

Io6»3lo

"8.794

*S«oooo — _

35 Geo. III. 40 Februarii

BANK of ENGLAND,

PurchaM of the South Sea Company — — —

For cancelling Exchequer Bills ——

Annuities, £. 3 pet Cent. A* 1714 ——

>7*9 " — — —

>743 " " " .

1746 ——

£ 1. per Cent, on £. 6,250,000 £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities

created by Act 33° Gii. tii. — D# — £.11,000,000 D# — — 34° Gii. tii. —

D° — £. 2,750,000 £. 4 per Cent. — D° —

P° — £. 1,926,525 £.$ perCent. — D° —

!) — on the future actual Value of the Annuity of in $d.

per Cent, on the Sum of £.11,000,000, granted for 66 Years and Three Months, by the Act 340 Gii. tii. at the End of 45 Years, reckoning the same at £. 3 per Cent. per Annum — — —

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

On their present Capital — — —

CHIEF CASHIER of the SOUTH SEA COMPANY. Annuities, £.3 perCent A0 1751 — —

4,oooo>oooo — — 500,000 — — 1.250.000 — — 1.750.000 — — 3.200.000 — — 986,800 — — — - 4,000,000 — — 500,000 — — 1,250,000 — — 1*750,000 — 3,200,000 — — 986,800 — 120,000 — — 15,000 — — 37f50J 52,500 — 96,000 — - — 29,604 — — 1,898 3 5 4,000 — — 121,898 3 5 15,000 — — 37.500 52.500 — — . 100,000 — — 29,604 — — 4

- - 111! Mil — — Mil MM — — 1111 1111 62,500 — — 110,000 — — 27,500 — — 19*265 — —

- 1 - ~ - - — — 9,680 — —

24,065,08413 uf 3»S97> ® " — ao»4^7,4®4 >3 lli 614,024 10 9 14,022 3 2 628,0461311 107,928 — —

1,919,600 — — 478,000 — — 1,441,600 — — 43,248 1,079 >5 6 44.3*7 *s 6 14,340

*S9»,57»773 i* 7i 14,912400 244,245,37} 12 7J 9,423,341 15 61 127,713 19 1 of 9-55'.°5S >5 4 765,992 15 —

I.

Exchequer, the 4th Day of February lyjj#

James Fisher.

Memorandum:

No Management has been yet allowed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury upon £.11,000,000 £#3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities* nor upon £« 2,750,000 £.4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities* funded by Act 34° Gij. Tertii.

D

(a

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

0

i.

1

"-4-

>C

cn

35 Geo. III. 40 Februarii.

J43

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Em Brink and The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

king s Lynn Reading of the Bill for improving the Drainage of ryadTseconli Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level

Time. of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands

.adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the Ri^er ini the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in thfc said County and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ottzi, from, or near, a Place called Eaii Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze,

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill werfc Called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the Town and Port of Lynn,

and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, against the said Bill, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having stated to the House, That the said Bill was exactly similar to the Bill which was depending before the House, for the like Purposes, in the last Session of Parliament, and that the said Petitioners presented several Petitions to the House against the said Bill in the same Session, and were heard by their Counsel, and examined many Witnesses, in Support of the said Petitions, and that many Days were employed, during that Session, in the Hearing of Counsel and in the Examination of Witnesses, both in Behalf of the Petitioners and in Support of the Bill; and the said Counsel having requested of the House,' that the Petitioners might be at Liberty to have the Benefit of the Allegations contained in such former Petitions, and of the Minutes of the Evidence taken, in Support thereof, against the Bill now depending before the House;

And the Counsel for the Bill having made n'o Objection thereto;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were dircfled to withdraw.

Resolved, That the said Petitioners may be at Liberty to have the Benefit of the several Petitions presented by them, any or either of them, in the last Session of Parliament, and of the Minutes of the Evidence taken in Support thereof, against the Bill now depending.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were again called in; and Mr< Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Bill having stated to the House, That forne Evidence was also given in the last Session of Parliament in Support of the said Bill then depending; and having requested that he might now have the Benefit thereof, in Support of the present Bill;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were again directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Counsel for the Bill may be at Liberty to have the Benefit of the Minutes of the Evidence referred to by him, in Support of the present Bill;

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Bill stated. That the House did, on the 28th Day of May last, determine to pro-

ceed no further, in that Session of Parliament, in the Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill then depending before the House, at which Time the Counsel for the.

Bill had examined but very few Witnesses, and had then many more Witnesses to examine, and much more Evidence to produce, in Support of the said Bill, and requested that they might be at Liberty to examine such other Witnesses, and ro produce such other Evidence, as might be choughc necessary in Support of the Bill now depending.

The Counsel for and against the Bill were again directed ro withdraw.

The House was moved. That the several Entries in the Journal of the House of the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House on the said Bill, then depending before the House, might be trad.

And the same were read accordingly.

And it appearing, that the Time of the House was tngaged in the Hearing of Counsel and the Examination of Witnesses for and against the said Bill, on the 3d, 4th, 5th, 12th, 13th, i8ch, 19th, acth, 2.1ft, and 27th Days of March; the 2d and 3d Days of ;' and the 2d, 6th, 7th, 12th, and 13th Days of May iaft;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take Committee ap-the Residue of the Evidence which may be thought {^"E^ien'ce* proper to be adduced in Support of the Bill now de- in Support of pending; and that they do report the fame, from Kati Brink and

D rr- i_ tt r King Lynn

Time to Time, to the House: Drainage Bill.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Charles Torke, Sir Charles Morgan, Sir Martin Broivne Folkes, Mr. Pole Carew, Mr. Buxton, Mr.

Randyll Burch, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Francis Annesley, Mr. Fell owes. Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr.'

Jcdrell, Sir John Wodehouse, General Adeanci And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,' at Nine of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.'

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel for the Bill, and for the Petitioners against the Bill, to attend them on the taking of the Minutes of such Evidence. v Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence, which was taken in the last Session of Parliament, for and against the Bill then depending,- be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill now depending in the House, be adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant bruary.

The other Orders of the Day being read;.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole d"6*'*'1* House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for w raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock*

Jovis,

Abcrdeeh Roads, &c % Tetiti jn.

M'.i flul Con-v i ' i t'cition.

144 50 Februar A. 1705.

yovis, 50 die Februarii;

Anno 35* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1795. Prayers.

A PETITION of Alexander Alexander Irvine, Andrew Robertson'James.

Dttrno, George Still, Robert Turner, William ander Brebner, John Gordon, Alexander Carnegie for himself and Robert Udny, Patrick Farqubarjcn for Archibald Farqubarfon and William Fand Alexander Moir, Esquires, all Commissioners of Supply, and Landholders, within the County of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from the Bridge of Dee, near,

through the Burgh of Aberdeen, to the Confines of the County of Aberdeen, towards Banff, the Road from Aberdeen to the Confines of the* said County, towards Keith, by Kintore, Inverury, and Huntly, the Road from Aberdeen to Peterhead, and from Aberdeen to burgh, the Road from Aberdeen to the Kirk-tovdn of Alford by Kingswells, Kirk-town, and Loch of Skene, Kirk-towns of Echt and Midm,through Part of the Pari Hi of Kincardine O'Neil, to Kirk-town of

Kinairny, Linton, the Farm called Ley of and Moss of Craignicdd, and that Part of the Road from Aberdeen to Kincardine O'Neil, by the North Side of the River Dee, passing through the Parishes of Saint Nicholas or Aberdeen, Old Machar, Banchory De-vcnick, Peter Culler, and Drumoak, and also, the other Roads lying within the said County, are very much cut of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and in some Places dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Powers and Authorities granted by Law respecting Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, and the Services thereby allowed to be exacted in Scotland on that Account, are not sufficient for making, repairing, improving, and maintaining the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in the said County, and it would be a great Advantage to the County, if Powers were given to erect Gates or Turnpikes, and to levy reasonable Tolls and Duties on all and each of the Roads particularly above described, and also to convert the said Services into Money, and to impose, in certain Cafes, an additional AflWTment on the Heritors or Proprietors of Lands in the said County, for making, repairing, improving, and maintaining the said Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, and it would also be a great Accommodation to all Persons residing near the Roads above described, or having Occasion to Travel along the fame, if they were properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Way§ and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof $ and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fergufon, Mr. fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Seymour Conway was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner did obtain His Majesty's Royal Letters Patent, bearing Date tire ill Day of January 1782, for that

Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the d own of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Term of Fourteen Years from the Date thereof, for the foleUfe, Exercise, Benefit, and Advantage of his Invention of a Kiln and Oven for the Purpose of saving great Part of the Expence employed in burning Lime, as also in the several Branches of the Distilling and Brewing Business, and for other beneficial Purposes, where the Use of Fire is concerned, and the Petitioner, in pursuance of a Proviso in that Behalf contained in the said Letters Patent, did cause a particular Description of the said Invention to be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, upon the 23d Day of April 1782; and that the Petitioner afterwards obtained His Majesty's Letters Patent, bearing Date the 10th Day of November 1785, extending His Royal Licence for using the said Invention to that' Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Term of Fourteen Years from the Date of the said last mentioned Letters Patent, and, in pursuance of a Proviso for that Purpose also contained in the same Letters Patent, did cause a like particular Description of the same Invention to be inrolled in the Chancery in Scotland on the 23d Day of January 1786; and that the said Invention, in the Opinion of competent Judges who have inspected the fame, and examined the Petitioners Method of conducting the Process thereof, for the Purposes above-mentioned, and also of other Persons who have actually used the fame, will be attended with very beneficial Consequences to the Public, as thereby the Expence of the whole, or the greatest Part, of the Fuel used ift those Procelfes to which the same Invention is applicable, will be effectually saved, and, in some Cafes a Profit will be absolutely obtained upon the Fuel so employed; and that the Petitioner devoted a very considerable Portion of Time, and expended very large Sums of Money, to the Detriment of his private Fortune, in bringing his said Invention to Perfection, but, notwithstanding the Advantages resulting to the Public from the Use of the said In- vention, and although Thirteen Years of the Term contained in the said first-mentioned Letters Patent, and Nine Years of the Second are elapsed, the Petitioner has not been able hitherto to reimburse himself the great Expence which he has incurred; and that, upon the Expiration of the said Letters Patent, which will happen, the first within One Year, and the latter within Five Years, from the present Time, the Public at large will (unless restricted) be entitled to use and exercise the Invention thereby secured, which will be a very great Prejudice to the Petitioner, and deprive him of the Means of reimbursing himself the Expences which he has sustained in bringing his said Invention to Perfection, Jlnd, as several Years may yet be required before the Use of the said Invention can become so general as to produce any considerable Profit, the Expiration of the said Letters Patent will entirely prevent the Petitioner from being reimbursed his said Expences; and that the Petitioner, under these Circumstances, is induced to apply to the Le-giflature to have the Terms granted by the said Letters Patent prolonged, and his Property in the said Invention secured, for such Time as may enable him to be reimbursed his said Expences, and to obtain a Recompence adequate to his Labour, Time, and Expence employed about the said Invention: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Limitations as the House shall think piroper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Mr.

Alderman Hatley, &cc. 1 And they are to meet To- morrow

35 Geo. III.

5° Februarii.

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber) and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

WtHon upo» A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of fa.*P«SJon^* Par>lh of Walton Thames, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read, Setting forth, That the Poor within the said Parish are very numerous, and supported at a great and burthensome Expence by the Inhabitants thereof , and that the Petitioners apprehend, if sufficient Powers were obtained for the future Government, Regulation, and Employment of the Poor, and for the better Management of the Charities left to the said Parish, and of the several Rates and Assessments raised within the Parish, much Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and the fame, as far as they concern the Poor, would tend to their more immediate and effectual Relief and Comfort: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, under such Regulations and Refiri&ions, and with such Powers and Authorities, as to the House shall fecm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Curwen, Lord William Rujfell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

'King*Bench A Petition of the Debtors in the King's Bench

Debtor* Vet»- prison, for themselves, and on Behalf of other Prisoners for Debt, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Kemton A Motion being made, That the Report, which* Conrfe"spit uPotl *8th Day of January lasty was made from the of TheGnnl Committee to whom the Bill for authorizing the Co ruin ["^farther* Pany of Proprietors of The Grand Junttion Canal to nefidcred. vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, in the County of Hertford, so as to render the Navigation thereof more safe and convenient, and for making some other Amendments and Alterations in, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal* was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee* were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last,. pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration,

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Giooetfter Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of , in the room of John

Webb, Esquire, deceased.

Vol. L.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Norwood and Grand Junction Canal Was presented to the House, and Paddington read , Setting forth. That an Act was made, in the an* et,tl Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the famt, and that, by Levels and Surveys which have been made and taken, it appears practicable to make a Navigable Cut from the said Grand Junction Canal, in the Pfecindt of Norwood, in the County of Middlesex, to Padin the said

County; and that the making and maintaining such Navigable Cut would be of much Advantage to the,

Metropolis, and, in other respects of great Public Utility, and thfc Petitioners are willing, at their owrt Expence, to make and maintain such Navigable Cut as aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex* , amine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, Mr. Mainwaring,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber , and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Hu't street thereunder written, was presented to the House, and *t,t,oai read; Setting forth. That the Town of Kingston upon Hull is a very large and populous Sea Port, and much resorted to by Strangers j and that the several Avenues to the South Side of the Dock or Bason, and Legal Quay, are circuitous and inconvenient to many of the Merchants and other Persons having Occasion to resort thereto, and many of the Houses and Buildings in Mughouse Entry arid White Dog Entry, in the said Town, and in certain Places contiguous thereto, arc in a ruinous State and Condition, and that taking down the said Entries* and Places contiguous thereto* and laying out and making a new Street from White-friar Gate, opposite, or nearly opposite, to the large Building lately erected by the Guild or Brotherhood of Matters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity House, in the said Town, and intended for an Inn, to the South End of Quay Street, would not only be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, but to the Public in general j and that the Petitioners, to* gether with several other Persons, are willing and desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to lay out and make such new Street, and to erect Houses and Buildings on each Side thereof, but several Houses*

Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, necessary to be purchased before such Street can be made, and Houses and Buildings erected, belong to Public Charities, or are in ftritt Settlement, or otherwise so circumstanced* that no lawful Consent can be obtained for taking down the fame, nor can the same be purchased, by the Petitioners, without the Aid of Parliament: And . therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying out and building a new Street from Whitefriar Gate to the South End of Quay Street, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, Mr. Samuel Thornton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning* at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re* cords.

P p A Petition

5 ° Februarii. 1795*

Watford and Sr. Alban's Canal Petition.

Christ's Hofpj-tal Petition.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Grand Junction Canal,was presented to the House, and readj Setting forthj That an Act was made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Cana), and also (amongst others) a certain Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Watford,in the County of Hertford; and thar, by Levels and Surveys which have been made and taken, it appears practicable to make and extend a Navigable Cut from the said Town of Watford to the Town of Saint Albant in the same County, and the making and maintaining such Navigable Cut would afford the Inhabitants of the Towns and Places lying upon, or hear, the Line of such Cut, a much more regular and better Supply of Coals, Merchandize, Corn, and Manure, and various other Articles, and at a much less Expence than at present, and would, in other Respects, be of Public Utility, and the Petitioners are willing, at their own Expence, to make and maintain such Navigable Cut as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House , shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Plunier,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of LondonGovernors of the Pof-sessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England,the Sixth, of , Bride-welly and Saint ‘Thomasthe and of Richard

Clark, Esquire, one of the Aldermen of the said City, President, William Gill, Esquire, another Alderman of the said City, Treasurer, and other the Governors of Christ's Hospital aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Governors of the same Hospital, was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth, That the Funds and Revenues of Christ's Hospital being of late Years increased, the Petitioners are deftrous of extending the Benefits of that Charity to a greater Number of Ob-jests,'and for that Purpose, upon mature Deliberation, have at their General Court resolved, with due Attention to the regular Conduct and gradual Improvement of the Institution, to take down and re-build some Parts of the present Hospitals in London and at Hertford, and to erect additional Buildings thereto, so as to extend and enlarge the same; but, in order to execute that Plan, it will be necessary to purchase and take in certain Lands and Buildings adjoining, or contiguous to, those Hospitals; and that it is also desirable that certain Foot-paths or Ways, permitted by the Petitioners to be, at Times, used by the Public through the Courts, Yards, and Places, belonging to Christ's Hospital in London, should be shut up, and that some of the Lanes and Avenues leading to the said Hospital should be widened and improved} but, in order to effect the proposed Improvements, it will be necessary to appropriate a Parcel of Ground adjoining to the Hospital in London, and held by the Petitioners, for a very long Term of Years, under the Corporation of the said City, subject to a Right or Custom of Interment of the Pariftiionars of the Parish of Christ Church and the Prisoners of Newgate, and the Petitioners have obtained the Consent of the said Corporation, and the Churchwardens of the said- Parish, to waive such Right or Custom, and, instead thereof to transfer the Privilege of Interment to another Piece of

Ground, held under the Corporation for a like Extent of Term, and equally convenient for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the proposed Improvements will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be for the Health and Benefit of the Poor Children harboured in the said Hospitals, and for the Advantage of the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and improving the said Hospi* tals 6f Christ, and effecting the other Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Plumer, See.: And they are to meet To-morrow-Mom-ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-,'unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within the Manor and Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Manor and Hamlet, a certain Common or Waste Land called Penge Co, which, in its present State, is of little Value to the Persons entitled to the Use thereof, but, if the same was divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the several Persons entitled thereto, or interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wigley and Mr. Praed do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lloyd Lord Kenyon, pad the humble Petition of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Township of Penley, in the Parish of EUefmere, in the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, divers Commons, or Waste Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Commons or Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wigley and Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Millbrooke, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, and specific Shares thereof let out and allotted to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the said Lands and Grounds might be inclosed and immediately improved: And therefore praying, That Leave

may

Penpe Inclo* Cure Petition#

Penley Tncto* sure Petition.

Millbrooke

Inclosure

Petition.

Crawley Inclo-iure Petition.

Bedford and Kimbolton Road Petition.

St. Mary le Bone Paving, &c. Petition.

55 Geo. III. 50 Fehrua 147

may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Groftnds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. John and Mr. OJborn do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Petition of Francis Duke of , and the

humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Crawley,otherwise Hujborn in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Moors. Common and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the Petitioners; and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the said Lands and Grounds might be inclosed, and considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. John and Mr, OJborn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford, and the humble Petition of the several other , Persons, whofij Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates and Inhabitants respectively, within the Counties of Bedford or Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, in or through the several Parishes of Saint Peter- in the said Town of Bedford, Ravenf-

den, Wtlden, Colmworth, BolnbKeyfoe, and Perten-

ball, all in the County of Bedford, to the End of a certain Lane in the Parish of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, called The Park Lane, where the same adjoins to the Turnpike Road leading from Kimbolton aforesaid, to Eaton Socon, in the said County of Bedford, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious in many Places, and cannot be effectually altered, repaired, widened, and rendered safe and commodious to Passengers, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the Public in general, if the said Road was properly altered, repaired, and widened, and if necessary and convenient Bridges were erected upon the said Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring ia a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the said Road, and for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. John, Mr. OJborn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

A Petition of the Honourable and Right Reverend Shute the Lord Bishop of Durham, the Right honourable Martin Bladen'L.oxd Hawke, the Right honourable Charles Lord Sommers, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, in Behalf of themselve# and others, Vestry-men, Commissioners, and Trustees of the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the county of ; was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; Thac several Acts have been made, in the Eighth; Tenth',' Twelfth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Years of the Reigri of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Parish, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor therein; for regulating Weights and Measures, for purchasing Ground for Cemeteries, for building Parish Church; and divers other Purposes; and that the Petitioners have proceeded to execute the Powers vested in them by the said Acts, and trust it will fully appear, that, as far as they were enabled by the said Acts, they have executed the same to the great Benefit of the Parish and the Public at large; and that, from the Extent and great Population of the said Parish, several Amendments and Alterations have been found wanting in the Provisions of the said Acts, and farther Powers are fti.ll required, and, if the said several Acts were consolidated, and reduced into one Act, the different Powers and Clauses therein might be so arranged as greatly to facilitate the Execution thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. the Marquis of

Litchfield, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Staf-. ford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by proper Surveys and Levels lately made and taken, it appears that aCut or Canal may be made from the Navigation from the Trenttothe ator near

Trent,in the said County of Stafford,to the Town of New-

cafile under Lyme, in the said County, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, which will facilitate the Carriage and Conveyance of Lime, Limestone, Iron, and other Mines, Minerals, Goods, and Merchandize, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the adjacent Lands, the Ease and Convenience of the Manufactories, and the Preservation of the Public Highways, and moreover be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in z Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Gower Sutherland, Mr. Sheridan, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Proprie- . tors of Commonable Messuages, Open Common Fields and Waste Lands, Commons, Fen Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the ' County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and

lead;

1

Stoke upon Trent and Newcastle under Lym* Canal Petition.

Warboy* Inclosure andl Drainage Petition.

Welland Bank

and Spalding High Bridge Road, &c« Petition.

5° Februarii. A. 1795.

read; Settingforth, Thatthereare,within the said Manor and Parish, several Open Common Fields and Waste Lands, Commons, Fen Lands, and Grounds, containing together about 4,000 Acres, and Richards,

and John Kirtoti, Esquires, are Lords of the said Manor; and that it would tend materially to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all others interested in the said Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, E'en Lands, and Grounds, as well as be of Benefit to the Public, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Parties interested, in Proportion to their several Rights therein, and if the same were effectually drained; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, allotting, draining, and inclosing, the said Open Common Fields and Waste Lands, Commons, Fen Lands, and Grounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hincbingbrook and the Earl Ludlow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

missioners or T ruftees, under the said Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, should be enabled to take certain Tolls or Duties in' order to enable them to put the said Bank and Ro'ad into a thorough State of Repair, and also to compound with the several Creditors under the said Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the several Sums of Money respectivelyduetothem: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Junior, Sir John ^Choroid, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands in South Holland, in the County of , was prefenred

.to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for draining of" the Fen called Deeping " and other Fens therein mentioned," whereby the Trustees thereby appointed were empowered and required, amongst other Works, to make and maintain the Bank on the East Side of the River from

? Place in Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, called

Brotherhouse, to Spalding High Bridge, in the said County; and that an Act was palfed, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the Great " Bank of the River Welland, from Spalding High " Bridge, through Cowbit, Peakill, Crowland, and ft Peakirk, and for making, and keeping in Repair, " a Road thereon, and from thence to the Village of Glenton, in the Counties of Lincoln and " ton," which Act expired at the End of the last Session of Parliament, at which Time a large Sum of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, together with a great Arrear of interest, remained due and unpaid; and that an Act was palfed, in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining, preserving, and improving certain Lands, lying in the " several ^arilhes of Spalding (including the Hamlets " of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whaplode, " Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint , and Sut- ton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South " Holland, in the County of and that, in

order to enable the Commissioners or Trustees, appointed by the last-meotioned Act, effectually to secure the Lands comprized within the Drainage therein provided for, it is expedient that so much of the said Bank as extends from Spalding High Bridge to Brother-house should be taken from the Care and Management of the present Trustees thereof, and vested in the Trustees under the Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on certain Terms and Conditions, which have been already agreed to; and that it will be a great Convenience, and Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and to the Public, if a Road is made, and kept in Repair upon the said Bank, from Spalding High Bridge, through the Parish of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) to a certain Place called Brotherhouse, in the Parish oiCrowland, in the said County of Lincoln, being Part of the Road heretofore directed to be made and repaired by the said expired Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and it will be requisite, that the Com-

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition to thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an re»‘«aryj Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His *ndP*w(«of present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Welland Bink " Preservation of the Great Bank of the River R#ad

" land, from Spalding High Bridge, through Cowbit,

" Peakill, Crowland, and Peakirk, and for making,

and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from " thence to the Village of Glenton, in the Counties of " Lincoln and Northampton," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That aProgress hath been made in putting the said Act in Execution, in doing which the Tolls thereby granted, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied; and that the said Act expired at the End of the last Session of Parliament, and the said Bank cannot be preserved, and the said Road completely amended and kept in Repair, nor can the Monies so borrowed, and Hill remaining due, together with a large interest, be paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be revived and enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reviving and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConGderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Junior, Sir John \ Thorold, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition to thereunto subscribed, being Creditors under an Act of revive and Parliament, palfed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, «« An Act for the of D» Act.

better Preservation of the Great Bank of the River ft Welland, from Spalding High Bridge, through Cowbit,

" Peakill, Crowland, and Peakirk, and for making and " keeping in Repair, a Road thereon, and from thence " to the Village of Glenton, in the Counties of Lincoln " and Northampton," was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others advanced divers Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to ,£.8,925, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, for which respective Sums they have Mortgages of the said Tolls, duly made by the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution; and that the Trustees for executing the said Act, having neglected or omitted to apply to Parliament for a Continuance of the Term thereby granted, the 1 said

35 Geo. III.

Februarii.

*49

laid Art expired at the End of the last Session of Parliament, whertby the Securities granted as aforesaid to the Petitioners and the other Mortgagees became void, and they mull lose the whole of the Money they so lent on the Faith and Credit of the said Act, together with a large Arrear of Interest due thereon, unless the Aid and Inrerposition of Parliament is extended to them 5 and that the Petitioners conceive the Preservation of the said Bank is essential to the Interest of the Proprietors of Land in the Difltift of South Holland, and that the making and keeping in

Repair the said Road would be of great Benefit and Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a bill for reviving and continuing the Term and Powers of the said Art, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Houchtoi;,

and Walton, irdoluie Petition.

lrclolurc

Petition.

the

A Petition of Sir William , Baronet, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being ail of them. Owners of Estates in the Lordship or Liberties of and

Walton, in the County of Linc, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Lordship or Liberties, certain Open Fields, Heath, Palhires, Commons, Waite, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, which may be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed, and allotted, in Severalty, to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights therein; and that it would be advantageous also to all Persons interested, if the Division and Inclosure of other Lands and Grounds, formerly made within -the Lordship or Liberties aforesaid, were confirmed and established t And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Junior, Sir John Thor old, and Mr. Vyner,

Senior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates in the Parish of Harlaxton,in the County of Lincoln, was

presented to the House, and read. Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and intermixed Pastures, and other Lands, which might be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed, and allotted, in Severalty, to the several Persons interested, according to their respective Rights therein; and that it would be advantageous also to all Persons interested, if all the Lands, Grounds, and other Hereditaments, in the aforesaid Parish, were exonerated from the Payment of Tythes, and a Compensation given in Lieu thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition i And that Mr. Vyner, Junior, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. , Senior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Loriifontliorpe

Inclosure

Petition.

A Petition of Sir William Baronet, and of

the several othee Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being all of them Owners of Estates in the

ting forth, that there air, within the said Parish of Lordship, certain Open F'ields, a Pasture, Waste, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, which might be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed; and allotted, in Severalty, to the fevetal Persons interested, according to their respective Rights therein i And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr Vyner, Junior, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. Vyner, -Senior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are East Chilio* thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Linds and Com- p^j^* mon of Pasture in and over the Common Fields,

Meadow, and Lands after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are certain Common' Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in and belonging to East Cin the Parish of Letcomb Regis, in the County of , and a certain Common Meadow called White Mead, in East Chailow aforesaid, and elsewhere, in the said Parish of Letcomb Regis, and in the Parish of Letcomb BaJJett, in the said County, which, from the dispersed and intermixed Situation of the Lands belonging to the different Proprietors, and other Circumstances, are, in their prefenc State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; bur, if the same were divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted and awarded to the Proprietors, and the said Common Meadow inclosed, it would be greatly to their Advantage: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mrk Charles Dundas and Mr. Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Fullartcn, Esquire, on Behalf Riccartbn, of himself, and several others, Noblemen, Gentlemen, Yr#*ne*Har' Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the ^County of Ayr, bo^PeutWni was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, by Surveys lately taken, it appears practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near a Place called Riccar-ton Bridge, in the Parish of Riccartoh, in the County of Ayr, by the Way of Capringlon, Fair lie, and

Hillhouse, to a certain Place called The Troone, in the Parish of Dundonald, in the said County, and also to make a Harbour for the Safety of Ships, and other Vessels, at the said Place called The; and that such Canal and Harbour will afford the Means of exporting large Quantities of Coals, and other Minerals, with which the Country abounds, for the Supply of Dublin and other Places, and will also afford the Means of carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of various Kinds, to and from the said Places, whereby the Trade and Commerce of many considerable Towns will be greatly promoted and facilitated, and the Agriculture of a very populous Country much increased, and the same will be of great Public Utility: Ana therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Canal and Harbour, with convenient Wharfs; and Towing Paths, Reservoirs, and other Works thereto- respectively, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meeti *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thd Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

Parish or Lordship of Londcnthorpe, in the County of amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Set- shall appear to them, to the House: ,

Vol. L. Qjj And

Counter'* Bridge and Isleworth Roads Bill presented.

Islington Weight* and Measures Petition.

Great Parn-don Inclosure Petition.

150 5° Februarii. A. 1795.

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Lord

Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber } and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa-/ pers, and Records.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge, which lies in the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford in the said

County, in the Road to Colnand for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of , to the Town

of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a

Gate on the South Side of Teddington and also

the Highway leading out of the said Great Road, near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants within the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend it would be a great Advantage and Convenience to all Persons residing in the said Parish, if proper Powers were granted for examining and regulating the Weights and Measures there used in the Sale of Provisions, and of all Goods, Wares, and Commodities, the Laws now in Force being insufficient for the Deteflion and Punishment of Persons using illegal Weights and Measures in the said Parish; and that the Petitioners are informed, that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for effectually amending, repairing, and regulating the Road leading from the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Middlesex, through a certain Lane called Maiden Lane, in the said Parish, to Battle Bridge, in the same County, and the several other Highways, and the Footpaths within the said Parish, (not included in any Turnpike Acts): And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for granting proper Powers for examining and regulating the Weights and Measures used in the Sale of Provisions, and of all Goods, Wares, and Commodities, in the said Parish, or, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex,is referred; and that they do examine

the Matter of this Petition, and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Great Parndon, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Common Arabic Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others; and that the said Lands -are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but the fame, if divided and inclosed, might be considerably improved: And there-

fore praying, That Leave may be given to briilg in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Bramflon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood of His Majesty's Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Roads leading through the said Forest, that is to say, the Road leading from Mitcheldean to a Place called Colford's Lane End, on the Mitcheldean Road, and from a Place called Sai Whiles, near Littledean, to Colford's Lane End, on the Littledean Road, and from a Place called The Bottom of the Viney Hill, within the said Forest, to a Place called Coalway Lane End, near to the Town of Colford, and from a Place called Perry Grove to Clewerwall, and from a Place called The Top of the Bearfe to the Bearfe Farm House, and from a Place called The Road's Lane End, leading from the Village of Breem, to the said Bearfe Farm House, and from a Place called Breem's Croft Farm to or near the Village of Breem, and from a Place called Littledean s Lane End, to a Place called Gunfmills, and from a certain Place called The Camp to a Place called The Plough, and from a certain Place called The Foot of Miryflock Hill to a Place called Lidbrook, are in a very ruinous Condition, and incommodious for Passengers, but the said Roads being Part of the Soil and Waste Lands belonging to the said Forest, and the Property of His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, the same cannot be amended and repaired by the Laws how in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Berkeley, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the Tything and in the Dutchy of in the Parish of Awre, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a certain Piece of Road, extending in Length One Mile and an Half, and leading from a Place called The Bottom of the Viney Hill, within His Majesty's Forest of Dean, through the Tything of Etloe, and the Dutchy of Etloe, in the Parish of Awre, and County of Gloucester aforesaid, to certain Places called Gatcomb and Pyrton, in the said Parish of Awre, adjoining the River Severn, is very much out of Repair, narrow in many Places, and cannoc be properly amended by the Laws nowin being; and that His Majesty's Naval Timber felled in the said Forest, is brought from thence to the said Places, called Gatcomb and Pyrton, and there shipped to be conveyed to His Majesty's Dock Yards, which Places are the most convenient and only known Places where such Timber is shipped for His Majesty's Dock Yards, and the said Piece of Road is the only Road over which such Timber is hauled, or can be hauled, from the said Forest to Gatcomb and Pyrton for the Purposes aforesaid; and that, about Forty Years ago, the said Piece of Road was

impaftable.

Dean forest

Hold* Petition*

Additional fotitbn to Dean Forest Roads.

Towttfter Jtoad Petition.

Stratton St. Margaret Inc oiure Petition.

35 Geo. III. 50 Februafii, 151

impassable, but, being found convenient for the Conveyance of Naval Timber, the same was then repaired, and ever since hath been repaired, at the Expence of the Crown; and that a Petition hath been presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for amending* widening, and keeping in Repair certain Roads within the said Forest of Bean, one of which Roads is, in the said Petition, described as leading from the said Place, called <The Bottom of the V , within the said

Forest, to a Place called Co Lane Ettdy near the Town of Colford, and is a Continuation of the Road above-mentioned from the said Places, called and Pyrton, adjoining the River Severn, into the said

Forest, over which such Navy Timber is conveyed as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That, in such Bill to be brought in for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair certain Roads in His Majesty's Forest of Bean, a Clause or Clauses may be inserted to repair, widen, and keep in Repair, the said Piece of Road above'described as leading from The Bottom of tbt Viney Hill,within His Majesty's said Forest of Bean,

through the Tything of Etloe, and the DtJtchy of Etloe in the said Parish of Awre, to the Places called Gat-tomb and Pyrton, in the same Parish, to which Places H is Majesty's said Naval Timber is carried from His Majesty's Forest of Bean, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of George Earl of Pomfret, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Nwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End,in the Parish of Hardingston, in the said County, is much out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and repairing the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Bickins, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunro subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates in the Parish of Stratton Saint Margaret, in the County of Wilts, was presented

to the House and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds; and that the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors, in the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, lie very much intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are very inconveniently liruated, but if the fame, together with the said other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the several Proprietors and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, it would be very advantageous to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Man-

ner, and under such Regulations and iteftriftions, as to the House shall feenri mett.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ptirfuantto the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr; PeHraddocke Wyndhani and Mr. Goddard do prepare, attd bring in, the fame;

Mr. Jdbn Pitt presented to thfe Hodfe, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalising Peler SchAnd

the same wal received, and read the First Time.

Re/ohedi That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. John Pitt presented lo the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jacqueline Charlotte Comtesse deHompefch and James Charles Philip Bouwens:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Sfccdnd Time;

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, respectively, within the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Road leading from the Great North Road, near Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gate, in the Town of Stamford and County of Lincoln, through the several Parishes of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, Tinwell,

Empingham, Whitwell, Exton, Hambleton, Edgfton,

Oakham, Burley, Cottefmore, and Greetham, in the County of Rutland, to join the Great North Road aforesaid, at or near a certain House, called The Cross Guns, in the Parish of Greetham aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious in many Places, and cannot be effectually altered, repaired, widened, and rendered safe and Commodious to Passengers, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and the Public in general, if the said Road was properly altered, repaired, and widened, and if necessary and convenient Bridges were erected thereupon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the said Road, and for eflFeftuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See.:

And . they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of James B'Arcy, of the City of Wih- fiehi.g N*vi-chester, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; gationPetuiona Setting forth. That an Alt was passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for making divers

Rivers Navigable, or otherwise pafiable, for Boars,

" Barges, and other Vessels;" and that, by Another Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain,

" amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King the Second, intituled, "An Act for making divers Rivers Navigable, or otherwise passable for Boats,

" Barges, and other Vessels," so far as the same relates * to the River Itching, running from through

Wlnchester, to the Sea near Southampton, and fot *« better regulating the said Navigation," it was enacted that certain Commissioners should, from Time to Time, settle and ascertain reasonable Rates to bef taken by the Proprietors, Occupiers, and Owners of all Barges, Boats, and Vessels, for the Carriage*

Riverage, and Wharfage, of all Corn, Wood, Salt,

Iron*

Sclimidtmey~ er's Nat. Bill frefentod.

ItompefcITt and BouweiTi Nat. Bill prefaced.

Stathfoid tod Ortethajm

Road, 6cii Petition.

Ptnny^orcd Tin Work* Petition.

Itj2 50 Februatii. A. 1795.

Iron, Timber, Coal, or any other Goods, Wares, Mer- Works, for all the Coals used by them in carrying on chandize, or Commodities which should be conveyed their Works, it would enable them to improve and tip or down the said River, or to any Place or Places extend their present Works, so as to employ a much upon the fame, and the Right and Property in the greater Number of poor Persons than they will other-said Navigation hath become vetted irt the Petitioner} wife be enabled to do, if they continue to pay the and that, from various Causes, as well arising from Duty on the Coals they consume in carrying on the the increased Value of the Articles used and employed said Works, and which has been, and now is, a very in and for the Purposes of the said Navigation, as the great Obstruction to their Success: And therefore great Increase of Expence attending the fame, the said praying the House to take their same into Considera-Navigation, being in certain Places much subject to tion, and to give them such Relief in the Premises*

Floods, Winds, and Storms, the Works and Con- as the House shall think reasonable.

veniencies of the said Navigation have of late fallen Order, That the said Petition be referred to the very much into Decay, and are now much in want of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do Reparation; and that the Navigation of the said River examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as is also much interrupted between a Place called it shall appear to them, to the House:

Woodmill and a Place called Northam, and it would And it is referred to Sir Benjamin , Mr.

be of great Public Convenience, that such Interrup- Alderman , &c.: And they are to meet To-

tion should be removed, by deepening the said River morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the in certain Places, and making other necessary Works Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for and Improvements in and upon the fame; and that Persons, Papers, and Records, the Petitioner is willing, and desirous, at his own

Expence, to make such necessary Reparation, and to A Petition of Sacheverell , Esquire, Lord of the Radbome remove the Obstructions in the said Navigation, and Manor of , in the County of , and of

also to make, build, and erect such other Works and the Reverend Edward Pole, Clerk, Rector of the Conveniencies as shall be necessary, upon having the Rectory of the Parish of aforesaid,. was pre-

fame Rates of Carriage, Rivcrage, and Wharfage, as fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That are now taken upon the said River and Wharfs be- there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several longing thereto, secured to him and his Heirs, Exe- Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, for ever: And Waste Grounds, containing, in the whole 300 Acres, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to,bring or thereabouts; and that, if the said Common and in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Re- Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds gulations, Limitations, and Restrictions, as to the weredivided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the House shall seem meet and expedient. Estates and Properties of the Petitioners: And there-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Consideration of a Committee; and that they do exa- Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it 'Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, shall appear to them, to the House: in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

And it is referred to Mr. Amyatt, Mr. Sloane, &c.: Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Lord John Cavendish, Mr. and Lord George

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Augustus Henry Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Hammet, Esquire, one of the Proprietors of certain Tin Works, in the County of A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Cartmel incio-Pembroke, called The Pennygored Works, on Behalf of ancient Messuages and inclosed Lands within the sure Peliuon> himself and the other Proprietors of the said Works, Parish of ,in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented That the Proprietors of the said W'orks are obliged to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, to consume great Quantities of Coals in carrying on within the said Parish, several large Tracis of Com-their Works, and, from the Scarcity of Coal within mon or Waste Grounds, containing 10,000 Acres} the said County, they are obliged to import the same or thereabouts, and the Petitioners, in respect of from other Counties at a very great Expence, ex- their said ancient Messuages and inclosed Lands, are elusive of the Duty payable upon such Coals, and 'The entitled to Right of Common thereon; and that the Pennygored Works are the only Tin Works in this Right Reverend Father in God Lord Bi (hop

Kingdom, where the Coals made use of for carrying of Chester, in Right of his said Bishoprick, is Im-on the Works are charged with any Duty jvhatsoever; propriate Rector of the Parish of Cartmel aforesaid, and that The Pennygored Works have, from Time to and as such entitled to certain Tythes, both great and Time, been improved by different Proprietors at a small, arising within the said Parish, or certain Pay-very great Expence, but, owing to the high Price of ments in Lieu thereof, and Henry , Esquire,

Coals, and other Causes, the said Works have fre- in Trust for the Right honourable Lord Frederick questly been discontinued, to the great Distress of the Cavendish, is Lessee for Lives, under the said Bishop, poor Persons who were employed in those Works; of the said Rectory, Tythes, and Payments; and that but, notwithstanding the Disadvantages which the the said Commons or Waste Grounds, at present.

Proprietors of the said Works labour under, in carry- afford little or no Advantage to the Persons interested ing on their Works, they now find Employment for a therein, but, in case Part of the said Commons was great Number of poor Persons, who mutt otherwise be embanked and drained, and the same and all the other in Want of the Means of supporting themselves and Commons or Waste Grounds in the same Parish were their Families, and might therefore become charge- divided, allotted, and inclosed, and a sufficient Part able to their respective Parishes; and that the Peti- thereof assigned and allotted to the said Lord Bishop tioner is informed, that, in order to encourage, the of Chester, his Successors, and Lessees, in Satisfaction working the Copper and Lead Mines in the llland of of all his Tythes arising within the said Parish, and

Anglesey,an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year all Payments in Lieu thereof, it would be of great of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing a Advantage to the several Persons interested therein,

Drawback of the Duties upon all Coals used in and of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That working those Mines; and, if the like Indulgence Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving, was allowed to the Proprietors of the Pennygored Tin dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons or

x Watte

Liverpool

Dthtorft

Petition*

Pad Stoke And Elfton Irtclo* Uue Petition.

Petition from Norwich respectin* the War.

Royal Afient to Bills*

35 Geo. III. e

Waste Grounds, in the find Parish of in such

XVI anntr, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall fresh meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord John Cavendish and Mr. Thomas Stanley do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Goal in the Borough of Li', was presented ro the House, and read; complaining of their Distress', and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Februarii.

*53

A Petition of Sir George Bromley, Baronet, and Robert Waring Darwin, Esquire, Lords of Manors within the respective Parishes of East Stoke and in

the County of Nottingham, and others, Owners of Lands in the Open Fields and Meadows, and entitled to Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and the fame, and like-wife the said Commons, in their present Open Situa- Dyck, lion, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the said Fields, Meadows, and Commons were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Pierreponf and Lord John Cavendish do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authored by virtue of His Majesty's Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Comrmflion under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to one Public Bill and one Private Bill therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other L.ords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills} and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great and the Ldrd Hawkesbury, named also in the said Commis-

fion, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal AITenttothesaid Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to contiiiue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in thedaft Seflloh of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are con- spiring against His Person and Government."

An Act for naturalizing Peter Dubbeldemuts Van

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of the City of Norwich, and County of the same City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth}

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in Great Britain, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

' The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevc-ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directeid

particularly deplore the ruinous Effects of the present War (bloody and expensive beyond all former Example) on the Political and Commercial State of this Empire: The Petitioners also beg Leave to represent.

r , " ----- '7: ' o: y rai ftmenaraenu rnereunto j wnion they naa directed

That the Petitioners are deeply tmpreffed with a Sense him l0 report> when House wiH please to receive

of the grievous Calamities of War jn general, and tjje fame<

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Arden accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee

. _ e , r -... .. had made to the Bill, and which they had directed

that the Distresses of the present War press with pe- him to re c to the House; and hc r'ad the R

culiar Force upon them, as Inhabitants of a City de- in hu p,acc and afterwards dciivered the Bill, with

pending, for us Profpcr.ty, on us Trade and Manu- the Amendment in at the Clerk-S Table . Where the

failures, the almost total Suspension of which has rc- Report was rcac|

duced tht lo.rr cunts among thrm to a Sure of hrdmd. That the said Rtport bo taken into furrhor Mifory ooror boforo oapononcod: And thoreforo pray. Considerati<m u MmJ Scvennsgho. the Kith Day ing.That the Honft, by renounc.ng .11 lnt.rfcr.ncc of this Instant F,truer,.

»,th ho internal Affairs of Free, and by such orher 0rW. That such a Number of Copies of the Measure. as in ihetr W.fdom bey shall judge eape- fjid Bi„ „ am„ded b the Committee, be printed.

dient, will endeavour to effect a speedy Peace between Great Britain and 'that Country, which they arc fully convinced is absolutely ntceflary to the Preservation of the Constitution, Liberty, Prosperity, and Happiness, of these Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, .....

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

Committee on Bill for railing Men for the Navy.

as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Corn, Grain, Flour, Malt, and Bran, used in the Distilleries of this Kingdom, from the ift of January 1790 to the ill of January 1795, or as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the different Sorts of Corn and Grain.

A Motion was made, and the Qoeftion being pro-

Account of Corn, Set. vfe4 in the Difiitle-ros, ordered.

Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several posed, That it appears to this House that'his Majesty Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the im- the King of has received from the Treasury

mediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read. Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the Floufe of Peers.

And being returned; 7 ,.

Vol. L.

of Great Britain, £. 1,200,000 and upwards, pursuant to the Treaty concluded at the on the 10th of

April 1794; and that it does not appear that the King o( Prujfta has performed, on his Part, the Stipulations of the said Treaty;

R r A Motion

Motion respecting Money received by the Kino of Promt.

Other Orders of the Pay read.

kill for rendering effectual certain Orders in Council respecting the Admifliirn of Effectt, deferred.

Bill for prohibiting the Export of Grain and permitting the Importation of G»ain and Provision*, deferred.

King's Meffcge rtfpefling a Loan to the Emperor enfi-dcred.

»54

5° — 6a Februarii. ' A. 1795.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read*

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeu, } I23-

Tellers for the Noes, j 33-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for rendering effectual H is Majesty's Orders in Council of the 16th and 21st of January 1795, respecting the Ad million of the Effects, mentioned in the said Ordrfls, into the Ports of this Country, to be Warehoused 5

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for prohibiting the Export from land of any Article of Grain, and for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom of all Articles of Grain, and other Provisions, Duty-free, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received.'Tomorrow Morning.

.The other Order of the Day being read,‘for taking into Coi sideration His Majesty's most Gracious Mef-sage of Yesterday.;

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most- Gracious Message be now taken into Confederation.

The House accordingly proceeded so take the said Mfcffage into Confederation.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker. -A Motion was made, and the Qyeftioti being promoted, That ah humble Addfefs be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message, and for His Condescension. and Godctness in having been pleated communicate to us the State of the Negocia? tion in which His Majesty is engaged with the Emperor:

To allure His Majesty, that, when His Majesty Hull be.enabled, according to; His gracious Intention, to lay'before tfs the Result of that Negociation, and the Arrangement relative to the Temporary Advances made by His Majesty in the latter Part of the last Campaign, we shall proceed to take the Subject into our further Consideration with the lerious Attention which it will deserve: That, in the mean Time, we think it our Duty to express toH>s Majesty the strong Senle we entertain of the Advantage which might be derived to the common Cause from the vigorous Cooperation of a powerful A Army in the next Campaign j and io offer our humble Opinion to His Majesty, that, if it should appear likely that that Advantage may be effectually secured by enabling His Majesty to guaranty, under proper Conditions, a Loan, to be raised by the Emperor, to such an Amount as may be thought reasonable and proportioned to the Extent of his Efforts, the Adoption of such a Measure may be essentially conducive to the immediate inte* rests. of His Majesty's Subjects at this Conjuncture, and to the great Object of re-establishing, on a secure and permanent Foundation, the Peace and Tran* quillity of these Kingdoms, and of;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words That, in the mean Time, we think it our Duty to express to tr His Majesty the strong Sense wc entertain of the Advantage which might be derived to the common Cause from the vigorous Co-operation of a " powerful Austrian Army in the next Campaign j and " to offer our humble Opinion to His Majesty, that.

<c if it should appear likely that that Advantage may " be effectually secured by enabling His Majesty to guaranty, under proper Conditions, a Loan, to be " raised by the Emperor, to such an Amount as may " be thought reasonable and proportioned to the " Extent of his Efforts, the Adoption of such a " Measure may be essentially conducive to the inir " mediate Interests of His Majesty's Subjects at this " Conjuncture, and to the great Object of re-efta-'* blishing, on a secure and permanent Foundation,

" the Peace and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms,

" and of Europe."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand part of the Question,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. --

Tellers for the Yeas, j } W3-

rMr. Whitbread,

Tdlersfor the Noes, < Junior, > 58.

i Mr. William Sinith: j So it was resolved in the Affirmative*

Then the main Question being put j

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Ad dr eft on His Majesty, to return , Hls Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message, and for His Condefcenlion and Goodness in haying been pleased to bommunicace to us the State of the Negot ciation in' which His Majesty is engaged with the Emperor: >

To assure His Majesty, that, when His Majesty shall be enabled, according to His gracious I mention, to lay before us the Result-of that Negotiation, and t()6 Arrangement relative to the Temporary Advance! made by His Majesty in the latter Part of the )aft Campaign, we shall proceed to take the Subject into pur further Confederation, with the serious Attention which it will deserve: That, in the mean Time, we think it our Duty to express to His Majesty the strong Bcofe we entertain of the Advantage which might be derived to the- common Cause from the vigorous Co* Operation of a powerful Austrian Army in die next Campaign; and to offer our humble Opinion to Hi!

Majesty, that, if it should appear likely that that Advantage may be effectually secured by enabling His Majesty to guaranty, under proper Conditions, a Loan, to be raised by the Emperor, to such an Amount as may be thought tleasonable and proportioned to the Extent of his Efforts, the Adoption of such a Measure may be essentially conducive to the immediate Interred* of His Majesty's Subjects at this Conjuncture} and to the great Object of re-establishing, on a secure and permanent Foundation, the Peace and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms, and of Europe.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

-M — ..

Veneris, 6* die Februarii j

Anno 35° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker dtriffue his War- Fowty WrW. raitt to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, in the room, of the Right honourable

35 Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 155

nourable Richard Edgcum, commonly called Lord Viscount Valletort,now Earl of Mount Edgcumbe, called up to the House of Peers.

Answer to Lord Viscount Parker reported to the House, that

Icfng^Mef. t^e'r Address of Yesterday (to return His Majesty the

iage Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Mef-

sage, and for His Condescension and Goodness in having been pleased to communicate to this House the State of the Negociation in which His Majesty is engaged with the Emperor: To assure His Majesty, that, when He shall be enabled, according to His gracious Intention.to lay before this House the Refulc of that Negociation, and the Arrangement relative to the Temporary Advances made by His Majesty in the letter Part of the last Campaign, this House will proceed to take the Subject into their further Confederation with the serious Attention which it will defervei That, iti the mean Time, this House think it their Duty to express to His Majesty the strong Sense they entertain of the Advantage which might be derived to the common Cause from che vigorous Co-operation of a powerfulAuftrian Army in the next Campaign; and to offer their humble Opinion to His Majesty, that, if it should appear likely that that Advantage may be effectually secured.by enabling His Majesty to guaranty, under proper Conditions, a Loan, to be raised by the Emperor, to such an Amount as may be thought reasonable, and proportioned to the Extent of his Efforts, the Adoption of such a Measure may beeffdn-tially conducive to the immediate Interests of His Majesty's Subjects at this Conjuncture, and to the great Object of re-establishing, on a secure and permanent Foundation, the . Peace and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms, and of had been presented to

His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Lapworth and A Petitiort of the Company of Proprietors of the

CasalPeution. Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, under their

Common Seal; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by a'n Act, passed in the'Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized and impowered to make and complete a Navigable Canal from the and Birmingham Canal Navigation, in the Parish of

King's Norton, in the County of into the

v Borough of Stratford upon . in the County of

Warwick, with T.wo Collateral £uts therein mentioned, and the Petitioners have proceeded to carry the Powers of the said ACk into Execution, and have, in Part, executed the said Canal; and that it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, that a convenient Communication may be made between the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, and the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, by a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the said Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of iti the Parish of

Bowington, in the said County of Warwick-, and that the making of such Navigable Cut or Canal will be of great Public Utility, and the Petitioners are willing, at their own Expence, to make and maintain the fame, in same they shall be authorized so to do: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal into the said Warwick and Birmingham Canal, as aforesaid, with such Powers, under such Regulations, and rn such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConGdcration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mcrdaunt, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, &c.: And

they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have'

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom Norwood and the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Paddington Grand Junction Canal was referred; That the Com- reported!"1011

mittee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as' it appeared to them to the House; and he read the:

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Ta^c: Where the same wais read; and is as followeth; viz. '

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.i William JeJfop (an Engineer) being examined said,

That, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, if is practicable to make a Navigable Cut from The Grand Junction Canal in the Precinct of Norwood, in the County of Middlesex, to Paddington in the said County; and that the making and maintaining the same will be of great Advantage to the Metropolis, and be of Public Utility: — And he added. That the Petitioners are willing at their own Expence to make the said Navigable Cut,

A Petition of the Nobleman, and the humble Peti- Petition from tion of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, or !n Har-' Occupiers, of several Water Mills, Rivers, Streams, iriondsworth, and Watercourses in the several Parishes, Townships-,' fJn^ndoth^r or Plates of Harmondsworth, Stanwell East Bedfont, pi»ce», against IfiewoHb, and Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex} D* and also Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, of Lands/

Meadows, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the several Parishes or ToWnships of Norwood, in the Pari & of Hayetj leading, in the said Parish,

Greenford, Perrihale, Appertonptherwife Alperton, im

the Parish of Harrow, Twyford, Willefdon,

Hantmersmith, in' the Parish of Fulham, Kenfatgton,

Lathe's Chelsea, and Paddington, in the same County,'

Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth;'

That the Petitioners art informed. Application has' been made to the House for Leave to bring iti a BiH* for making a Navigable Cut from The Grand Junction.

Canal, in the Precinct Of Norwood, in the County dF Middlesex, to Paddington, in the said County; and that' the Petitioners are Owners; Proprietors, or Occupiers,' of several Water Mills, Rivers, Streams, Watercourses,'

Lands; Meadows, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes, Townships, or Places aforesaid; fttuate upon, or near to, or communicating with, the Line of the said intended Navigable Cut or Canal, and the greater Part of such Lands and Grounds have been improved to the highest State of Cultivation, and are rendered particularly valuable by reason of their Vicinity to the Metropolis; and that, if the said intended Bill should pals into a Law, the Lands and Grounds of the ' Petitioners above described (which, upon an Average, are let at upwards of Two Pounds, and some of them,-near the Metropolis, at nearly Six Pounds, per Acre) would be most inconveniently fevered and divided, and greatly mutilated and'injured, and the fame, and the adjacent Country (which arc in Parts thereof already too wet) would suffer greatly by any additional Water which such Cut or Canal would necessarily introduce, and which would become stagnant, the Soil being in general a strong Clay, retaining Water, and many Parts thereof lying extremely low, so as to be frequently flooded in wet Seasons, and incapable of general Draining by Means of the said Canal, or otherwise, except at an immense Expence, which the Petitioners could not collectively bear; and that several of the Petitioners are Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of Mills situated on Rivers, which, in same the 7 said

Watford and Albnn*» Cioal Petition rr^orud.

156 6° Februariu 1795.

said intended Bill is passed into a Law, will be af- Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Na-frCted by the said intended Canal, as the said Mills, vigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the without a sufficient Supply of Water, will be unable Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-to work, and the Failure, in that Respect, will be tition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it productive of irreparable Damage to their Property; appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-and that several of the Petitioners are Proprietors of port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Houses and Estates defeended to them from their An- the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is ccftors, or purchased and erected by themselves, and as followeth; viz.

all of them improved at very considerable Expence, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, and they apprehend such intended Cut will be greatly Mr. William JeJfcp, an Engineer, being examined, said, injurious to their Property, Quiet, and Convenience, That, by Levels and Surveys lately made, it is prafti-the Security of their Residences, and the Beauty of cable to make and extend a Navigable Cut from the the adjoining Lands, and, if the said intended Bill Collateral Cut of at

should pass into a Law, the Estates of the Petitioners to the Town of Saint in the County of

will be rendered of little or no Value in their Estima- and that the making and maintaining such Navigable tion, and the Petitioners conceive no adequate Com- Cut would afford the Inhabitants of the Towns and pensation can be made for the Injuries which they will Places lying upon or near the line of such Cut, a fuftairt; and that the Petitioners conceive the Scheme much more regular and better Supply of Coals, Mer-of the said intended Navigation has been hastily' chandize. Corn, and Manure, and various other Arti-adopted without a sufficient lnveftigation thereof, and cles, and at a much less Expence than at present, and without the Proof of its being productive of any great would in other respects be of Public Utility: — And he Public Utility, but calculated altogether to promote added, That the Petitioners are willing at their own the Interest of private Individuals, and that a partial. Expence to make the said Navigable Cut. and not a National, Object is in View; and that the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Advantages proposed to be derived to the Public are making and extending a Navigable Cut from the not yet ascertained by the Effect of The Grand Junction Town of Watford, in the County of Hertford, to the Canal, and the Petitioners conceive there is not any Town of Saint , in the same County: And that Principle, hitherto founded, of Importance sufficient Mr. Praeand Sir do prepare, and bring to entitle the said Bill to be passed into a Law, the in, the fame.

Petitioners conceiving the Advantages proposed to be

derived to the Metropolis in particular, and to the An ingossed Bill for authorizing the Company of Sill to tit Country in general, from the intended Navigable Cut Proprietors of The Grand fun Elion Canal to vary the or Extension of The Grand Junction Canal, are already Course of a certain Part of the said Canal in the Grand junc-fully and effectually providrd for, by its present Con- County of o as to render the Navigation ti«» Canal,

fluence with -the River Thames at Brentford; and that thereof morefafe and convenienr, and for making fume p the Petitioners conceive, if the said intended Bill other Amendments and Alterations in an Act, made should be permitted to pass into a Law, their Estates in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present wilt be oft seriously affected by it, the Produce be Majesty, for making the said Canal, was read the Third diminished, and the Rents become depressed, and Time.

more especially as, on the proposed Line of the said Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 1 intended Cut, there are neither Trades, Manufactures, be, An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors <or Commerce, or any determinate Advantage, Con- of The Grand function Canal to vary the Course of a venience, or Benefit, to be derived to the Petitioners, certain Part of the said Canal in the County of Hert-to "Countervail the Injuries of which the proposed Canal ford, So as to render the Navigation thereof more safe will be the Cause; and that the Petitioners, confiding and convenienr, and for making some other Amend-in the Wifdonn and Justice of the House, rely on the ments and Alterations in an Act, made in the Thirry-ProteCkio* to be given to the Enjoyment of their third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Estates, and hope the same will not be doomed to the making the said Canal.

Theories of Individuals, especially where the Advan- Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the tages pioposed to the Public have not been yet suffi- Lords, and desire their Concurrence.* ciently evinced, and that a Tract of Land of such

great Importance to the Metropolis as the Estates A Petition of the Trustees appointed, elected, and D»r'm)rtoi» in qoeftion, will not be permitted to be destroyed authorized to put in Execution Two several Acts of toy Experiments founded on Speculation, and per- Parliament, the One of them made and passed in the Road Petition. fitted in on Adventure, in Opposition to the principal Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, whose Estates King Geo the Second, intituled, *« An Act for rewill be liable to be thereby so materially affected: " pairing the High Roads leading from , in

And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and several themselves, their Counsel, and Agents, against the In- other Roads in the said County therein mentioned," troduction of the said Bill, and against the said Bill and the other of the said Acts, made and passed in the itself, if the fame.is brought into the House, and that Twenty-ninth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that they may intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and have such other Relief as to the House shall seem fit. Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill " fourth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, forre-for making a Navigable Cut from The Grand function " pairing the High Road leading from , in

Canal, in the Precinct of Nongood, in the County of " the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and fe-Middlesex, to Paddington,in the said County; And that " veral other Roads in the said County therein men-

Mr. Praed and Sir William Toung do prepare, and tioned, and for the effectual amending the same;" bring in, the fame. and also of the several Creditors on the Tolls arising

Ordered, That, the said Petition do lie upon the from the several Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars erected Table until the said BUI be brought in upon the said Turnpike Road under, and by virtue of

the said Two recited Acts of Parliament, whose Names Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road,

Grand Junction Canal was referred: That the Com- was prefeoted to the House, and read; Setting forth, mitree had examined, and found that the Standing That the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing

Reading Pi ing, &c. BL presented*

Chalgroft

Inclosure

Petition,

35 Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 157

pairing the said Road, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Mhney at Interest, upon the Credic of the Tolls granted by virtue of the said Acts, to the Amount of £. 1,200, which is now due; and that, notwithstanding the Tolls collected, and the Money so borrowed, have been duly applied in repairing and amending the said Road, and for the other. Purposes mentioned in the said Acts, yet, by Reason of the many heavy Carriages continually passing thereon With Lime, Coals, and Merchandize of divers Kinds, and many of them with narrow Wheels, which cut and tear up the said Road, and the Expence of providing proper Materials for repairing the fame, which are brought from a considerable Distance to many Parts of the said Road, it is impossible to complete the Repairs thereof, and to keep the same in Repair, and repay the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, unless the Terms and Powers given by the said Acts be further continued, altered, and enlargedand that the completing the Repairs of the said Road, and keep-

- Jng the same in Repair, according to the Intention of the said A'fts, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Landed Estates in the Neighbourhood, and the Increase of Trade and Commerce in the said County of Durham, and the Commercial Interest of this Kingdom in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and" Powers of the said Two several Acts of Parliament, and for reducing the same into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof) and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for PerSbns, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Francis Annejley presented to the House, accord-

1 ing to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Footways in the Borough of in the County of

Berks, for better repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Borough, and for removing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future: And the same was received; and read the First Time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners of Lands within the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts of Chalgrove, in the County of Oxford, whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read 5 Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, Liberties, and Precincts, certain Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, which, in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, ‘the said Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested, according to theirrespective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the Jdoufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Vot. L.

Lord Viscount Parker and General Adeane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Tra- Abingdon and ders. Freeholders, and others, residing in the Cities of canalPetittoB. Bath and Bristol, and in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by Levels and Surveys lately made, it appears practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats,

Barges, and otherVeffda, from, and to communicate with, the River Thames or Ifts, at or near the Town of . don, in the County of ‘Berks, to join and communicate with the intended Kennel and Avon Cana), at or near the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, and that certain Navigable Branches may be made. One from such* intended Canal in, or near a Field called The Breach Field, in the Hamlet of Grove, in the Parish of Wantage, in the said County of , to or near the Town of Wantage, in the same County; another from such intended Canal in or near a Field called The Ploughed Field, in the Parish of ,in the said County of Wilts, in the Occupation of Jacob Gaby, to or near the Town of Caine, in the same County; and another from the same Canal, at and in a Close or Ground in the Parish of,

in the said County of Wilts, called The Little Mid* die Ground, in the Occupation of John ,to or

near the Town of Chippenham, in the same County; and that the making and maintaining of such Canal and Navigable Branches will greatly facilitate, and render less expendve than , at present, the Conveyance of Corn, Coals, Stone, Iron, Timber, Lime,

Chalk, Manure, and all Kinds of Merchandize and heavy Commodities, not only to and from the said City of Bath, and the several Towns of,

Melksham, Chippenham, Caine, Wootton Basset,

Highworth , Farringdon, Wantage, Abingdon, -

ford, and other adjacent Towns and Places, but alfa to and from the Ports of London and Bristol, and such Navigable Canal and Branches will be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Canal, and Navigable Branches, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr.

Annejley, Sec.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning nexr, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of divers Owners and Proprietors of Wootton ana Lands and Estates in Wootton and Btrejhill, in the Pa- f°ckfilre rish of Cumner, in the County of Berks, was presented Petition, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in Wootton and Borefbill aforesaid, certain Open Fields,

Lot Ground, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground, which, in their present State, are subject to great Inconvenience in the Occupation thereof, and are otherwise incapable of being used and enjoyed to so much Advantage as they would be, if the same were divided, allotted, and laid in Severalty:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effectuate the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Dundas and Mr. VanJUtart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

S f A Petitioa

Blackwater fend Chelmer' War ptiott Petition*

Member added to Committee appointed to take the Evidence in Support of Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill*

Petition tocon-firtn the Inclosure of certain Lands in K»r-hyerindalythe and Dujgleby.

158 6° Februarii. 1795*

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the ancient Port, Borough, and Town of Malden, and of the Country adjacent, was prefenred to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are advised, and conceive that the Navigation of the Rivers Blackwater and Chelmer, in the County of Essex, lead-

ing to and from the said Port, Borough, and Town of Maldon, may be greatly improved by making a Cut or Cuts, or Line of Navigation, from a Place called Collier's Reach, ir. or near the River , and

cleansing, deepening, widening, varying, and improving the Old Channel or Course of the said Rivers, so as to make the same Navigable, for Ships of large Burthen, from Collier's Reach aforesaid, to a Place called Fullbridge, in the said Town of Maldon, and from thence towards Beeleigh Mill, for Boats and Barges, and

by making a Navigable Cut or Canal for Boats and Barges from the said River Chelmer, below Beeleigh Mill to that Part of the said River lying above Beeleigh Mill aforesaid; and that such Improvements would be greatly beneficial to the said ancient Port, Borough, and Town of Maldon, and to the Trade thereof, and of the Country adjacent: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Holden , Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock1, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered\That Mr. Gregor be added to the Committee who are appointed to take the refiduc of the Evidence which may be thought proper to be adduced in Support of the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the lard River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau , in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint , in the said

County, to the said Harbour of King's , and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House.

A Petition of George Wood, Esquire, an Owner and Proprietor of Lands and Estates within the Townships of Kirbygrindaiythe and Du, in the Parish of Kirbygrindalytbe, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Agreement made, in or about the Year 1755, between the several Persons therein named (being all the then Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Town ill ip of Kirbygrindalytbe) and an Award made in pursuance thereof, the Lands of the said Proprietors, within the said Township, were divided and inclosed, and divers Rules and Regulations were, by the said, Award, made respetfting the several Allotments thereof, and the Fences, Tythes, and other Matters touching the said Estates in Kirbygrindalytbe aforesaid; and that, by another Agreement made, in or about the Year 1765, between the several Persons therein named (being the then Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Township of Duggleby aforesaid) and an Award made in pursuance thereof, the Lands of the said Proprietors within the said Township of Duggleby, were

also divided and inclosed, and certain Orders and Regulations, were by the said Award made respecting the several Allotments thereof, and the Fences, Tythes, and other Matters touching the said last mentioned Estates; and that the several Allotments of the said Lands were accordingly accepted, and have ever since been held and enjoyed by the several Persons respectively interested therein, in Lieu of their former Rights and Estates in the said Townships respectively, but Doubts having arisen how far certain Persons, named in the said Agreements were competent to bind their Successors thereby, the Petitioner is desirous that the said Awards, and the Divisions and Inclosures made by virtue thereof, should be rendered effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given -to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said Awards, Divisions, and Inclosures of the said Lands and Estates, and the Orders and Regulations made by the said Awards, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thac Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunder subscribed, being Owners' and Proprietors of Lands, and Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Township of Cleckbeaton, in the Parish of Birjlal, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, certain Commons, or Pieces of Waste Lands, called Hartishead Moor and Scholes Gretn,containing together about 136

Acres, and certain Open F'ields called the Lower Whitecliffe, Upper Whitecliffe, Pease Lands, Town Heads, Chear Barrows, and TheTofts, containing together abouc

180 Acres, and Two Open Stinted Pastures called Hunsworth Moor and Cleckbeaton Green, containing together, about go Acres; and that the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said-Open Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the fame, with the said Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Proprietors thereof, and Pjffons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons, Waste Grounds, Open Fields, and Stinted Pastures.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Fields Pastures, or Commons, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of , in the

Parish of Rowley, in the East Riding of the County of Yorkicertain Open Fields, Pastures, or Commons,

computed to contain, in the Whole, about 1,500 Acres, which, in their present Situation are capable of very little Improvement, but if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Proprietors interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying,- Thac Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effetting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thac

Mr.

Cleckhfito*

Inclosura

Petition*

Riplirghara

Inclosure

Petition.

East Stoke Jrvclosure

Petition.

Lento* anil Radford In do* Aire Petition.

Winter amt

Bethmann't Mat. Bill read.

Macclet field

inclosure

Petition.

35 Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 159

Mr. V, "tilerforce and Mr. Buncombedo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir George Baronet, Lord of

the Manor ot East Stoke, and others. Owners of Lands

in the Open Fields and Meadows, and entitled to Right of Common, upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read* Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and the fame, and likewise the said Commons, in their present open Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the said Fields, Meadows, and Commons, were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners, aind others interested- therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclcfing the said Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring

in, the fame,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the Town-ships of Lenton and Radford,in the County of ham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships, certain Commonable, Waste, and Forest Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons entitled thereto, or interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, it would be very advantageous to all Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Albert Winzer and Simon Maurice Betbmann, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Township of in the Parish of Prefibury, in the county of,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, several Commons and Waste Lands upon which the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State, are of little Value, but, if divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, the same might be very considerably improved, and such Division, Allotment, and inclosure, would be a manifest Advantage to the several Perforvs interested therein, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Crewe and Mr. ‘Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That, by an Act; made in the Eighth Yeas of the Reign of HiiS pfefent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the-.Frith, " or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith, " or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir " Burnfoot, irt the County of and also a

" Collateral Cut from the same to the- City of gow; and for making a Navigable Cut; or Canal of " Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowfiounness, to join the said Canal at or near the

tf Place where it will fall into the'Frith of Forth," the Petitioners were incorporated for making and completing the said Canal under certain Orders and Regulations, and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, which Act was further explained, enlarged, and amended, by several subsequent Acts of Parliament; and that, by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, tituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to' " the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in " land, which were put under the Management of a " Board of Trustees, by an Act passed in the Twenty-' " fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act," the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were, out of the Monies therein mentioned, authorized to pay to the Petitioners the Sum of £. 50,000 Sterling, towards completing the said Navigation, and other Works, subject to certain Conditions and Provisions iii the said Act contained j and that the Petitioners have received the said Sum of £. 50,000, and have now completed the Navigation and other necessary Works* but Doubts have arisen as to the Mode of explaining and reconciling the before recited Acts, which, in feme Instances, appear contradictory, in so far as regards the Capital Stock of the Company, and the Mode of ascertaining the Amount of the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and enlarging the said Acts, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex. amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the H >use:

And it is referred to Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, or interested in, Estates in the County of Stafford, was pre-. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Two Acts were passed in the Sixth and Twenty-Tcvenrh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from High , in

the County of Stafford, to Ut and from to

Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall's Lane to Toxall Bridge, in the said County, and, under the Authority of the said Acts, the said Roads have been amended j and that if Power was given to enable the Trustees for the Care and Management of the Second District of Roads mentioned in the said Acts, to make, wideband keep in Repair, the Road from a Place called Caldon Lew, through Farley and Qirickfill, to join the present Turnpike Road from Uttoxeter to Hanging Bridge, between Barrow Hill and Cambridge, a Communication would be opened between Uttoxeter and

Petition to . amend FofrH and Clyde

Navigation!

Acts.

Uttoxetef ini Ycxail Road Petition.

i6o

6° Febrna

A. 1795.

St Philip and Jacob, and St. George (Bris-tol) Poor and Highway* Petition*

the circumjacent Country, and several large and valuable Limestone Quarries, whereby the Owners of those Quarries would be considerably benefited, the Improvement of Lands in the Neighbourhood greatly promoted, and the Public in general efiemially served: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Gower , Lord

Granville Leveson Gower, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers, and principal Inhabitants, and Persons paying or contributing to the Relief of the poor, and also to the Repair of the Highways in the Out Parish of Philip and Jacoby and in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Two Parishes were formerly One Parish, called f ‘beOut Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, but by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint *Philip and Jacob, in the County of and in

the City and County of and for erecting a

« Church in the new intended Parish," a certain District of the said Out Parish of Saint Philip and in the said County of Gloucester, was divided therefrom and formed into a separate Parish, being the said Parish of Saint George, and a new Church hath been, erected thereon, conformable to the Directions of the said Act, whereby it is enacted, that the Inhabitants within the said new Parish should be divided from, and independent of, the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and be exempt from bearing any Parish Offices or Charges, and from all Dependencies and Contributions for, or in respect thereof, except such as are therein otherwise provided and enacted; and, it is thereby also enacted, that all Rates and Levies to the Poor, and for the Highways, shall be made, rated, levied, and alfelTed, upon the Inhabitants of the said - Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, in the County of Gloucester, and of the said new Parish, jointly and in common, without any Distinction of the Parishes intended by the said Act, and as they were before the making thereof, and that the Workhouse then already built, and then (landing in the said Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, in the said County of Gloucester, for the Poor of the same Parish, should remain, continue, and be, for the joint Ufc of the Poor of the said new Parish, and of the said Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, in the said County, and that all Orders of Justices of the Peace for removing of, or relating to, the Poor, should be made and directed as before the making of the said Act; and that, (ince the Division of the said Out Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob, and the forming Part thereof into the said separate Parish of George, the Poor of the said Two Parishes are greatly increased, and become very burthensome, nor, from the great Extent of the said Two Parishes, and Number of Poor therein, and other Causes, is it in the Petitioners Power to manage and provide for the said Poor nearly so well as they would be able to do if the Poor of each Parish, and the Rates and Levies for the Maintenance and Relief thereof, were separated, and rendered independent of each other, and the Petitioners, from long Experience, are satisfiad the Poor of

each of the said Parishes Could be maintained and provided for much better, and at. a much ealier Rate, if the Poor of the said Two Parishes were so divided, and provided for and maintained distinct from each other, under the particular Care and Management of each of the said Parishes separately and independent of each other; and that the Petitioners are also satisfied that it would be a considerable Saving to each of the Did Parishes if the Expence of repairing the Highways of the said Two Parishes were separated, and made independent of each other, and that the said Highways would be kept in better Order than they now are: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee t And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Berkeley, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrolled Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moot or Common called North Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of North Petberton, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass t And that the TJitle be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called North Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of -

ton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Jekyll do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ndrtfc Prttofi ton Inclosurt Bill passed.

Trent and Mersey Navi % gation A£bj &c. &c.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition to alto Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, was pre- and amend the fented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have, by virtue of Two Acts, palfed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, made and completed a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wildm Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, and, by virtue of another Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have made and completed another Navigable Canal from the said first-mentioned Canal, on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to Frogball, and a Railway from thence to or near in the said County; and that, by Surveys lately made, it appears, that a Navigable Cut or Canal may be made from and out of the said first-mentioned Canal, at a Place called Shobnall,into a certain Navigable Cut, called The Burton Cut, situate near to the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, which will open an easy Commercial Intercourse between the said Canals made by the Petitioners and the said Town of Burton upon Trent, and be of great Advantage to the said Town; and, that several of the Powers and Provisions of the above-mentioned Acts require Alteration and Amendment: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to make and maintain the said last mentioned Cut or Canal, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Restrictions and Limitations, as to the House shall seem meet, and also for altering and amending the said Acts, passed in the Sixth, Tenth, and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the o Consideration

35 Geo. III. 6° Februarii. 161

Consideration of a Committee: And, that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hotife:

And it is referred to Lord Granville,

the Earl Gower Sutherland, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Luddingtan A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Inclo^UrePcu* t^'creurito subscribed, being Owners of Messuages,

tion, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, in the Townships of

Luddington and Garthorpe, in the Parish of Luddington, in the County of Lincoln, waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships, several Open Common Fields, and Uninclosed Meadows, wherein the Lands of the respective Proprietors thereof lie intermixed, and in small Parcels, and there are also, within the said ' Townships, certain Commons or Stinted Pastures, all which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, and also for the Purpose of settling a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes of all the Lands in the said Townships, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Junior, Sir John Thorold, and Mr.

Senior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Riven(Ihorpe A Petition of the principal Owners and Proprietors

inclosure of Lands, Commons, Tythes, and Estates, within the

Petition. Open and Common Fields of Ravenjlhorpe, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are seised of several Lands and Estates within the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Ravenjlhorpe aforesaid, which lie inconveniently intermixed and difperl'ed over the whole of the said Parish in small Parcels, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, are very fit and proper to be divided and inclosed, and would thereby be of much greater Profit and Advantage to the several Proprietors and Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Manor and Parish aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Dclben and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Apothecarica A Petition of the thereunder named Apothecaries,

Petition. in Behalf of themselves, and of all the Apothecaries in England and Wales, was presented to the House. and read; Setting forth, that several Public Meetings have been held, and an extensive Correspondence carried on, throughout Endivers

Evils which the Community at large, and Apothecaries in particular, endure, from the Want of proper Regulations to restrain ignorant and unskilful Persons from vending pharmaceutic Preparations, compounding Physicians Prescriptions, and giving Medical ‘ You L.

Advice, which is now practised to an alarming Degree in all Parts of the Kingdom, and in which they are greatly encouraged to persevere by the want of a just Discernment of their Ignorance in the lower Class of People; and that, unless some Legislative Restrictions are speedily enforced, the Bulinefsof a regular and well educated Apothecary will soon be bfoughr into Disrepute and Ruin, to the great Detriment of all those who are not only now engaged in, but under Tuition to follow, that Profession, and the Public Injury in general, particularly that of His Majesty's Army and Navy, which now are, and necessarily mull continue to be, very deficient in proper Surgical and-Medical Assistance, unless a timely Remedy be provided: And therefore praying the House to grane such Relief in the Premises, as they shall deem necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Almond and Freeholders, Heritors, and Commissioners of Supply, in the Counties of Linlithgow and or one of tion.

them, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That by an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and -keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge, over the Water by the Town of Bathgate, to Baillieston, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, several Tolls or Duties were made payable, and Powers were granted to, the Trustees thereby appointed to borrow the Sum of £.10,000 upon the Credit of such Tolls or Duties, and the Trustees have borrowed the said Sum of £.10,000, and duly applied the fame, in making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, and for the other Purposes required by the said Act; and that the said Roads are of great Public Utility, but, in order to complete, and effectually to repair, and keep in Repair, the said Roads, and to provide for the Re-payment of the Money expended upon the fame, it is requisite that the Trustees should be empowered to borrow a further Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act made payable, and that the Term and Powers thereby granted should be amended and enlarged, and extended in such Manner, and under such Provisions,

Conditions, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for empowering the Trustees appointed by the said Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to borrow a further Sum of Money, in Addition to the Sum of £.10,000, which they have already borrowed, and applied to the Purposes required by the said Act, and for otherwise amending, enlarging, and extending, the Term and Powers granted by. the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Conditions,

Provisions, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: *

And it is referred to Mr. William M( Do wall, Mr.

Anstruther, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to AnwdelWrit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Arundel, in the County

'1' t of

FefcJiain and Walton Canal Petition.

Shrewsbury Bridge Petition.

Hackney

Church

Petition.

loi 6° Februar . 1795.

of Sussex, In the room of Henry Howard, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

Bonenbam, in the County of Buckingham.

A Petition of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, and the humble Petition of the Right ho^ ftourable Edward Earl Winterton of the Kingdom of Ireland, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates in, or Inhabitants of, the County of Surrey,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the making and main* taining of a Canal, Navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from near Ftt Corn Mill, in the Parish of Fetcbam, into the River Thames, near Walton, in the County of Surrey, will render the Carriage of Timber, Corn, Flour, Coals, Iron, Lime, Chalk, and all Kinds of Merchandize, to and from several Parts of the County of Surrey, much cheaper and easier than at present, and will be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Canal, under such Regulations and Reftnc-tions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord William Rujfell, Mr.

5 folliffe, &c. i And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town of Shrewsbury, whose Names are thefeunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Butgeffes, arc entitled to certain Tolls and Customs for the Repair of the Bridges of the said Town, and other Purposes, and they are desirous to abolish the said Tolls and Customsj and that the Welsh Bridge over the River Sevin the said Town, is so decayed that it is dangerous to repair the fame, and a new Bridge hath been erected near to the said Welsh Bridge, in Lieu thereof, at the voluntary Expence of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and of divers Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, and it is necessary to open Avenues thereto, in order to-which it will be expedient to make several Purchases of Ground, Messuages, and other Buildings, which are private Property, and situated near to the same Bridge, and it will be requtfite, for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, to raise a considerable Sum of Money: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and for such other Purposes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And itis referred to Sir William Pulteney, Sir Richard Hill,&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fuhicribed, being Trustees for building the New Church at Hackney, in the County of and of several Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the said Parish, w|iofc Names arc thereunto

subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for taking down the Church and Tower " belonging to the Parish of John at,

" in the County of Middlesex, and for building another " Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish,

and for making an additional Cemetery or Church " Yard;" and that a considerable Progress hath been made in building the new Church, and performing the other Works directed to be done by the said Act, and it is (bund that the Sum of Money thereby authorized to be raised for those Purposes will not be sufficient to complete the same, and that the Powers of the Act are, in same Respects, defective: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and for raising such further Sums of Money as may be requisite for completing the said Church, and other Works, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Le Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers, of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in, about, or near to, the several Places herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Aylesbury through, or adjoining to, the several Parishes of Stoke Mande-ville, Wendover, Ellejborough, Little , Great

ble. Monks Rijborough, Princes Hor/endon,

Saunderton, and Bradenham, to West Wycombe, and from thence to a Place, called Red Barn, in the Parish of Great Marlow, all in the County of Buckingham, is very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently altered, amended, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law j and that it would be of great Convenience to all Persons residing near the said Places, or having Occasion to travel through the fame, if a Road was made from out of the Turnpike Road leading from Aylesbury to Wendover, near Benning's Barn, in the said Parish of Stoke Mandeville, to, or near to, Nash Lee, in the said Parish of -EHeJborough, and the Road amended and im-

proved from thence, along the lower Icknell Way, to, or near to, Bu/hey Leys, in the same Parish, and a Road made from thence to a Lane on the North Side of Little Kimble Church Yard, and the Road amended and improved from thence, through the Town of Princes Rijborough, to, or near to, a Green, called Sheepbridge, and a new Road made from thence, by, or near to, a Place, called ,in that Parish,

to join the present Highway, leading to Wycombe, and the Road from thence to West and from

West Wycombe to Red Barn aforesaid, repaired and improved; and that the Road branching out of the said Road at Princes Rijborough aforesaid, through, or adjoining to the Parishes of RmAfton Sand/ord, King/ey, Hadenbam, and Tower/ey, or some of them, in the said County of Buckingham, to Thame, in the County of Oxford, is also very much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, altering, amending, improving, and keeping in Repair,

Aylesbury an A Marlow, &c. Roads Petition.

Petition of certain Subscribert to the Veterinary College.

35 Geo. III. 6° Febrmrii. i

pair, the said Roads, in such Manner, and under.such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution called The Veterinary College, being offered to be presented to the House:

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Confederation of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That a Number of Gentlemen, a few Years fine'e, having observed, with great Concern, the various Calamities arising from the extreme Ignorance of a set of Men, generally called Farriers, Cowleeches, &c. to whose Management and Direction the Medical and Chirurgical Treatment of Horses, Cattle, Sheep, and other Beads, have been entirely intrusted, and being convinced that the judicious Treatment of Dif-tempers, Lameness, and other Accidents incident to Horses, and all other Cattle falling within the Denomination of the Farmers Stock, was of the highest Commercial as well as Domestic Importance, formed the Design of ihftituting a Veterinary School, in which the Anatomical Confirmation, Animal CEconomy of, and the Diseases incident to Horses, and all other useful Animals of the Brute Creation, are subject, and the Operations and Remedies proper to be applied might be investigated and taught by learned and fkil-ful Professors, hoping that, by such a System of Education, the Nation might gradually derive and enjoy the Advantage of possessing enlightened Practitioners in the Veterinary Science, on whose attentive Care and Skill the Proprietors of Horses, Cattle, and all Animal Stock, might securely rely; and that, in pursuance of the said Plan, a Piece of Ground was agreed to be taken upon a long Lease, on which Stables, a Forge, and other convenient Offices, and also a Theatre for delivering Lectures to Pupils and Subscribers, were, by a private Subscription, soon erected, and an Institution formed under the Name of The Veterinary College, in which a Number of Young Men have been already educated, and instructed in every Species of Veterinary Science, Seven of those, viz. Mr. Bond, Mr.

Lawrence, Mr. Mills, Mr. B. Clarke, Mr. Field, Mr. Stockley, and Mr. Thompson, having passed a regular Examination before the Medical Committee of the College, consisting of Mr. John Hunter, Sir George Baker, Dr. Fordyce, Dr. Crawford, Dr. Baillie, Dr. Sandcman, Dr . Relph, Mr. Cline, Mr. Cruikjbanks, Mr.

Home, Mr. Houljion, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Abernethy, and Mr. Babington, Vith the fulleft Approbation, have been sent into different Parts of the Kingdom, where they are practising with Credir and Profit to themselves, Honour to the Veterinary School, and to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Neighbourhood where they reside, and there are now Fifteen Pupils pursuing their Studies with commendable Diligence; and, as it is the Opinion of many General and Cavalry Officers, that such a System of Education will be of great Utility to the British Cavalry, and will ensure a considerable Diminution in the Expence thereof, by An Improvement in the Mode of treating Gun Shot

Wounds, and other Disorders of Cavalry Horses, which at present so often fall a Sacrifice to the Ignorance of those to whose Care they are intrusted, for the Convenience and Advantage of which Service the Petitioners offer a free Admission for One Pupil, from each Regimenc of Cavalry.in Great Britain, to attend at all Times, in future, the Leisures and Dif-sections of the Veterinary School; and that the College is now under the Direction of a Professor (Mr. Coleman) a Man of Science and Skill, and who, to the Advantage of a liberal Education, has added a fuc-cefsful Course of Study in the first Schools of Anatomy and Medicine, from his Abilities and Assiduity the most flattering Expedations are formed of diffuf. ing Veterinary Science throughout the Kingdom; but, in bringing the Institution to its present State, the Subscribers have had to combat and struggle with many Difficulties and Disadvantages, and experienced every Oppofuion that 'the infatuated Ignorance of Farriers, Grooms, &c. and the Caprice of Individuals, could raise or suggest; and, upon a Review of the actual State of the Finances of the College, it appears that the Expenditure has very considerably exceeded the Receipts, whereby the Establishment is encumbered with so considerable a Debt, that the Petitioners fear it will be impossible to bring the riling Institution to that State of Perfection which the National Welfare requires, or even to support the Establishment already formed without the Aid of Parliament; and that, to elucidate all these Matters more fully to the House, a correct State of the Establishment, Finances, Debt, and every Circumstance relating to the Institution, and necessary for Information, is prepared, and ready to be produced: And therefore praying, That such Relief may be granted, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for paving, c* lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing,

" and keeping in Repair, F Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other " Streets and Places communicating with, or near to,

the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same," and several other Owners, or Inhabitants, of Houses in the said Square, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but it is found that the Money thereby authorized to be raised is insufficienc to answer the several Purposes thereof; and that, in order effectually to enable the said Trustees to fulfil the useful Intentions of the said Act, it will be necessary that Power should be given them to raile a further Sum of Money, and to make a small Increase in the Rates or Assessments; and the said Act hath been, in some other Respeds, found defective, and requires Explanation and Amendment: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and rende/ more effectual, the said Act, under such Regulations as to the Hpyfc shall seem rpeer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the farfie, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Alderman Le Mefurier, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

i The

Firrfbtfry

Square Paving, Sc c. Petition*

London finall Dchn, &c« Petition.

TV. Lords hive agreed to

Yarmouth Badge and Got lefton Read fill!.

The Lords have paired

Cir.krien's Nat. Bill.

Van Yzen-doouTi Nat. Bill.

Puition to license The

P <v :t|ty Theatre.

164 6° Februarii A. 1795.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of Lbndon attended at the Door, they were called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Lon, in Common Council

assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the rc- covering of Small Debts, and for relieving the Poor Debtors in London," and an Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the said Act; and that an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests," and an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to extend the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act; and that the said Acts of the Third Year of King James the First, and the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, have been found dcfeftive and in-sufficientto answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further and other Provisions established for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said City; and it is also expedient that some Amendments and Alterations should be made in the Powers of the said Acts of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, so far as the Powers of the said Acts may, at any Time, have Eft'eft within the said City of London:And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Spranger;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act of the Fifteenth Year of His present Majt fty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of

South ¥own, otherwise Little , to Gorlefton,

in the Couniy of Suffolk', without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a'Sill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Christopher; to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Van Yzendoorn, an Infant of the Age of Twelve Years; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of David Steel, of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of F (quire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Theatre in Street, in the

Liberty of the Tower of London, was built7 in the Years 1785 and 1786 by Mr. Palmer, Cdmedian, at the Expence of J. 1^,000 and upwards, and licensed, by Hi' M j i‘y'< Justices, for Public Music, Dancing, and other Public Entertainments of the like Kind, and the Petitioner, ,1 the Year 1789, purchased the fame, and since expended several Sums of Money in improving the said Theatre, the Whole amounting to £. 10,000 and upwards; and that the Petitioner afterwards opened the said Theatre for Public Enter-

tainment with such Amusements as were authorized by the said Licence, but, finding he thereby incurred considerable Losses, he caused the same to be closed; and that the said Mr. John Palmer raised the Sum of £. 7,000, or thereabouts, by the Sale of Renters Shares, each Holder of which is entitled to free Admission to all Performances at the said Theatre, and also to a certain Annuity therefrom for Twenty-one Years from the Year 1787, who are also considerable. Sufferers; and that, if the Petitioner was enabled to open the said Theatre for the Purposes of the Drama, during the Summer Season, his own Losses, and those of the Renters, would be, in a great Degree, eompen-fated, apd the Petitioner apprehends the Public will receive a Benefit by such rational Amusements: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to feenfe, as a Play House, during the Summer Sealon, the said Theatre, commonly called The Royalty Theatre, in Well Street, in the Liberty of The Tower.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Colonel Duncan of

being offered to be prefenred to the House 4

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Concents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideradon of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, Thar, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to " the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain " Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Eftaces in " land, which were put under the Management of a " Board of Trustets by an Act, past'ed in the Twentyfifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, and to repeal the fame," it was enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to Colonel Duncan Macpherson, the Petitioner, only lawful Son of Ewan Macpherson, late of Cluny, and his Heirs and Assigns, all-and every the Lands and Estate which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the Attainder of the said Ewan Macpherson, now deceased, subject always to, and chargeable with, the Sum of J.5.138. 17 s. 1 iT7T<f. of a Penny Sterling, of Principal Money, to be paid into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as by the said Act is directed; and that from the Records of the Court of Session, and other authentic Instruments and Documents now remaining in the Couit of Exchequer in Scotland, it appears that the following Sums of Money, which belonged to Ewan Macpherson, of Cluny, the forfeiting Person, the Petitioner's bather, were recovered at the Suit of the Crown, and applied to the Use of the Public, viz.

J. s. d.

From James Macpherson, of

huntly, the Sum of — — 1,716 18 — £ and

From the forfeited Estate of Lcvat,

the Sum of — — 466 — 6

2,192 18 but

when the Act, of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, for restoring the said Estate to the Petitioner, was passed, the Debt6 due by the Petitioner's Father were stated at their full Amount, without giving him Credic for the above Two Sums, which were actually recovered, and received by the Public, out of his Estate, and ought to have been stated in Diminution of his Debt, and deducted from the Amount thereof, whereby the aforesaid Sum of £.5,138. 17 j. uJTd. directed to be paid by the Petitioner upon the Refto-

ration

Colonel Mac*

pheifin/s

Petiiiou.

Burnley and Bury Road Petition*

35 Geo. III. 6° Februa 165

ration of his Estate of Cluny, would have been reduced and diminiftied by the Receipt and Amount of the above Two Sums, and Interest since the same were respectively recovered j and that, by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, it was also enacted, "That all Engagements which have already " been come under by the Board (the Board of Trustees for managing the annexed F.stares) and have been confirmed by Royal Warrant before the " passing of this Act, shall be fulfilled,* and carried into Execution, and the Lord Chief Baron, and M other Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, shall <( issue Warrants for Payment of the fame, and of the Expences of passing this Act, and of the aforesaid " Sums, to the Officers, out of the first and readied " of the said Sums coming into their Hands, and " lodged in rite said Royal Bank, or Bank of '* or in any of the Public Funds, as aforesaid," and the said Board of Trustees, by their Resolution, dated 4th August 1783, Resolved, rhac the Sum of 500

" should be allowed to Colonel (the Pe-

u titioner) for the Purnofe of erecting certain specific u Buildings, to be paid when their F unds will admit,

" he producing proper Vouchers for the Applica- tion and that the Petitioner immediately proceeded in the erecting of those Buildings, agreeably to the Direction of the Trustees, and he has now in his Possession all the requifue and necessary Vouchers to prove that the said Sum was actually laid out and expended by him, under the Authority of the above-mentioned Minute of the Board of Commissioners, but, by some Midakeor Delay on their Pan, the same was not presented for His Majesty's Rov d Confirmation previous to the passing the above-mentioned Act For a Restoration of the Estate, whereby the Petitioner has not hitherto been repaid the said Sum of 500, pursuant to the Resolution of the Board of Commissioners, and the true Spirit and Meaning of the said Act of the Twenty-fourth of His prefmt M jedy in Part above recited: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the aforesaid Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of Fiis present Majesty, as charges the Estate of Cluny with a Debt of £. 5,138* 17 s. 11 Sfd.upon the Restoration thereof to the Pe-

titioner, and that no greater Sum may be charged thereon than what shall appear to be justly due after Deduction erf the Sums actually received by the Public from James A aepherson, of and the

Estate of Lovat,in Satisfaction of the Debts due by them respectively to Ewan , the forfeiting

Person, with Interest thereof since the same were received and allowed, and that the aforesaid Sum of f. 500 laid out and expended by the Petitioner, under the Authority of the above recited Minute of the Board of Commissioners for the Management of the annexed Estates, may be repaid to him in the Manner prescribed by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ppon his producing the proper Vouchers of the Application thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants of the Townships of Habergbam,

Has/lon, Dunnockjhatv BoothHigher

Vol. L.

Booths, Coufs, Lynch, Newball Hey, and Hall Carr, and

Tottington Higherend,within the Parishes of

and Bury, in the County Palatine of , and

Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Townships, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Road leading from the said Town of Burnley, into the T urnpike Road leading from Blackburn, through Haslingden, to Busy, in the said County, is very much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, diverted, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course if Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to firing in a Bill for amending, widening, diverring, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in inch Manner, and under such Regulations-and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thd Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wigley, Mr. Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet upon Morning

next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees^ appointed for carrying Bedford anJ into Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year Ampthill, &c* of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act tionf* P*W*

" for repairing and widening the Road from Stall Gate Close, at the South West End of the Town of " Bedford, to the Town of Amptbill, and from the said " Town of Amp thill to Woburn Park, in the County of Bedford, and also the Road branching out of the " same in Kempflon Field, to the Turnpike Road lead-

" ing from Hitcbin to the said Town of and

also of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read 5 Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the Lid Roads, which, together with the Money arising by the Tolls, have been duly laid out according to the Directions of the said Act; and that it would be for the Benefit of the Public, if the Course of the said Turnpike Road was altered so as to lead from the End of Ridgmont Town, through the Parish of Husband Crawley, or through the Common Fields of Ridgmont and Husband Crawley, as may, upon a Survey to be taken, be found most convenient, to the Town of Woburn, in the said County, instead of leading from the End of Ridgmont Town to Woburn Park Gate, and there end as it doth now; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed thereon cannot be repaid, or the said Turnpike Road kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act* and for altering the Course of the said Roads, and improving and repairing of the fame, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- amine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord William Russell, Mr. St»

John, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa# pers, and Records.

U u thtf

166 6° Februarii, A,' 1795,

Ord»r for 'The House was moved. That the Petition of Henry JBrigftcck'and of Buccleuch, James Earl of Cardigan, Edward

Bunion, In- Earl Beaulieu, and John Earl of Upper Offory, Baron UpperOf[oy, of Ampthill, and the humble Petition of «d, and Pen. Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, and of the several other a^ommUtee*0 ^er*"ons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in and

Stanion, in the County of Northampton, and of certain Pieces of Commonable Lands, called The Great and Little Green in Sudhorough, in the same County, and also Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements entitled to Common Rights in Geddington Chafe, and in the Haye or Walk of Farmingwcods in the Forest of Rockingham, in the said County of Northampton, which was ptefented to th,e House upon Wednesday last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon WedneJdaylaft, for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Powys, Mr. Dickins, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morhing next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to fated. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons

or Waste Lands in the Township of ,in the County of Flint: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Petition from City of York, was presented to the House, and read; ,t|,*nC'o0fr^^ Setting forth. That the Petitioners, always anxious to Uii

prove their (leady Attachment to His Majesty and His w"r' Family, and their great Veneration for, and constant Solicitude to preserve our excellent Constitution as established at the Glorious Resolution, cannot but deplore the evil Consequences of War in general, and more particularly the disastrous Effects of that in which we are now unhappily engaged: And therefore praying,

That disclaiming all Right of interfering in the internal Concerns of France, the House will be pleased to ' adopt such Means, as they in their Wisdom shall think proper, for promoting a speedy and honourable Peace between Great Britain, and those with whom this Country is at present unfortunately at War, that being a Measur which the Petitioners are convinced is elTential to the Commerce and Prosperity of the Empire,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. , Account#?

Secretary to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, attended at the Door; he was called of N»tion*l in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant D«btp«kpwd. to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account,is as followeth; viz.

The

gth Year.

The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt*

g

CQ'

N

CD

Q_

cr

Dr'. 9 Old South Sea. New South Sea South Sea 1751* Confold 3 per Cent. Reduced 3 per Cent, a.

>794- 31st Quarter. Cash received. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital- Price, Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Total Capital Cash paid.

bo1.

Jan, To 99 and 96 Anni 5.720 3 7

— Quarterly Issue 2 50,000

i Dividend on Cnnfol* 72,900

D° on New S° Sta 22,425

D°on S.Sea.lJS I — Loan 1793 — 6,735 46,875 6,300 68*. 5.118 15

F<h. 4. By Stock bo1 - — — 68J: 4»*9> 17 6 7,5 00 — — — — 13,800 0,410 12 6.

5* Ditto - 1 — — — 13,*00 6S 67 9*373 - 13,800 9373

6. Ditto - — - — 13,800 °7s i 9 273 - 13,800 9»273

7- Ditto - — - — 1 3 800 °7j 6-i 9 *63 5 — — — 6, — 13,800 9,203 5 —

ii. Ditto - — 1 14 000 9 4*5 - 14 000 9.415

IZ. Ditto - — - — 14 000 67J i 9-43« 5 — — — — 14 000 9.43* 5 —

13. Ditto — — . — — — 8,000 671- 5.380 - 0 C0J 67i 4. 35 - 14,000 9,415

14. Ditto — — — 2,400 671 1,617 wmm mm - — 11 600 66'- 7*7n3 *5 — r — — — I4.000 9>36o 15 —

18. Ditto - — - — 14,000 66J 9.302 10 — — — — I4.OO0 9 362 10 —

19* Ditto - — - — 14,000 66| 4 9 340 — — . — — — 14,000 9 34°

20. Ditto - — - — 14,000 66J. 9 2 )2 lO — — — — 14.000 9,292 1 *j —

21 . Ditto - — — . - - 14,000 66 £ 9*^5 - 14 000 9.275

25‘ Ditto - — - — 14.000 66- 9 *: 5 7 10 — — — — 14,000 9.257 10 —

26. Ditto — ' - — - 14,000 66 9,240 - 14,000 9,240

*7- Ditto — — — , — — — , — — ► — — — — 14 000 66^. 9,257 10 — — — — 14,000 9,257 10 —

iHar. 4. By Stock ber — —; — .: — — 2,000 6s! l>5lS - 12,100 7.9° *7 0 — — — 14 100 9 285 17 6

6. Ditto - — 14,100 60 9,306 - 14, IOO 9»3o6

7* Ditto — — — 4,100 67 2*747 - — 10,000 66J 6,637 10 1 — — — — I4.I00 9.384 10 —

li. Ditto . — — — —: - — — — 14,000 6760 9,376 5 — — — — 14,000 9 376 5 —

12. Ditto - 14,000 67 9 380 - — 14,000 9 38°

13. Ditto - — - I l,8co 9 33* 5 — — — — ' 13,800 9'332 5 —

14. Ditto - — — — I- — — — — 13,800 6-J r>8« 9 390 lO — — — — 13,800 9,390 10 —

18 Ditto - — — — MM — — — 13.700 9 247 10 — — — — 13.700 9,247 10 —

19 Ditto — . - T — 13.600 6k 9 -48 — . -M — — — 13,600 9,248

20. Ditto - — - — 13,700 671 9 281 15 ' — — — 13,700 9,281 15 —

21. Ditto - — - — 13,700 f'i 1 9 25* 5 — — — — 13,700 9'251 5 ~

26. Ditto - — - — 13 700 9,281 15 — — — — 13,700 9,281 15 —

27 D i t to — — — — ' — — — 7 ‘ 1,000 6?i 675 12,700 6-i s , 1 H 8,;K; 17 ' 6 — — — 13 7"° 9,260 17 6

28. Di to - r __ — — MM M. — — 13,800 67k i 9'3Z9 '> — — — — 13 boo 9.3^ I3 MM

-df/r. 1. By Stock bo1 - — - 13,700 b;l 0,264 12; 6 — — — 13,706 9,264 12 6

2. Ditto - — - M- 13,800 6-1 9 3*5 - 13,800 9*315 — -

3 Ditto - — — — ' — C MM — — -M 13,800 6?^ 9*3 5 — — — 13,800 9.315

4- Ditto — . - — — ~ — — mm 13,800 7k 9.35 - 13.800 9.3 15

8. Ditto — — — — , — — t - — 13,800 6; I 6->I > ' 4. 6 9,366 15 ' — — — — 13, Sco 9,366 15 —

9 Ditto - . - — — 13.800 9-355 >5 — — — ' — 13,800 9.355 15 —

10. Ditto - — i — — — ~M — mm 13,800 68 9>384- - 13,800 9,384

11. Ditto - — . - mm 13,800 9.4°' 5 — — — — 13,800 9,4°! 5 —

15* Ditto - — - — 14,000 68 i 9-59° - 14,000 9*59°

16 Ditto — i — — n - 13,900 9,608 7 > 6 — — — *3 9°° 9,608 7 6

»7- Ditto - 8,003 5>5l° — — 5,000 68 f 3.443 *f —: i *144 69 ()»?. 789 3 ! 7 — — — 1+.14+ 9>742 i* 7

23. Ditto — t — — 1 — — — 4. 1 „ — mm — — . 13,500 Z'i 9,6l8 I5 — — — »3 5co 9,618 15 —

24. Ditto — — -J — -» i — — — — 13,606 7°i 7* 9 652 1$ — — j 13,006 9 652 15 —

29. Ditto - 5,100 7 3»6ot 17 6 — — —: 8.600 7°i 6,084 10 — — — " j 13-79° 9 686 7 6

30. By Stock bot — > 2,700 7° 1,89 3 — — , — — — 1 11,100 7°{ 7,825 10,) — — — 13,800 9,715 10 —

Total 31- — i 4^.655- 3 7 9,200 — ... 6,25 I ~ 23,100 — 15,806 17 6 12,306 1 1 ~L — 8,410 1(2 6 s65.35° — 382,183 1.; 7 — — - T 609,950 4'*-655 3 7

Os

s»

35 Geo. III. 6° F.

0\d Seath Sea. *'1 New Semtb Sea. ] Stab Sea 1751. 1 Consol* 3 per Cent. I Reduced, $ per Cent.

168

4

n

(J

6° Februa.

1795.

! 11'011111111111* r 111*11 r'0111111211111 r h i

w U-»N j uv o o 000\0*«sn| »aO »ann ir> */V J NiaO I u> ‘«NN VnH IA |

a> UN to ro lAVQ un HI lAOO ** W ^30 Ov * la> * laxOO VO OC InVO '«h — f^O 00 VO Ux 0 Lax >«f- * In + Cn OOD OO

N*- IN 'xf- Lrv -rf- 1^ O tS LaxOO 0\O LA* la, O O' N ia CN - VO — N 'A O VO — CA — ro m la, po - O — K O N <<t-xO OV

OO OO 00 00 00 00 OQQ q> CA QnOO 0° Ov OvOO 00 00 I'^OO O' In CO OQ l>> InOO Ox O Q 0x00 00 OO Ov Ox OvOO 00 OOxO NN

00 00 oo' CO 00 oo* SO* 00 00 °® o® °o" 00000000 OO 00* 0© 00 °© 00 0® 00 °0 OO 00 0000Ox OvOO 0O~ OO 00 OO* 00 Of 00 00' OQ 90 OxOQ 00

IN,

m

VO

rr>

OB

3-

d

o

888888888888888K88888888888888888£888888888888

X^iAtAVAOXUMAlAKN IN.VO vQ In N ^">0 xa ia va Xrt lA UX b In IN (nCO W »ata fA rA W Q O

« N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N W

lIII'°lllvo'°IIIII

o N IaO »ANN j j »A »A

1! 111111111 r 11111 111111111111

o A 00 0Q (\ INOO X N In In OQ O' C FA

N 00 N 00 00 % P0 OQ OC OQ Q\00

VO

IN.

M

IN.

NO

00

VO

11111111111111111 111 11 "I

In. In.

VC. vO

«!♦ I |S>*

so

a 'i. m (J OOOOQOOOOQOOOO OOOOQOOOO 1111111111111111 O . O 8

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 % FA UN vO 'S

3

o.

11 I'® 11111111111'0'0

XA tA N XA IA O O *A»A O O ON

A IA FF' N FA Uxvo »A#A FA LA 00 < — »A FA00 VO I W- r + O ' O N »A I a 00 O'VO ‘A^OOOO I 00 00 00 rrxoo 00 O'00 Ov Ov Cf 00 00 Ox ©vCO VO

00 00 oo* ob 00 00 OO 00 0Q* GO 00 00 00 oo 00 00

I C , |VOO |NO JVO I 2 fN N Ur' M ly\ ft

I I I I I I I I I I I I I =^£2 z$z ^s:rr 3.°

OQI 00 O' OV ON00 OO 0x9x0 InvO

fl© 00 00 OC oo" CO 00 0(5 00 00" 00 pxOO vp

3

"3.

Ft

u

n5

*1

M

o~oooo-~-ooool I NNNNNKNNNNJSN r, in N N N

I I I I I I I I I I I I I *lWKliH«HHM|eDMkOM^e

I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 VO XAiAXA K K In SO o fN 00 fN IN,

vOvO'OxoNOvO'OVO'C'OvOvO'Ov

OOOOQOQOOOO^O OOoOOOONO lAlAlA9x>A«AlAlANrN tNXO vo fN In fax I I

N fl N 00 N N N N N N N N «' N N *

O wsO oooo

I I I I I I I I I I I I I

*A FA FA FA PAs FA (A FA PA FA CA FA CAj Q\

'O

N

I I I 2111111111111121

▼ on

11II1111II11111111 III 111111

8

I I I 8.1 I I I I I I I I I I I I S.I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1

o

1

8

I I I 11 I I I I I I II I I I I £1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

1 1 >0

1 2 H

11 Ul 111111111 1 1 =£1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 w 00 INI Ox In mt

M t

1 1 1 R 1 1 1 1 1 1 II i 1 1 1 8.2.1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I 1

Capital. 111? 111111111111 Hi111111111111111111111111111 1 l/>

1

S

1

J

1

3

t:

4-

ON

fN

1 1 1 1

1 O 0

8,1 'SJ 1 1 I 1 -1 1 1 1 1 fcl

VO O NO NO IA * 'O.

1 m 111 m 11 m m 1 o m 11 isi 1111*11111111111111

rN Vp NO

111111 ill 11111111111 J-1111 jji 1111511111111111111

o

o

Nlal 11 1 1

1 1 1 O IA

O 00 p O lax O ♦1 lAp O M Q VO H N OV

tNVO 0 t^xsO 0 vq M

FA+PN LAX O N M M LAX n LAX Ov N

1-1 §£§ 3 ?" 1 " 111111 " 11111111 > 1111111111111111111111

i2,&£> 1 1 -TVs I I 1 I I 1 I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 I

«^2 I «o

«Jl 1 sti 'si1 I 1 I I 1 II I ( 1 I I 1 !| J I I I I I I I I I 12 1 I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I*

oJl5* ^1TsT!0g *8 IS #

?DW 22 S 2 2 °222S 8SS2w22 ®£ 2 ® 22 22*2S2282S S2 5 »22 2° °l

o , . tg 3;.i-o ".s".5.2,s.:.:.s.5",s! x.3.5.s.;.a.2.S.r,5,s.5 k.b|.«.s.5.= s.5.5.s.: S s s 2 5"

H 1 I JCffl QinQQQQQQQOOQflQQflOBflflflRQQOClflQQBQlSQQflQQQOQQboQ'aQ

V.

NO ^.00 QsA4- i^sq 6 *j N FA r>» 9 uv>P h m t % oi 6x 6 m»o n «o ^oo cS o v^vo tl.^ ^~hTdv o

N (>

1

e/

N

3

O

t-

35 Geo. III.

JQ

'sJ

_ X)

6° Februa.

VO I VO VO o 6 6 VO 1

N I N NN O N H tx O

- 1 *

NO On ix f^N fANO lx itnnO no t*

M O t- On On N O O

I I I I ° fx j N (AO N M N

°ir

iaQ N

o VO 'O M N N

_ - - _ _ ,^"0O WN N w K + i-N NN iaiaN M'Nn - OSO - N C O l\XO '0'0"*t-

°® °o rxoo oo oo oo oo ix rx rx ixc© oo ixoo oo oo oo oo ixno rx ix ixoo oo oo oo ixoo oo ix yu x oc oc oo oooo oo cn c> O Ouma co cc co oo oo oo ao oo oo oo oo oo ao go ocToo 00 00 00 00 00 00" 00 00* 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 oc 00" oc CO OO 00 00 00" 00 00 00 00 00* OnX 00* 00'

o o o o o

K

M N

<8

V.

v»

A.

TJ

rt

c.

M

E

9

M

I I I IM I I I I I I I I IS I 1 I ! I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

u

o

0$

111111111 i 1 i 11 m 11111 111111111111! 1 1111111111111

3

5*

u

111111 ill 11111 m 111111111111111m 111111111 m 111

a

s

a

C-I

(O

O SO^OVC j nC O |

N NNH o N N O

'0III'0IIIIII|'0IMIIIII'01I'C'0III'°M"SIS0

m O N O IA N | o K «^NN j iaO N N N

VO r^vo n0vO 0

N O N 0\ Ov N O N N 00 X N N 1x00 XXX o N

_ * (S tX K. *uO NVO OvVO N Q\ Ov M N N X UN TO N O N tx

r On — -« n N + K N - N I On O — — — 00 vQ rxOQ >0 + - >0 'O '»*

COOOOvOOOOp

1 % . ixoo N o 00 00 00 00 00 rxvO >o rxoo oo oo oo oo ixoo oo ixoo oo oo Onto n x x on Ono CO' ix OO 00 00' NO ^00 4*00 00 00 00 do NO 00 N00* OlT 00 00 00 0* 00 00* 30* 00 00 VQ* 00 CO 00 00 00 00 Q\ZC oo CO

VO

to

*0

To

c

o

<5

o

cC

f'N

00 Mir* I

ts rx rs rx h k h, i\ t\ 'O'O'OO'O'O'OO'O

N N I'O'OO'O'OsO'OnO'O'OO tT u-> ...

>00 nono'O'OO'O'O'O'OnonOnC'O'O'O'C'O'C'O'O'O'OvO'OvO'O'O T*" vQ -O 'O nO l/> nO 'O n n

VO VO

c-

U

8 0 0 0 0 0OOO irNOQQOOOOQOQoOOOO‘»00 0 000

OOOOQO trNOOOOt'vOpOOOO*

1 " *1 1 ® V O, I — n <T‘ T N >C tx tx ix lx «x O 000 ON fxoo itn ON Is

wiAtn^^ «nwO I > m to OvO «^n n wfAtntn^.^wO* e?> t* n «n ia n n n

NO

T

WN

4

tJ

a

c.

e

3

wn

I I I I I I I I I I i I I I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 111 I I I I I I I 1

o\

vO

On

c

u

c

a.

1111111111111111111111111111111111111 m 111111111

3

‘E.

V

1111111111111111111111111111111111111 m ! m 111111

1 NO 1 1 1 OS 1 1

g 1 tx o m o 1 00 1 ia *

2. 3 1 1 1 1 1 I 1 3 1^1 rx = 1 1 rx I£I NO 8*11 11^1 1* On 111111111 ml 1111 M vO

A N 00 4 ei

4

1

N

«o

2

8

111111 mvrm 11 isrm 111 i^i^i 11111 i111111*11111 m i

NO NO VO VO NO VO 'O

3

a.

n

V

8 . 8 . 8 ..... 8 . |

o o o

1111111 °-\1 111 £|J| 1111 ;*! 111111111111511 > 11111

o

lx

4

<0

-a

O

sL

c

a.

On

co,

I I I I I I I I I 1 I I I I I 3-1 I I I I I I I I I I I I II I M I I I I I I I M I I I I I I

NO

ON

00

N

'"t*

NO

I I I I I I I I I I I I l£l I I I I I I I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I M I I I I I I I I

C-

rz

u

rS

v

s

n

u

1111111111111115511; 111111111111111111111111111111

o

LTN

On

I I *" I I -

I " I m I I *

O na ia O ^N ir «4*

O O Cn N M

O O r - (N. O O lx

o NO VO A ♦A lx 4*

M rn — N 00

N

1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111

111 — 11 111111111 1111111111111111111111111 II1111111111 111

1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I |3 I t |.| 1 1 I |2 I I I I I I I I I I III I I M

0^-3 Q ^00 l?5 2222222288 2 2 J>S222S2222222222<o222222°22222 2 2 5 2

u

O

c/

On

lx

vo «^-oo m + * fi *o rV oo d\wi+iAO\d n \o r-o» o\ *> 4- ^v'A 6 «i «»> i^ai 6 N" J*

---- MMNMMMM . ----- - - M . ----- NNN«Wrr,rr>

> 5

Vol, L.

Ctopgle

Old South Sea. New South Sea. I $out^ $ea *7S * Consol*. 3 per Cent« Reduced 3 /cr Cr#/.

170

a

a.

<S

P9

u

-i

tr

Sl»

H -

cu

VI

E

°i I. I I I M

On I o N o

M I

WCOMOP*.CWONO\ co r^vO vO H" * O O N

t^> 1^. r>. r^O KvO noo

1 i I

2 if |

o

6° Februarii.

| VO J vO vO OSO I vO |

| |NONN00N|nia|O|

U> O OOOO IAN»* wo W NS'*' -M .. - - - - --- , -

rs» O VO O N W N N IAO co * N rs ONVO O T*-\0 00 00 VO r* 'P ±T‘ H* 50

r-oo \q i-.nO r^o i^O rv 00 00^ On 00 o non© r>. r>.oo 0000 O T ‘C

r£. corococo^^NCorocococococococococnr^rorocococococococococOco'sr-Tt-co

*795

1111" 111 n 11* 1 m

I o n^o «o to o 22 I ^ 2

M N * — N« WNO NO\^ *W00 to 0 H*

OwO + t>s Ov co ts. to

Irww

CAQO vO to — O conO

ON — OO CM

vS ?*♦

OQOOOO CsOOOO VO N T v-rssO IN.VO >* w

doddddodo

MHMNNNtiNN

8 000000000000000000000000000000000 00000totn000000000000000000000000'20

o o O ~ N to to N wwnO n Win^N Ooo o 00 00 CO O O 0 O — N to '*£ ^-O

0000

N N N

O 6 O O o O o o

HN«Nnm(4

SnnUwnnhn

M N N N N d «4 H

N N N N M N N N N

O to 0 O 't — t tA

on no n* on

K - On H* to on o Q\vO *r\\o

I I I I I I I I I I I'0

I 2 ^2 2r| 2 S'

i I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I If I I I

O NVO w *^>00 O NO N O "* co ^vC c* vO^> N rN.\Q vO I^VO N >© to 00 0\0 NO H* *1

H 6\ ~ co On o coOO fno N

I I I I I 1 I I I i I I l£

a,

co to to

M

*09 to I WN N |

ro O M

K

3.^ IT

©n

to

OO

OO

to

N

I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I l 1 1 1 l

1 1 1 1 1 B 1 vO'O'OvO'O'OnO'OOnOnOvO

r»!»

H*

VO

111111

a.

u

8*

o

o O o O Q O O

" " ~ ~ O O O

oogog - '00

II I I Mill I I I III Ml II 1 1 1 1 1 n 1 I I*

° o o

to o o

q q <* I

Lo CO sO

to cosO - NO

a| |vo , To 1 1 1 1 1« 1«« II1111 1 1 1 1 1 co no

On O N o to to to fN. o r||1^222 to O to to O 1 mm mm O N J vO VO N CO N CO

s. VI g N wH O NWiO N On co t^NO no H- - O O N |s N N fNNO tNNO r^OO M N CO to to O OO VO I^N 1 OvNN O O mo N 1 VO tN t^CO (J O N N 1II11111111 1 M |S- WNO 1 VO CWNO ,0" 00 NO tN w> r % &>O0 oo fN. On H* H'OO to O co jn.n'O HOn N n (n In (N On N N m loN CO O H* M OO OnO N« n n *

1 COCOCOCOCOtOtOCOCO CO WWW w« W CO W w dv w co to co CO CO N CO M CO OO CO O N «i O oo

f + — + tN W

V® VO K NSO NO NO vi|«x 00 00 00 00 Os OO NO K I I II I I II I I I 1*0 j? v?

VO'O'OvOvOO'Ovo nOn© 0|»'0 <0 vO O vO VO VO VO NO nC vO VO vO VO vO vO NO

NO . ________________________

»i|n«niaeWK ►* )w»n)» m M M CO N

\Q vO O NO nO

1111

§ToT8T8p8

VO N Hh to\6 in no Hr

d o o a o o o o o

o o g o 0

O O _ _ O000000«>N OOOO O - N to to

do*'

N

O Q o O Q O O O O 5 00 00 00 o o

88

80000 o o y, tA

O O N to to _ WWOTWUVJW"

d ovo ddd l dvN n n n

N N n n N H 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 N*NhN

- tq „ _

*< N OO N n M N m M M

O too O

H in

N O' N W in N W in to — 1 ONO

VO vO to to

t3

CU

1 1 1 so* 1

o M to III 1 to to N N 1 - - - wv

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 -I 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 oil VO VO 00 o 00 mm M«

H- 00 00 ON CO sf M- - co oo to od

u

flu

u

3

1

S'

u

0

3

3

o

111111111 I 111111111l>l11111111111111111u1111

1111

8

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I °-l I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I ?l I I I

QOOOO I OQOO H" O N w

*S

pv cn H- n

1 On

1 oo

2.1 1 *v 1 H*

fs N NO CO M

I I

O O ~ I G\

1

111111111 1 1111 s 111 ?r 111111111111 ? 1 S' 1111111« 11

On covO vO . i

09 *- N N o

CO N Onn© N wnNO N

H- rs. - oo^ NO

ifN W ^-in

M N mm sS'

11 r r 1

111111111 1 111 i$i 1151111111111111 a 1 s.i 11111 iji 1

O

o

0000 to to O O

NO NOVm

00 to t/N CO

cn co n

VO VO l r 1 11 mi On

N H O m 1 11 l00"!; CO

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 § 1 00 1 8J ° 1 *8 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 — CO - N N H* try H- o tot too On n to CO

pm N H* to CO H o ^*o 1 N H-

mill! II I I I I I n I I IJIJIJI^IJI^I I I I II IN III I I

I I I I

8 o o 8 o o . o o O O . ° °

*c 1 to 1 "C 1 ? q 1 oo o

mm CO ' vo to 00 1 H1 M

OOOO O to O O nO On n n

- ~ On

I I I I I - I

I "I = I I. M

*99XXVZ % z\ I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

O to^O nono CO O VO " - .

OnnO H- tN On co fN. co

» > c n

O W N to Os to O

in m in H m O H

M N

CN " 0t> M - co O VO H" H"

I I I-® I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 I I M I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 I M 1 I I I I

> a Q 3

11111111 1111111111111111111111111 < 1111111111

g o><! % w — i» *S

h * Sc"2--c°00000000 O OOOO^OOOO-OOOOw

5 S .5.5.5 ^.5.5.5 H .5.5.5.5.5.5.5.5.5 *: t: .2 ti n - r

11 ii

c^, - -

rn N — CO w w CO

o

H

'on

NO o vO (s »- n w 4- od On 6 1^.00* N co 4- to On O 4 N'd c4» ON W 4 6 4 N

4* M N 1 N H H N N , Vi «s

On fs <5

An ACCOUNT of the Officers for the Reduction of the National Debt, and of the Annual Allowance settled by the Commissioners of the Treasury for their Service. Pains, and Labour in performing the Trust severally reposed in them.

Secretary - 500 — —

Agent - 200 — —

Broker , 400 — —

Clerk - 80 — —

Messenger - 50

An ACCOUNT of Incidental Charges.

jC* S‘

Stationary, and Incidental Charges — — 25

Ordtreiy

An ACCOUNT of Expired Terms and Annuities

1777 Annuities — 25,000 — —

99 and 96 D* — — — - 54>88o 14 4

Unclaimed — — — — 24,63.8 12 —

Expired — — — — 9,060 16 9

£ 1 3>58o 3 *

ACCRUING INTEREST.

On £.15,321,450 Capital

- — £

456,643 10 —

W. Pin. r. Walker. Gods» Thornton. D. G iles.

5 Geo. III. 6°

Return to

Order for Account of Corn, ice, used in the Distilleric*, presented.

Winttrborne Earl*, fiff, him closure Bill presented.

Bill for prohibiting the Export of Grain, and peunit ing the import \iion of Grain amt Ph>-▼ifious, reported.

Marine Mu^ tiny Bill committed.

Bill for rendering effectual certain Order* in Council respecting the Admiinon of Effefti, committed.

Petition from the Boat d of Agriculture.

I72

6° Februarii.

J. 1795

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Return to the Order of the House for an Account of the Quantities of Corn, Grain, Flour, Malt, and Bran, used in the Distilleries of this Kingdom, from the 1 ft of ‘January 1790 to the ift of January 1795, or as far as the ftme can be made up; distinguishing the different Sorts of Corn and Grain.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Membeis of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hujfey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Earls and

Allington, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for prohibiting the Export from of any Article of

Grain, and for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom of all Articles of Grain, and other Provssions, Duty free, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qurftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroftfed.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council, of the i6ch and aift of January 1795, respecting the Admission of the Effects mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be warehoused, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly'!

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon (he said Bill.

A Petition of the President and Members of the Board of Agriculture, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said

Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House. j

Then the said Petition was brought up., and read;

Setting forth, That His Majesty, having been graciously pleased, in consequence of an Address from this Fioufe, to constiture, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, a Board of Agriculture, for promoting the internal Improvement of the Country, the Petitioners have much i-atisfadVion in acquainting the House, that the important Purposes intended by that Institution arc likely to be carried into full Effect: And therefore praying, That they may be supported by farther Grant for the prefenc Year.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income and Expenditure of the Board ©t Soiril of of Agriculture, for the Year 1794. Ag:icuitu«

0 9 T orueicd.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Petition from Borough of Southvaark, convened by the public Ad-

© . ' . ©I Swtithwirk

vertisement of the Bailiff of the said Borough, was t-cfpe&in* tfc* presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That War* the Petitioners, sincerely and awfully affected by a due Sense of the trying and momentous Circumstances tinder which they now appeal to the Wisdom, and to the Feelings, of their Constitutional Representatives the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, find it their bounden Duty to give their Opinion upon the present alarming State of Public Affairs, with all the Frankness and Explicitness which the Cr fis demands — and, First, the Petitioners freely and zealously declare their true and unlhaken Attachment to the Monarch on the Throne and to His Royal Family, and their firm Determination to support the genuine Principles of this most excellent Constirution, should any Attempt, from whatever Quarter, whether Foreign or Domestic, be made to subvert it: In revolving, however, the Events of the present War with France, the Petitioners, with the deepest Concern, have observed, that the uniform Bravery manifested by the Fleets and Armies has, in no Respect, advanced the presumed Object of the War, and now less than ever appears likely to attain it: The Consideration of the Disasters and Defeats which have lately attended the unsupported Efforts of the British Arms on the Continent is, in the Minds of the Petitioners, bitterly aggravated by the Reflection, that those Allies, whose Councils and Resentments first engaged us in the Contest, have wrung from the Creduficy and Confidence of the generous and industrious People of Great Britain large Sums of Money, for which, in Violation of all Faith, no adequate Service appears to have been performed or attempted: In the Events of a Campaign so unparalleled in Calamity, the Petitioners, among other fatal Consequences, perceive a large Addition to the existing National Debt, the speedy Dimir.ution of which has been long held forth to the Petitioners ' and to the Country as a Measure indispensably necessary to the Maintenance of the Constitution, as weil as to the Credit, of Great Britain: Under the increasing Pressure of such Burthens, the Petitioners are convinced, however highly they are disposed to estimate the Fortitude and Loyalty of all Descriptions of their Countrymen, and however readily they admit the temporary Advantages which both the General Commerce and the Public Funds of this Country may have derived from the Terrors or Calamities of other Nations, that the Consequences of persevering in the present destructive War mult tend rapidly to depress and ruin the Occupations of useful Labour and profitableTn-duftry, and ultimately to destroy the only true Sources of the Nation's Power, our Trade, our Commerce, and our Manufactures: Under this impression, the 7 Petitioners

35 Geo. Ill,

Petitioners are compelled to turn their Thoughts, most seriously and eagerly to the only real Remedy for the Evils they apprehend. Peace; for, in the Tranquillity, the civilized Intercourse, and the Commercial Prof-perity of the surrounding Nations of Europe, the Petitioners conceive, the Commercial Interests of Great Britain can alone find their Interest and Support; in the Purfuits of Vengeance or Ambition, in Wars and Camps, in Desolation and Bloodlhed, evert were the Conted attended with temporary Success, the Result-to a Country, circumstanced as this is, mutt be National Bankruptcy and ultimate Ruin: On these Grounds, the Petitioners humbly but didinftly pray, That the House, disclaiming every Pretence of Right on< the Part of Great Britain to create, or correct a Government for France, and disregarding whatever is, or may be, the Title or Condruftion of the ruling Power; which either does or may exist in that Country, will earnestly adopt the most effectual Means for recommending an immediate Negociation for Peace, on Terms confident with the Honour and Security of the British Empire: And the Petitioners further allure the House, that if, contrary to the Hopes of the Petitioners, Motives of inordinate Ambition or of implacable Re-fentment, however ralhly and improvidently excited in the Mind of the Enemy, should render it impodible to obtain a Termination of Hodilities upon safe and honourable Terms, the Petitioners will be found among the readied of His Majesty's loyal Subjects, to Hand forward to the lad Means of Exertion in Defence of their Country, or to perish with its Fall.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Qtieftioa pit- A Motion was made, and the Quedion being pro-

respe&n|*a posed. That this House, considering that, in the Sup-

Negociation port which it has given to His Majesty in the Prose-

for Peace. cution of the present War, it has, at no Time, had any other Object but to redore to these Kingdoms the Blessings of an equitable Peace: That, with a view to accomplish this humane and delirable End, every formal Difficulty which may dand in the Way of a Pacific Negociation with the Power with which we are at War, ought in the fird Indance, to be removed; and that, without some Acknowledgement of the Ex-idence of a competent Power in France, with which His Majesty may negociate and conclude a Treaty of Peace on jud and reasonable Terms for both Parties, there can be no Termination of the present War but in the Destruction of One of them; considering further, that the Exidence of such a competent Power in France has been directly acknowledged by several of the Powers of Europe, as well as by the United States of America, with all of whom, during the present War, France has maintained the accudomed Relations of Peace and Amity; and considering also, that the Exidence of such a competent Power in France has been, in various Indances, virtually admitted, even by the Belligerent Powers themselves, some of whom have entered into Public Resolutions to make Overtures for Peace, is of Opinion, that the Government now exiding in France, is competent to entertain and conclude a Negociation for Peace with Great Britain;

And the previous Quediop being put. That that Quedion be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

!Mr. Grey, "1

Mr. JVbitbread, 60. Junior: J

Tellers for <he Noes. >9°-

So it passed in the Negative.

Vot.L.

*73

A Petition of 'Thomas Morgan, John Morris, and Sw.mf-a Light Calvert Richard Jones, Esquires, on Behalf of them- HouicPetiuon* selves, and other Trustees for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, was prefen ted to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That by an Act, made in the Thirty-fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the said Harbour, it was, amongd other Things enacted, That the Trustees, thereby appointed, should have Power to erect a sufficient Building at or near The Mumbles, within the said Port of Swansea, for keeping a Coal, or other Light, and to cause such Light to be kept burning, in the Manner, and for the Purposes therein ‘ set forth; and that such Building hath been erected, and Coal Eights have been kept so burning, which hath been of gijeat Public Service, bur, it having been found from Experience, that the Powers given by the said Act do not effectually enable the said Trustees to support the fame, even in its present State, and consequently cannot be much longer maintained without' some further Afiidance to defray the Expence, the Petitioners conceive that, by some Improvement to such Lights, the Advantages might be extended to the general Navigation of the British Channel: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to them dull seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Marquis of Mr. Owen, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to SalulhWrit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable,

Stewart, commonly called Lord Viscount Garlics, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole e cire House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole defer-i

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Huffey have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Ten of the Clock;

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Actant of Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from f£lGr;rin1!e<1 Grain, didinguiQiing the Kinds of Grain, as far as the ordered. same can be done, and the Duty paid thereon, from the id of January 1792 to the id of January lad, or as far as the same can be made up.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Y y Luna,

6° Februarii.

*74

9" Februarii.

A. 179S*

Wifi and

Schmidlmcycr

iworn.

Mr. Popham 16 canry North Pctberton In* closure Bill to the Lords,

Cold-Afton Inclosure Bill reported*

Wit IncloUire Bill commuted

Westcott Barton, See. In# cioiure Bill committed.

Luna, 90 die Vebruaru;

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 179^.

Prayers.

fl/TAFTHE W Wifei and took

* the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalisation.

Ordered, That Mr. Pophant do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called North , and other Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of North -ton, in the County of Sotnerfet, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. John Pitt repotted from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Downs, and all the Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Cold-AJion, otherwise Aston* Blank, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Confertt to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com*

Refelved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolbeni Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lord William Rujfellreported from the Committee, Walton «p<m to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the tepwied. County of Surrey,on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's liable; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Daniel Keen, being examined, said, That the Poor of the said Parish are numerous, and supported at a great and burthensome Expence, by the Inhabitants thereof: And that if sufficient Powers were obtained for their future Government, Regulation, and Employment, and for the better Management of the Charities left to the said Parish, and of the several Rates and Assessments taised within the same, much Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and the fame, as far as they concern the Poor, would tend to their more immediate and effectual Relief and Comfort.

M'r. Robert Barker being also examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several within the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him of Surrey: And that Lord William Sir John

to report to the House; and he read the Report Frederick, and Sir Henry Fletcher, do prepare, and in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with bring in, the fame, the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and A Petition of the thereunder-signed Persons, Pri- Cardiff, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Toners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol at Setica^'peti-Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Cardiff, in, and for, the County of Glamorgan: And tioas.

Wir,-» Nat. Bill committed.

also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Castle, Hovtrfordwejl, -Common Gaol for the County of Pembroke',

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were fet&rally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sch mid tmey-tr't Nat- Bill comftiitted.

the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for naturalizing Matthew Wife, was read a Secbnd Time.

Refelved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaktr's Chamber.

Sir William presented to the House, according Norwood a.d

A Bill for naturalizing Peter Sebmidtmeyer, was read to Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Cut from ^anainlu1 a Second Time. Ybe Grand Canal, in the Precinct of Norwood, preiemcJ.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John in the County of to Paddington, in the said

Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this County: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Nobleman, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, bui. being Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, of several Water Mills, Rivers, Streams, and Watercourses, in

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish, Liberties, ind

Counfd ordered ou Second Heading ut li*

Precincts, of Wiggintcn, in the County of Oxford, was the several Parishes, Townships, ‘or Places of -

read a Second Time.

Refelved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are ro meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. *

mondjworth, Stanwell, East Isleworth, and

Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex, and also Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, of Lands, Meadows, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Parishes or Townships of Norwood, in the Parish of Hayes, in the said Parish, , Greenford,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Apperton otherwise Alperton, in the Parish of

Common Fields; Common Meadows, Common Paf- Harrow, FwyfordyWillcJdcm, ASlon, HammerJ-mith, in the tores, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Parish of Kensington, Saint Luke's Chelsea, and

Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Precincts Paddington, in the same County, which was presented of Westcott Barton, and within the Liberty and Pre- to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie cin&s of Middle Barton,in the Parish of Steeple Barton, upon the Table until the said Bill be brought in, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time. might be again read.

And

35 Geo. III. 90 FebruariL

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Timfc; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Fortnight, the acth Day of this Instant February.

Counter* A Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the

Powers, of Twq Acts, made in the Seventh and Bolds Bill Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, committed. for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of l/leworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of leddington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road, near Smal Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of Tib* George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Byngt &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Innkcepen Mr. Mainwnring reported from the Committee, to

adViauilkn whom the Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers ported" wd reGding in that Part of Great Britain called England, Report re- was referred; That the Committee had examined the committed. Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same as it appeared to them, to the House t and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

N. B. — This Report is entered on the 13th Day of this Instant February, when reported from the Committee, to whom the same was re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to report their Observations to the House, upon the Matter contained in the said Petition.

Keighley and Bradford Road Petition ic-ported.

Mr. Buncombereported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Trustees of the Turnpike Road from Keighley to Bradford, and from thence to Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Whert the same was read; and is as foil owe th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts for repairing and widening the Roads from Keighley to IVakfield, and other Roads therein

mentioned, in the West Riding of the County of York, were read: And,

Mr. John Lobley, being examined, said, That the- .

Sum of £.3,350 is now due on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, QO the Road leading from Keighley to Bradford, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are further continued; the Tolls increased, and same Amendments made to the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, for repairing several Roads in the West Riding of the County of York, fp far as relates to the Road from Keighley to Bradford:

And that Mr. Buncombe and Mr. do prer

pare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, That Mr. Crajgt, Clerk lUttir. n? prof the Company of Watermen and Lightermen, at- ^^Tonvieo tended at the Door, he was called in; and; at the Bar, and Boy* represented to the House, iSfoMfc?*

A Return to the Order of the House, for an Ac- w»tsrmen* count of all such Men or Boys as are registered on thf Com^n.y,ban<* Books of the Watermens Company, working oq the tPb^fp«.y River in any Craft or Boats, with the Number pro- rented, teded by that Company.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to pre- committee pare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloath- appointed ing of the Militia, for the Year 1795.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are tp meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock# in the Speaker'* Chamber.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addrefi for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, purfoZit an Account of all Sums of Mooey which have been AddnOm. jflued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addreftcs of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to Hi*

Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the for'p'^ment of Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. to*, per intertttl&c.on Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal for Re-

Sum unsatisfied, alter the Payments which became due and Eait* on the 10th Day of Qttober 1794, "on the several Florida Suffer-Orders made out, pursuant to the Acts passed in the cr* ordore‘1. Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Ccllion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to fudi Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy, &c. j&c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1795, together with the Sum of £. 6. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months lotcreft, which will become due on the 10th Day of

o Q&eber

9° Februarii.

A 1795.

Accounts

ordered*

Money issued for carrying on the Profvcutijn ngamft Mr, Hillings*

Expence of Article* sent to New South Wales,

Money issued to Mr. Bradley for maintaining ConVi&s at Larigftone and Porff-mouth, Sec,

ToMr.Campbell fer maintaining D° on the Thames.

Poor Relief Bill ordered.

October 1795, a^tcr *he l"amc Rate of 3. to Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 5 of the Prirtcipal Bum undischarged of each Order respectively, in which Account the Amount of Principal and Interest are to be particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of sundry Articles sent to the Settlemertt in New South W and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, fof the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made godd by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, ‘*An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the " Poor," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend (o much of the said Act as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Housesj under certain Circumstances and in certain Cafes: And that Sir tVilliam Mr. Buxton,

and Mr. Powys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

T.and Tax A Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Co.mmiffio.nera Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, in-ted.commi tituled, ,f An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fort-

night, the 26th Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Petition from A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Manchester and Salford, was r"'p-ai„gythe presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That w»r. the Petitioners, deeply interfiled in the Trade and

Commerce of the Country, necessarily entertain a due Sense of the invaluable Blessings of Peace: They contemplate, with heartfelt Satisfaction, the paternal Re-gardof the Sovereign to HisPeople, uniformly evinced, and particularly in His laudable Disposition to reltore the Enjoyment of such Blessings upon safe and honourable Grounds: The Petitioners most unfeignedly concur in the Determination of this House to support His Majesty with unabating Firmness and Vigour at this important Juncture: That any Attempt, at a Period so momentous as the present, to break in upon the Deliberations of Government is but ill calcu-

lated to secure the real Intefefts of the Country; and the Petitioners behold, with Sentiments of Regret, the singular Industry of some Individuals in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, who have promoted a Petition to this House for a Termination of the War by an immediate Negotiation for Peace: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to continue its firmelt Support to His Majesty, and not to liffen to any Suggestions, the Tendency of which might precipitate a Peace incompatible with the last-Sng Security and Dignity of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rtjolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for prohibiting the Export from Scotland of any Article of Grain, and for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom of all Articles of Grain, and other Provisions, Duty-free, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the E.xportation, and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, without Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the Hoilfe, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

‘ A Return of the Names, Dates of the various Commissions, and Length of Service, of all Officers, who, since the Commencement of the present War, have obtained the Rank of Field Officers in His Majesty's Service; those who have received Brevet Rank not included.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the' Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session*

Mr. W'tgley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to apportion the Relief, by the fev<?ral Statutes now in Force, directed to be given to the Wives and Families of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates, serving in the Militia, between the County at large and the peculiar Districts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inflifting a greater Punishment on Persons who shall be convicted of the Crime of Bigamy: And that Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Samuel and Mr.

Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill

Marine tiny £>ii deterred.

Bill for prohibiting '.hr F.x-poi t of Grain and permitiir g the Importation of G-im and ProViUon?* passed.

Return of Name*, Src. of Officer#, who have obtained the Rank of . Field Officers, presented.

Bill to arpor-tion the Kt' cf directed tr be given to the Families of Militia Men, presented.

Mutiny Bill deferred.

Bigamy Bill ordered.

35 Geo. III. 90 — 10° — n° Februarii.

*77

Bury and Haf-lingden Roads Bill commit* led*

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, turning,

varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road " from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or *' late in the Occupation of William , Gentle-

man, to Hajlingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road " from Hajlingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockjbut Bridge, in the Town of W, and also the Road " from Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church and tc Bacup, to Todmorden, and for making a Road, from the said Road between Bury and Hajlingden, in the " Township of Walmerjley, to the River Jrwell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in the " County Palatine of Lanc," as relates to the First District of Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

keepers of the Town and Port of in the County of Sussex,paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Port, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said Town and Port in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors for the said Town and Port, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on. the Puftneis of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Fifty-nine Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

' And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morping, Ten of the Clock,

Committee on

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Bilifn^nHer- a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for certain'orders rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council i» Cnnnrii of the t6th and 21st of January 1795, respecting the AdmTfnLnof' Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said JMF<.a». Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be Ware, housed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which thpy had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

defer*

red.

Wayt and Mcaqa deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Reflved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confjder further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and M?ens for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Mart is, io°

Anno Georgii II1, M Regis, 1795. Prayers.

Consideration of Seaford Petitions respecting the Right of Election deferred.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of,

in the County of Sussex, being Parties admitted to of-pose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, as determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 19th Day of March 1792; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Houser

V OL.L*

Mercurii, 110 die Februarii;

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795-Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Consideraiio* tion the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- in?tfaKight selves and others, being legal Electors of Members to °* Euai.* serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of dtme

in the County of Sussex,'being Parties admitted to of-pose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, as determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 19th Day of March 179a; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, House-keepers of the Town and Port of ,in the County of Sussex, paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Port, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the Lid Town and Port in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors for the said Town and Port, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come t

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Eighty-six Members only baing present, Mr. Speaker ' directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Tpn of the Clocl^r

% 2 fovif.

The Lord« have agreed to

Com, Xrc. Expectation and importation Bill.

Abridge Tn-closure Bill.

Hanley Cattle Inclosure Bill.

Confederation

of Seator 1 Petitions iffp filing the ki^ht

ot r !"°ion di! cried.

178 120 — 130 Februarii . 1795.

Jovis, 12° die Februarii \

Anno 35° Georgii III1* Regis, 1795-Prayers.

AM E S S AG E from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provi-Con, for a limited Time, without Payment of Duty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons and Walle Lands, within the Manor of Great Barr and Aldridge, in the Parish of , in

the County of Stafford',without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonatde Lands, within the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the County of without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Hour appointed for taking into ConGdcration the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, as determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 19th Day of March 17^2; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Hodfe-keepers of the Town and Port of in the County of Sussex, paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Port, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said Town and Port in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors for the said Town and Port, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Ninety-fourMembers only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into ConGderation, and immediately'adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Thrte of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Veneris, 130 die Februarii;

Anno 35' Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795-Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into ConGderation the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, as determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 19th Day of March 1792; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, House-keepers of the Town and Port of in the County of Sussex, paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Port, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said Town and Port in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors for the said Town and Port, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the BuGness of "the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do deGre the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers,

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the DeGre of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of,

and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Portland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a limited Time, without Payment of Duty:

An Act for continuing an Act of the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the 9 Hamlet

Proceedings&n Seaford Petition respecting the Right of Election.

Royal Assent to Bills.

35 Geo. III. 13

179

Sraford Petition* refiling the Right of Eltaion tonitdcred*

Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorlefton,in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the -Open and Common Fieldss Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hanley Castle,in the County of cefi/r

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Great Barr and Aldridge, in the Parish of Aldridge, in the County of Stafford.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Six Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bat.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions, respecting the Right of Election for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Two Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable William Pitt being drawn, he offered to the House as an Excuse for not Serving on the Said Committee, That, being Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer, he conceived it would be attended with material Inconvenience to the Public Service if he was obliged to Serve on the said Committee; and the Substance of what was so alledgtd by him being taken down by the Clerk, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Francis Gregor, Esquire, being drawn, he suggested to the House that he was then serving on the Committee appointed, on the 4th Day of this Jnttant February, to take the Residue of the Evidence which may be thought proper to be adduced in Support of the Bill now depending before the House for improving the Drainage of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and for other Purposes, -which Evidence is to be reported to the House for their Confederation on the further Hearing of Counsel on the said Bill.

The Order for the Appointment of the said Committee was read.

And, no Motion being made thereupon, the Name of the Said Francis Gregor, Esquire, was fee down in the Lift of the Members drawn by Lot.

And the Names of-Fourteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the' Name of the Right honourable William Windham being drawn, he offered to the House as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, Thar, being Secretary at War, he conceived it would beat-tended with material Inconvenience to the Public Service if he was obliged to serve on the said Committee; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and Mr. Secretary at War having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Name of Charles Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted to defend the Right of Election, as -determined by the former Committee.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden being drawn, he offered to the House as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, being Master of the Rolls, he conceived he could not attend the said Committee without material Inconvenience to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery; and the Substance of what was so alledged oy him being taken down by the Clerk, and the Master of the Rolls having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Thomas Steele being drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted to oppose the Right of Election as determined by the former Committee, declared that the said Member was intended to be nominated by them to serve on the said Committee.

And the said Member having refused to consent to such Nomination his Name was set down in the Lift of the Members drawn by Lot.

And the Name of Charles Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was then serving on the Committee, appointed on the 4th Day of this Instant February, before referred toby Mr. Gregor, and that the Bill there mentioned, contained Matter of the greatest Importance to the County which he reprefen ted, and to the Public, and that the said Bill both in the last and present Session of Parliament had been in a great Degree entrusted to his Care.

The Counsel and Agents were directed to retire Ibme way from the Bar.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Charles Yorke, Esquire, be excused from serving on the said Committee.

The House was moved, that an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

The said Motion was with Leave of the House withdrawn.

Then the Counsel and Agents were again called to the Bar,

And the Name of the said Charles Yorke, Esquire, was set down in the Lift of the Members drawn by Lot.

And the Names of Twelve other Members, then prefear, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Name of Jofbua Smith, Esquire, was drawn, who, having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards,'was excused fj*om serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn.)

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners admitted to oppose the Right of Election, as determined by the former Committee, were called upon by Mr. Speaker to nominate One from among the Members then present, whose Names had not been drawn, to be added to those chosen by Lot to serve on the said Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel acquainted the House, that he declined to nominate any Member for that Purpose.

And thereupon the Name of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, was drawn, and added to the Lift of the Forty-nine Names before drawn.

And

i8o

*3

Februarii.

A.

1795'

And Lifts of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened,

the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Prrfton.Cand- A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from andnu Rrefton Candover to in the County of

ton, Road*Bin Southampton, and from thence to Alton, in the said committed. County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Smith, Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply de* filled.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mean$Sd«fer Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday ,ej. Morning nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bi'.lforr«]uir- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking *nto ^urt^cr Consideration the Report from the Gom-Miii Men for mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re-

eommltied^* the Owners and Masters of Ships belonging to

conum c . Great Britain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in

Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that, several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Bill for railing The House was moved. That the Order made Na*" ^defer- MPon the 5th Day of this Instant February, for taking red. into further Consideration, upon Monday nexr, the

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in Great , for the Ser-

vice cf His Majesty's Navy, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tu Morning next.

pu' ted.

t linicy inc'o- Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to; ire Bill re- whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Cummcnable Lands, within the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Tirlry, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of F.states assessed to the Land Tax at £.2. 15 3! who refused to sign the

Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed is assessed at J. 150. 11J.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Chester Writ* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eledling of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Chester, in the room of Thomas Grosvenor, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. John Pitt reported from ,the Committee, to Sthmldtmey-whom the Bill for naturalizing ,r'*Na'-8,11

was committed; That the Committee had examined r*port* the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to wife's Nat. whom the Bill for naturalizing Matthew IViJs, was Bill reported, committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Darlington the Petition of the Trustees appointed, elected, and AiKkUnd authorized to put in Execution Two several Acts of Road Petition Parliament, the One of them'made and passed in the rePor, Ml* Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the High, Roads leading from in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and " several other Roads in the said County, therein f* mentioned," and the other of the said Acts, made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his laid late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging " the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed " in the Twenty-fourth Year of his said late Majesty's " Reign, for repairing the High Road leading from " Darlington, in the County of Durham, to " Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County therein mentioned, and for the effectual

amending the fameand also of the several Creditors on the Tolls arising from the several Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars erected upon the said Turnpike Road under, and by virtue of, the said Two recited Acts of Parliament, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and fqund that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Bowes, being examined, said, That the Trustees haye proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, and that £. 1,200 now remains due and owing; but by realen of the many heavy Carriages continually passing on ijie said Roads, with Lime, Coal, and Merchandize

Papers presented.

Articles of the Conltitution of Corsica.

Account of Foreign Troops in Britirn Pay.

East India Company's Officers Petition*

55 GeO. III. 130 Februarii. 181

chandize of divers Kinds, and many of them with narrow Wheels, whiefi tear and cut up the said Roads, and the great Expence of Materials which are brought from a considerable Distance to many Parts oftne said Roads, it is impossible to complete the Repairs thereof, and to repay the Money borrowed as aforesaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued, altered, and enlarged: — And he added. That the effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Roads, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Landed Estates in the Neighbourhood, and the Increase of Trade and Commerce in the said County of Durham.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering,enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Roads from Darlington to West Auckland,in the County of , and

several other Roads in the same County therein mentioned: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr. Milbanke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by II is Majesty's Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Articles of the Constitution " ,of Corsica, with a Transiation."

Mr. Secretary Dundas also presented to the House, pursuant to their Add relies to His Majesty,

An Account of the Number of Foreign Troops actually in British Pay, as far as the same can be af-certained by the latest Returns received at the Secretary of State's Office: And also,

A Copy of the Petition of the Officers of the East India Company to His Majesty, from the Bengal Establishment.

And the Titles of the said Paper, Account, and Petition, were read.

The said Paper, Account, and Petition, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Translation of the said Paper is as followeth; viz.

Translation from the Italian. The Constitution of the Kingdom of Corsica.

The Representatives of the free independent Corsican Nation, lawfully assembled in a General Meeting, and specially authorized to form the present Constitutional Act, have unanimoufty decreed, under Favour of the Supreme Being, in Manner following.

Chapter. I. — Of the Nature of the , and

of its component Powers.

Article I.

The Constitution of Corsica is Monarchical, according to the following fundamental Laws.

Article II.

The Legislative Power is vested in the King, and in the Representatives of the People, lawfully elected and

convened.

Article III.

The Legislature, composed of the King, and of the Representatives of the People, is denominated The Parliament: The Assembly of the Representatives of the People is named The House of Parliament} and the Representatives are llyled Members of the Parliament.

Vol. L.

Chapter II. — of the Number arid of the Parliament, and of its FunSions.

Article I.

The Number of Members of the Parliament is fixed at Two for each Pieve (District) according to the Division of the Territory, which shall be formed under the Denomination of Pievi (Districts). The Towns on the Sea Coast, the Population of which shall amount to Three thousand Souls arid upwards,* have the Privilege of fending Two Members to Parliament; The Bishops, who discharge the Duties of their Sees in Corsica, shall be Members of Parliament.

Article II.

The Members of Parliament shall be elected by every Corsican Citizen, who has attained the Term of Twenty-five Years of Age, who shall have resided One Year at least in the Pieve (District) or Town# and who are Landholders.

Article III.

No Person shall be eligible as a Member of the Parliament, if he do not possess Six thousand Livres, at least,. of Landed Property in th-p District'which he shall represent, and pay Taxes in Proportion to that Amount} if he be not born of a Gorfican Father, and virtually an Inhabitant, that is to lay, if he has not been a Householder for Five Years at least in the said District} and if he has not attained the Age of Twenty-five Years compleat.

Article IV.

Lodgers, except those who are Inmates for Life, Persons employed in collecting the Revenues, the Receivers and Gatherers of Taxes, those who enjoy Pensions, or who are in the Service of a Foreign Power, and Priests, cannot be Members of the House of Parliament.

Article V.

The Form of Election shall be settled by a Law.

Article VI.

If a Member of the Pdrlianhent dies, or becofnes incapable, according to Law, of being a*Member of Parliament, another Member shall be elected by his District, within Fifteen Days, by the Kiag's Authority.

Article VII.

The House of Parliament has the Power of enacting „ all the Acts, which are intended to have Force of Law.

Article VIII.

The Decrees of the House of Parliament shall not have Force of Law, unless sanctioned by the King.

Article IX.

Any Decree, that has not been made by the House of Parliament, and received the King's Sanction, shall not be considered as Law, nor carried into Execution as such.

Article X.

No Imposition, Tax, or Public Contribution shall be levied, without the Confenc of the Parliament, and without being specially granted by it.

Article XI.

The Parliament has the Power of Impeachment, in the Name of the Nation, of every Agent of Government, guilty of Prevarication, before the Extraordinary Tribunal hereafter mentioned.

Article XII.

The Cafes of Prevarication shall be determined by the Laws.

A Chapter

i8a

Chapter. — III. — of the Duration and Convocation of the

Parliament.

Article I.

The Duration of One Parliament shall be Two Years.

Article II.

The King may dissolve the Parliament.

Article III.

In case of a DilTolution of the Parliament, the King shall convene another within Forty Days.

Article IV.

Those Persons, who were Members of the dissolved Parliament, may be elected Members of the succeeding One.

Article V.

If the Parliament terminates without a DilTolution, another shall be convened by His Majesty's Command, within Forty Days.

Article VI.

The King may prorogue the Parliament.

Article VII.

The'Parliament cannot be convoked or assembled, but by the King's Command.

Article VIII.

The Interval between the calling of the House and its Prorogation, or in case of not being prorogued, to its DilTolution, or if it be not dissolved, until its natural Expiration, is denominated the Session of Parliament.

Article IX.

The Vice-Roy, or in case of Illness the Commissioners appointed by him for that Purpose, shall, in Person, open the Session, and declare the Reasons for its Convocation.

Article X.

The House of Parliament may adjourn itself, and re-assemble, during the same Session.

Article XI.

The House shall decide upon the contested Elections of its Members.

Article XII.

The Members of Parliament shall not be subject to Arrest or Imprisonment for Debt, during the Continuance of their being Representatives.

Chapter IV. — On the Mode of Deliberation, Freedom of Debate, and internal Regulations of Parliament.

Article I.

After the opening of Parliament by the Vice-Roy, or by his Commissioners, as is hereinbefore mentioned, the Members present shall unite themselves under the Presidcncy of a Deacon, who shall elect a provisional Secretary from amongst them; they shall proceed to the Nomination of a President, and of One or Two Secretaries. The Secretaries shall not be chosen from the Members of Parliament, and may be difmiffed by a Vote of the fame.

Article II.

The Parliament assembled in all the before-mentioned Cafes has the Power of passing Atts, and of Debate, whenever above Half of its Members are present.

Article III.

Every Member elected and not appearing shall have Notice from the President of the Chamber, to repair to his Post within Fifteen Days,

Article IV.

In case of Non-appearance, or of not fending a lawful Excuse, satisfactory to the House, such Members shall be condemned to a Fine of 200 Livres.

A. 1795;

Article V.

The Parliament may grant Leave of Absence, and permit the Absence of such Members who solicit it, provided more than One Half of its Members remain present.

Article VI.

Every Proportion made in Parliament shall be decided by the Majority of the Members present. The President, in case of an equal Division shall give his calling Vote.

Article VII.

The Forms and Procedures of enabling Laws, and of determining other Matters in the House, which may not be fixed by the present Consticution, shall be regulated by the House itself.

Article VIII.

The King's Sanction, or the Refusal of it, shall be announced in Person by the King's Representative in the House of Parliament, or by a special Commission, in case of Sickness.

Article IX.

The Form of the San&ion shall be, " The King approves $" that of Refusal, " The King will ex-f* amine." The Bills sanctioned by the King are styled Acts of Parliament.

Article X.

No Member of Parliament shall be called to Account, or punished, by the King's Servants or by any other Authority, for the Opinions manifelled or (he Doctrines professed in the House, except by Authority of the House itself.

Article XI.

The President of the Parliament has the Privilege of calling to Order any of its Members, when he may think proper.

The House may censure, arrest, and imprison any of its own Members, during the Session.

Chapter V. — of the Exercise of the Executive Power.

Article I.

The King shall have His immediate Representative in Corjica, with the Title of Vice-Roy.

Article II.

The Vice-Roy shall have the Power of fandlioning or refusing the Royal Assent to the Decrees of the House of Parliament.

Article III.

He shall moreover have the Power to exercise, in the King's Name, all the Acts of Government which are within the Jurisdiction of the Royal Authority: There shall be a Board of Council, and a Secretary of State, nominated by the King; and in the Vice-Roy's Orders, mention shall be made that he has taken the Opinion of the said Board of Council j and these Orders shall be countersigned by the Secretary.

Article IV.

The Nation has the Right of petitioning, as well the Vice-Roy, as the House of Parliament: The constituted and acknowledged Corps of the Law may petition in a Body; but the other Corps in their individual Capacity only; and a Petition shall never be presented by more than Twenty Persons, however numerous the Signatures may be to it.

Article V.

The House of Parliament may address the King to recal His Vice-Roy; in such an Event, the House shall address His Majesty in His Privy Council assembled: The Vice-Roy shall be obliged to transmit the Address to the King, upon the Kequifnion of the House, within the Term of Fifteen Days after such Requifi-tion, and the House may itself transmit it to the King, even through the Channel of a Deputation; but in a every

13° Februarii.

35 Geo. III.

every same the House is bound to present to the Vice-Roy, Fifteen Days previously to the Departure of the Address, a Copy of the fame, and of the Papers which are to accompany it.

Article VI.

The King has the exclusive Direction of all Military Arrangements, and is to provide for the internal.and external Security of the Country.

Article VII.

The King declares War, and makes Peace: He shall not be authorized, however, in any Event, nor on any Account whatsoever, to give up, alienate, or in any Manner prejudice the Unity and Indivisibility of Corftca and its Dependencies.

Article VIII.

The King appoints to all the Offices of Government.

Article IX.

The ordinary Employments of Justice,' and of the Administration of the Public Money, shall be conferred upon Natives of Corsica, or Persons naturalized Corsicans,in virtue of the Laws.

Chapter VI. — Of the Administration of and of

the Divifton of the ‘Tribunals.

Article I.

Justice shall be administered in the King's Name, and the Orders carried into Execution, by Officers appointed by Him, in conformity to the Laws.

Article II.

There shall be a Supreme Tribunal, composed of Five Judges and the King's Advocate* and this Tribunal shall be stationary in Corte.

Article III.

There shall be a President, and a King's Advocate, in each of the new Jurisdictions.

Article IV.

The Functions of the said respective Tribunals, their Administration and Emoluments, shall be determined by Law.

Article V.

There shall be in every Pievc (District) a Magistrate.

Article VI.

In every Community there shall be a Municipality, named by the People, and its Functions shall be regulated by the Laws.

Article VII.

Crimes which deserve Corporal or ignominious Punishments, shall be tried by the Judges and a Jury.

Article VIII.

The King has the Power of granting Pardon, in conformity to the same Regulations under which He exercises this Prerogative in England,

Article IX.

All Civil, Criminal, Commercial Causes, or those of every other Kind whatsoever, shall be terminated in Corftca, in the first and last Instance.

Chapter VII. — Of the Extraordinary Tribunal. Article I.

There shall be an Extraordinary Tribunal, composed of Five Judges, nominated by the King, and commissioned to judge upon any Impeachment from the House of Parliament, or upon all Charges made on the Part of the King, of Prevarication or of High Treason, but always with the Intervention of a Jury.

183

Article II.

The Nature of the said Crimes, and the Form of Trial, shall be determined upon by a Special Law.

Article III.

The Members of the Tribunal shall not assemble, but in Cafes of Impeachment by the House of Parliament, or by the King; and, immediately after Judgment given; they shall be obliged to separate.*

Chapter VIII. — OfPersonal and of the liberty of the Press.

Article I.

No Person shall be deprived of his Liberty and Property, but by Sentence of the Tribunals acknowledged by the Laws, and in the Cafes, and according to the Forms pteferibed.

Article II.

Whoever shall be arrested, or placed in Confinement, shall be conducted, within the Term of Twenty-four Hours, before the competent Tribunal,3 in order that the Cause of his Detention may be id-judged according to Law.

Article III.

In case of the Arrest being declared vexatious, the Person arrested will have a Right of claiming Damages and Interest, before the competent Tribunals.

Article IV....

The Liberty of the Press js decreed 5 but the Abuse of it is to be amenable to the Laws.

Article V.

Every Corsican shall have the Liberty freely to depart from his Country, and to return to it with his Property, conforming himself to the Regulations and Ordonnances of General Police, observed in such Cases.

Chapter IX. — Of the Corsican Flag and Navigation. Article I.

The Standard shall bear a Moor's Head, quartered with the King's Arms, according to the Form which shall be prescribed by His Majesty.

Article II.

The King shall afford the same Protection to the Trade and Navigation of the Corsicans as to the Trade and Navigation of His other Subjects.

Article III.

The Corsican Nation, profoundly penetrated with Sentiments of Gratitude towards His Majesty the King of Great Britain and the English Nation, for the Royal Munificence and Protection with which Corsica has always been treated, and which is now, in a more special Manner, secured to it by the present Constitutional Act *

Declares, That it will consider every Attempt, which in War, or in Peace, shall be made to promote the Glory of His Majesty, and the Interests of the Empire of Great Britain in 'general, as its own and the Parliament of Corsica will always manifest its Readiness and Attention to adopt all Regulations confident with its present Constitution, which shall be enacted by His Majesty, in His Parliament of Great Britain, for the Extension and Advantage of the external Commerce of the Empire, and of all its Dependencies.

Chapter

13° Febru

Brecon and Aberrant Road Petition reported#

184 130 Februarii. 1795.

Chapter X. — Of Religion.

Article I.

The Christian, Catholic, Apostolic, Roman Religion, in all its Evangelical Purity,' shall be the only National Religion in Corsica

Article II.

The House of Parliament is authorized to determine oil the Number of Parishes, to settle the Salaries of the Priests, and to take Measures for ensuring the Discharge of Episcopal Functions in Corsica, in concert with the Holy See.

Article III.

All other Modes of Worship are tolerated.

Chapter XI. — Of the Crown, and its Succession.

The Sovereign and King of Corsica is His Majesty, George the Third, King of Great Britain, and His Successors, according to the Order of Succdfion to the Throne of Great Britain.

Chapter XII. — Of the Acceptance of the Crown and Constitution of the Kingdom of Corsica.

Article I.

The present Constitutional Act shall be presented to H is Majesty the King of Great Britain, and by Him to his Excellency Sir Gilbert Elliot, His Commissioner Plenipotentiary, and specially authorized for this Purpose.

Article II.

In the Act of Acceptance, His Majesty, and His Plenipotentiary in His Name, shall swear to maintain the Liberty of the Corsican Nation, according to the Constitution and the Laws; and the same Oath shall be administered to His Successors upon every Accession to the Throne.

Article III.

The Assembly shall immediately take the following Oath; which shall be administered by*his Excellency Sir Gilbert Elliot:

" I swear for myself, and in the Name of the " Corf can Nation, which I represent, That I acknowledge for my Sovereign and King His Majesty George the Third, King of Great Britain, to yield Him faithful Obedience, " according to the Constitution and Laws of " Corsica, and to defend the said Constitution " and Laws."

Article IV.

Every Corsican shall, in his respective Community, take the preceding Oath.

Done, and unanimously decreed, after Three Readings, in the General Assembly of the Corsican Nation.

In Corte, this Day (19th June 1794) and Indivi-

dually subscribed in the Assembly, by all the Members who composed ir.

Ordered, That the said Paper, Account, and Petition, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of Eftares, and Manufacturers in the Counties of Brecon and Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Iiumfray,being examined, said, That be

knows the Road described in the Petition, and that the same is greatly out of Repair, and incommodious/or Travellers and Carriages; — that the amending and repairing the said Road would not only be a great Bentfic to Persons residing or having Estates or Manufactories upon or near the Line thereof, but would also be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road

at, or near Aberrant, through Merthyr in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Public Roads near RbydyBlew, in the County of Brecon: And that Sir. Charles Morgan and Mr. Thomas Wyndham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Holden Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the ancient Port, Borough, and Town of Maldon, and of the Country adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the R.eport in his Place; and afterwards delivered ic in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjamin Henry Le ‘Trobe, being examined, said. That the Navigation of the Rivers and

Chelmer, in the County of Essex, leading to and from the Town of Maldon may be greatly improved by making a Cut or Cuts from Collier's Reach, in the said River Blackzvater, and cleansing, deepening, widening, varying, and improving the Old Channel or Course of the said Rivers, so as to make the same Navigable for Ships of large Burthen, from Collier's Reach to a Place called Fullbridge, in the said Town of Maldon, and from thence towards Beeleigh Mill, for Boats and Barges; and also by making a Navigable Canal for Boats and Barges from tht said River Chelmer, below Beeleigh Mill, to that Part of the River lying above the said Mill, and which the Witness conceives to be very practicable.

Mr. John Edwick, being examined, said, That the Improvement of the Navigation of the said Rivers would be greatly beneficial to the said Town of Maldon, and the adjacent Country.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the Rivers Blackwater and Chelmer from a Place called Collier's Reach, to a Place called Fullbridge, and from thence towards Beeleigh Mill, and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said River Chelmer below Beeleigh Mill, to that Part of the said River lying above Beeleigh Mill, in the County of Essex: And that Mr. Holden Strutt and Mr. Johnes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Holden Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the fever.d Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for executing an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from The Royal Oak on IFrotham Heath to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Oak to the Town of Maidfionin the said County, was referred; that the Committee had examined, and found

B1 *ckwater and 0.elm<r

Navigation Pe n ion repot Led.

Wroth am H?arh r.nd Maid done Road Petition repotted.

35 Geo. III. 139 Febru l8£

found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table t Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Andrew Hawes , being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act.in Execution, and have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Roads, and borrowed £.4,500 for that Purpose 5 — That the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Debt paid off, unless the Term of the Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

That it would be of great Public Advantage if a new Road was made from the present Turnpike Road leading between Mere-worth and in the County of Kent, to join the present Road leading between Wroth am and Maidstone.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from The Royal Oak,on IVrotbam Heath, to the Town of IVrotham,

in the County of Kent, and from thence to Foot'.s Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of Maidstone, in the said County, and for making a Road from the said Road between IVrotbam and Maidstone into the ' present Turnpike Road leading from Mereworth to Hadlow, in the said County: And that Mr. Holden Strutt and Sir Edwarddo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stamford and Mr. Heathcote reported from the Committee, to Roaci^&c. whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petitiontt- are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and {>orted. Inhabitants respectively, within the County of Rutland, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Briggs being examined, said. That he knows the Road leading from the Great North Road near Scot Gate, in the Town of Stamford, and County of Lincoln, through the several Parishes mentioned in the Petition in the Counties of Lincoln and Rutland, and that the same is in a ruinous Condition and unsafe for Travellers: — And he added, that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners and to the Public in general, if the said Road was properly altered, repaired, and widened, which cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law: — And,

Mr. John Coombes being examined, confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Road leading from the Great North Road, in the Town of Stamford, and County of Lincoln, through the Town of Oakham, to the Great North Road aforesaid, at or near a House, called The Cross Guns, in the Parish of , and County of Rutland: And that Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Noel Edwards, and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition re- A Petition of John Curwen and

R^To/Ele*- Braddyll, Esquires, was delivered in at the Table, and tion for Car- read; Setting forth. That, on the 3d Day of March, in M'- Vol. L.

the Year 1791, a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of the said John Christian Curwen and JVilfon Braddyll, and also of another Petition on the Part of, and subscribed by, several other Persons, Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City of Carlisle, reported to the House their final Determination on the Merits of those Petitions, and did, at the same Time, also report to the House, that it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the said Petitions, did, in Part, depend upon the Right of Election for the said City, and that thereupon the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended: That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said John Christian Curwen and JVilfon Braddyll, and also for the said other Petitioners, the Freemen and Citizens of the said City of Carlife, having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, delivered in a Statement as follows; — " The Counsel for " the Petitioners (late the Right of Election to be in the Freemen of the City of Carhjle, duly admitted " and sworn Freemen of the said City, and deriving their Title to such Freedom by being Sons of Freemen, or by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman, resident, during such Apprenticeship, " within the said City, or by Election of the Mayor cc and Common Council of the' said City, with the " Consent and Approbation of certain Persons, called " The Foursi otherwise the Fours of the Election of " each of the Eight Guilds or Occupations within the " said City, as Representatives of the whole Commonalty of the said City: They also state, that no " Person is entitled to be admitted a Freeman of the " said City, who has not been previously admitted a " Brother of One of the Eight Guilds or Occupations " of the said City;" that the Counsel for the Sitting Members, James Clarke Satterthwaite and Edward Knubley, Esquires, delivered in a Statement as follows, " - — The Counsel for the Sitting Members state the " Right of Election to be in the Freemen of the City " of Carlisle, who acquire a Title to such F reedom by ,c being Sons of Freemen, or by serving an Apprenticeship, during Seven Years, to a Freeman, or by " Election of the Mayor or Aldermen, Bailiffs, and " Capital Citizens of the said City: They also state* " that it is not necessary, in order to become a Frceman of the said City, to have been previously admined a Brother of One of the Eight Guilds or " Occupations within the said City — That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee detera mined, " That the Right of Election, as set forth in <c the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for " the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland that, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee determined, " That the Right of Election, as set forth " in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said City of Carlisle;" that, the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements* and the Evidence adduced before them, touching the Right of Election for the said City of Carlisle, determined, " That the Right of Election for the City of " Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, is in the " Freemen of the said City, duly admitted and sworn " Freemen of the said C;ty, having been previously " admitted Brethren of One of the Eight Guilds or " Occupations of the said Ciry, and deriving their " Title to such F'reedom by being Sons of Freemen, " pr by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a ' 3 B " Freeman

Petlt'on re* ihe

Kight of Election for Car-btte.

186 13 0 Februarii. . 1795.

" Freeman resident, during such Apprenticeship,

" within the Did Ciiy, and in no others;" and that, on or about the 12th Day of January 1795, 'Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward

I!'aftell, John Richardson, Robert Thomas John ll'b-te, Richard Rowland, Ttoward, Ralph

Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, presented their Petition

to the House, in order to prevent the said Judgment of the DiJ Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive in all subsequent Eleflions of Members of Parliament for the Did City, thereby dating, they were not Dtisfied with the said Resolution, and were desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose such Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Ca'e made and provided, and praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them Inch Relief therein, as the House should think fit; and that the Petitioners infill, that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and in Favour of which the said Select Committee so reported as aforesaid, is the ancient and true R ight of Election for the said City of Carlifte: And therefore praying, That tlttv may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, according to the Form of the said Statute, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and as the Nature of their same may require.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlifte, in the County of and

having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth. That, on the 3d Day of March, in the Year 1791, a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, and also, of another Petition on the Part of, and subscribed by, several'other Persons, Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlifte, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Ekfcion of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and return for the said City of Carlifte, reported to the House their final Determination on the Merits of those Petitions, and did, at the same Time, also report to the House, that it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the said Petitions did, in Parr, depend upon the Right of Election for the said City, and that thereupon the said Committee had required the C'ounfel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the Did Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended: Tha', in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said John Christian Curwen and Wilson dyll, and also for the Did o her Petitioners, the Freemen and Citizens of the Did City of Carlifte, having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, delivered in a Statement, as follows, — " The Counsel for the Petitioners (late " the kight of Election to be in the Freemen of the " City of Carlifte, duly admitted and sworn Freemen " of the Did City, and deriving their Title to such Freedom by being Sons of Freemen, or by Service " of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman, resident, during such Apprenticeship, within the said " City, or by lieftion of the Mayor and Common " Council of the said City, with the Consent and Approbation of certain Persons, called The Fours, " oiiierui'e the lo urs of the Election of each of the " b ight Guilds or Occupations within the said City, " as Re; relentatives of the whole Commonalty of the " laid City: They also Hate, that no Person is enti.led to be admitted a Freeman of the Did City, who has not been previously admitted a Brother of

" one of the Eight Guilds or Occupations of the said " City j" that the Counsel for the Sitting Members, James Clarke Satterthwaite and Edward Knubley, Esquires, delivered in a Statement as follows, — "The " Counsel for the Sitting Members state the Right of " Election to be in the Freemen of the City of Carlifte,

" who acquire a Title to such Freedom by being Sons " of Freemen, or by serving an Apprenticeship,

" during Seven Years, to a Freeman, or by Election " of the Mayor or Aldermen, Bailiffs, and' Capital " Citizens of the said City: They also slate, that it " is not necessary, in order to become a Freeman of " the Did City, to have been previously admitted a " Brother of one of the Eight Guilds or Occupations " within the said City — That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Did several Petitioners, the said Select Committee determined,

" That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said " Statement, is not the Right of Election for the City " of Carlifte, in the County of Cumberlandthat, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee determined, " That the Right of Election, as set forth " in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election " for the said City of Carlisle thar, the Did Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them, touching the Right of Election for the said City of Carlifte, determined, " That the Right of Election for the City " of Carlifte, in the County of Cumberland, is in the Freemen of the said City, duly admitted and sworn ft Freemen of the said City, having been previously " admitted Brethren of One of the Eight Guilds or " Occupations of the said City, and deriving their " Title to such Freedom by being Sons of Freemen, " or by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a " Freeman resident, during such Apprenticeship, within the said City, and in no others;" and that, orv or about the 12th Day of January 1795, Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Waft ell, John Richardson, Robert Tarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Ralph, Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, presented their Petition to

the House, in order to prevent the said Judgment of the Did Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive in all subsequent Eleflions of Members of Parliament for the said City, thereby dating, they were not Dtisfied with the said Resolution, and were desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose such Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that same made and provided, and praying the House to take the Premiies into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein, as the House should think fit; and that the Petitioners infill, that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valicfia the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and in Favour of which the Did Select Committee so reported as aforesaid, is the ancient and true Right of Election for the said City of Carlifte: And therefore praying. That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, according to the Form of the said Statute, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and as the Nature of their same may require.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the Petition of Thomas Wilson James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Waftell,

John Richardson, Robert Tarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Teoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle, shall be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflfue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records,

as


J 5 Geo. III. 13 ° Feb. 187

as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petitions, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in 7‘beLondon and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City of Carlisle, according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the T rials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Sr, Mtrtin Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom ramtora Ba. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common And BMrnoricdi Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, was committed 5 that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Aoufe, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied wich; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 12 Acres, one Rood, and 16 Perches, and 24. Cow Commons, who refused to sign the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the Property, entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, confilts of 560 Acres and 37 Perches, 178 Cow Commons, and 600 Sheep Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

OO*

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his ' Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bridge Caller- Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom BMlfrel°f"ed £'le for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

" Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bridge in the County of

Rutland, was committed; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wcrfleyind A Bill to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Cana"Bit? Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cur from his present (Munitted. Navigation, in the Townlhipof Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,to the Township of near the Town of Leig, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

hurne, Mr. 'Thomas , &c,: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the B*"7 St. Ed-Gaol of Bury Saint Edmunds, Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom Worcester the Bill to amend and render effectual so much of an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Ma- p jesty, as relates to improving the Entrance into the City of Worcester, from the London and Upton Roads, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Farmers, Inhabitants, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Worcester, and Suburbs thereof, whose Narnes are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Perjhore, in the County of Worcester, and also of the Merchants and Farmers attending the Markets there, and iifing the Roads leading to the City of;

and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough, of Evesham, and also of the principal Merchants, Farmers, and others, attending the Markets at Evesham, and using the Roads leading to the City of Worcester-, and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Upton upon Severn, in the County of cester, and of the Merchants, Farmers, and other Persons attending the Markets there, and travelling on the Roads leading to the City of Worcester, through the London or Upton Turnpike Gates; and also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Tewkejburyand its Neighbourhood, using the Roads

leading to the City of Worcester, through the London or Upton Turnpike Gates, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and'he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, d.i-resting that no Surplus Money collected at the Upton Gate shall be applied to the Purposes of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom Derby Petition the Petition of several Noblemen and Gentlemen of relating to the the County of Derby was referred; That the Commit- ^'liua report-tee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: WThere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Two Acts, pafifed in the Seventh and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, were read. — Then,

A Member present informed your Committee that certain Sums of Money, to the Amount of /. 8,000,

or

Abingdon find T i owbridge Canal Petition reported.

Petition from ctitain Inhabitants of New Sirum rcljicft-iiifcj the War.

188 130 Februarii. 179$*

or thereabouts, have been assessed, collected, and raised upon and within the said County for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, and that the said Monies now remain in the Hands of several Persons unapplied, and the same cannot, by the Laws in being, be applied for any Purpose whatsoever. — That in pursuance of a Recommendation from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Lord Lieutenant of the said County, for railing and embodying Troops for the internal Defence of this Kingdom, a Subscription was for that Purpose entered into, and a considerable Number of Forces have been raised and embodied within the said County accordingly; and that it is apprehended that the Object of the said Recommendation would be more eflfeftually promoted, if the Money raised by virtue of the said Acts as aforesaid was to be applied towards defraying the Expences of railing and embodying Troops within the said County for the Purpose aforesaid, in Aid of the Sums raised and to be raised by Subscription for the like Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Freeholders, and others, rending in the Cities of Bath and Bristol, and in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as' it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the 'Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Whitworth (an Engineer) being examined, said. That he has lately, taken Levels and Surveys of the Line of the Canal described in the Petition, and that it is practicable to make the fame. — And,

The Reverend George Watt, being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the Country through which the Canal is intended to pass, and is of Opinion that the same will be greatly benefited thereby, as well as the Public in general. — Then,

Edward Thornhill, Esquire, being examined^ confirmed the Evidence of the last Witness.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River ‘Thames or Isis, at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described: And that Mr. Charles Dundas, Mr. Vansittart, Mr.

and Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the theretinder-signed Inhabitants of

the City of New Sarum, and Neighbourhood,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, with all due Reverence to the Wisdom of the Representatives of the Nation now in Parliament assembled, considering the critical Situation of Affairs in general, the manifold Inconveniencies and Misfortunes brought upon us in the Course of the present War with France, the Evils that may accumulate therefrom in future, and in Companion for the various Sufferings of our Countrymen in the Progress thereof, do think themselves fulfilling their Duty in a Constitutional Manner, by praying the House that they will advise His Majesty, in His supreme Wisdom, to consider of the Means of speediiy opening such Negociation with the Governing Powers of the Enemy as may convince them of our Readiness to treat on Terms of mutual good Faith and Security for the firm Establishment of Peace betwixt us and them, or, of our unanimous and determined Resolution of cheerfully bearing every Burthen, and of exerting every Power, in the Prosecution of the War, if we are not dealt with on Principles of equal Justice, and Sincerity: These, the just and hearty Willies and Resolutions of the Petitioners* they submit to the Wisdom of the House; humbly praying, at the same Time, that they will be plealed to take them into Consideration, and to act as in their high Judgment may seem meet, and most conducive to the Happiness and Security of our King, our Constitution, our Laws, and lastly, of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Penruddoeke Wyndham reported from the Com- Horseley d>-mittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees named Kint^ow« and appointed in, and by virtue of, an Act of Parlia- Mill Ro»d« ment, made and passed in the Twelfth Year of the re‘

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for p°re repairing and widening the Road from Hor/eley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, and for carrying into Execution an Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the last mentioned Act, and also for carrying into Execution an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the Two last mentioned Acts, and for amending several Roads near or adjoining to the said Road, and also of many the principal Inhabitants and Landholders residing in or nearvthe said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Merewether, being examined, said. That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, whereof the Sum of £.500 now remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually kept in Repair, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be further continued, altered, and enlarged:

— And he added, that it is necessary some small Increase should be made in the Tolls, and some Lamps provided for the Safety of Passengers, at certain dangerous Parts of the Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and for amending and reducing into one Act, the Powers of Thrte several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the F'irft, the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Horjeiey Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of , to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, and several other Roads near, or adjoining 8 to.

35 Geo. III. 130 Februar 18 d

to, the said Road: And that Mf.

and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

QuakmPctU A Petition of the Religious Society of Friends, Bu"ff*re#ntr! ca^f(^ Quakers, was presented to the House, and read; in'gOwnert'of Setting forth. That the Petitioners are well known to Shipttofarnifl) be principled against War, as a Practice incompatible Men for the the Gospel of Christ; that several of them are

concerned in Shipping, either as Owners, Matters, or Charterers, of Britis Yeflfels, and they are therefore alarmed in observing that a Bill is now depending in the House, for requiring the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to Great Britain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, whereby, if patted into a Law, it is conceived they will be obliged to relinquish their Concerns in Shipping, either solely, or jointly with others, in-as much as no Person, being of the Religious Persuasion of the Petitioners, can, confidently with his Principles, take upon him to provide Men for the Purpose of War, nor, of Course, give the desired Notice in Writing of his Intention so to do: And thfcrefore earnestly requesting. That the House will take their same into Conttderation, and not suffer them to be deprived of those Means of providing for the Subttstence of their Families, which arise from their employing a Portion of their Industry in Shipping and Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ayleflmry and Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom Roa'sT'eiif* ^>trit*on of the several Persons, whose Names are Jim spotted, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in, about, or near to, the several Places thereinafter mentioned, was referred} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr . Edward Grubb being examined, said, That the Road leading from Aylesbury to , in the-

Petition particularly described, and from thence to a Place called Red Barn, in the Parish of Great Marlow, all in the County of Buckingham, i$ very much but of Repair, narrow and incommodious to Travellers, and cannot be sufficiently alrered, amended, improved,'and kept in Repair, by the ordinary GouHe of Law. — And being further examined, he said. That it would be a great Convenience to all Persons redding near the said Places, or hiving Occasion to travel through the fame, if a Road was made from out of the Turnpike Road leading from' Aylesbury to Wendove near Behning's Farm, in the Pirish of Stoke t6 or near

to Nash Let,' in the Parish of and the

Road amended and improved from thertce, through Princes Rijborough, to or n^ar to a fjrCen, called Sheep-bridge; and a new Road made from thence, by or near to a Place called Shootacre, in that Parish, to join the present Highway to W Wycombej and the Road from thence to West Wycombe, and from West Wycombe to Red Barn aforesaid, repaired and improved. — And the W'itness further said, That the Road branching out of the said Road at Princes Rijborough aforesaid, through or adjoining to the Parishes and Places in the Petition mentioned, to Thame in the County of Oxford, is also very much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious to Travellers,' and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for' amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Aylesbury, through Princes Rijbordugh, to West Wycombe, and from thence to Red Barn, in the Parish of Great Marlow, all in the County of Buckingham, and also the Road from Princes Rijborough aforesaid (o Thame, in the County of And that Mr. Bernard and Colonel Nugent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for exe- Estimate of curing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their p Address to His Majesty,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1794.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth} ,

V OL.

3 C Navy

190

13° FebruariL

J. 1795

Navy Office, 1 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter

ri

5th February 1795.

mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1794.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stures, Freight of Transports, fcfr*. supplied for the Service thereof — —

For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards,' for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1794; as also to several Bills of Exchange ——

k To His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf — -

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid ori Books of Ships paid off — — To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1794 —

To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, fsV*. —

Victualling Debt, as perEstimate, received from those Commissioners;

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in ' Pay, and which have been paid off — — —

For paying off all Bills entered on their Course — - —

For Provisions delivered and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1794 —

For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies — — —

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - -

Sick and wounded Debt, as per Estimate, received from those Commissioners i

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and wounded Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office — —

Transport Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners j

Due for Freight of Transports on the aforesaid 31st December 1794 and other Contingencies relating to that Service — —

For Miscellaneous Services provided by that Office by Order of the Right honkl* the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury —

The Total amounts to Ten Million Four hundred and Thirteen thousand One hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence ——

From thence deducting the Money in the Treasurer's Hands — *

And. also the Money that remained to come in of the Sup-

The Debt will then be Seven Million One hundred and Eight thousand and Seventy-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence One Farthing ——

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, between ift January and 31st 1794

(incurred by the Navy and Transport Offices) —

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling (which is also included in this Debt) that the Expence of victualling Land Forces between tft January and 31st December 1794, is —

£. s.

4,082,897 — 7-|

Particular*.

I7I>953 11 4 V 322,977 — —

96,858 — . 8

343,569 8 6'

840,538 10 —

384*831 13 1.

TOTAL.

4.674*685 12 7

31,564 10 9 3,200,147 4 11

30*397 4 6 28,869 15 Ii 27,066 — — _

656,696 6 4 38,581 19 4 J

508,329 19 n

2,796,761 6 — j

- - £.

J. s. d.

973,302 2 6

289,921 1 —

1,263,223 3 6

1,568,939 11 7

3,318,044 *6 *

156,215 17 4

695,278 5 8

10,413,164 3 3 3*305,090 7 9*

7,108,07 3 15 5*

There was reflnainfagj in the Hands of the late and present Treasurerg of the Navy on the 31st December 1794, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be reckoned towards ji; " j satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

ILLl

fi it In what Treasurer's Hands. j i In Money. f ! ' f -: ( 9 On the Heads of TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamens Wages. Victuals.

Right hon*1* Isaac Bar?S, , Right honM* Dundas (ift Trearship.) Right hon*1* Charles Tmnjbend — - — Right hon"1* Hf Dundas (ad Trearship.) Right honbl* Bf Dundas > (New Account.) . i 7in Money — — — — ' — Ditto towards the Debt for £ick and Wounded Seamen — — 7 In Money — — — j Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen — — 7 In llloney ' — — —,) Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen — — . ' 1; 7 In Money — — — — J Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen — — ' »; f 7 In tal^ney^ — . j - J Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Wounded Seamen . «* — £ t jr. s. d. 3,489 9 10 3,602 11 hi M93 5 4* 3,670 14'ul 232*781 3 3l £. s, d, 2,563 10 — 10 17 9 1,750 14 IO| 10 14 11 1,006 14 7 46 7 3 618 7 3 30 2 3! 198,996 14 — i 14,722 5 6 £. s. d. 88 5 4! 116 ii 3f «43 17 1I 501 14 1 40,985 i £. s, d. J 5,952 2 ii| J 5>48o 13 i J 4>59° 4 4i 4,820 18 7 J 487*485 4 10

246,237 5 5 219,756 8 . 6i 42,335 7 io| 508,329 i 9f

o

w

o

W

I:

There remained on the 31st December 1794, to Come in from the Exchequer of the Supplies — —

Abating what has been issued to the Commissioners for Transports (as per Letter from the Right honourable Henry Dundas, Treasurer of the Navy, dated 8th January 1795) — — —

£. s. 4,813,761 6 —

17,000 — — .

£ 2,796,761 6 —

A, S. Hamond. J. Henjldw. Geo.

Rule, Geo. Rogers.

C.

SO

192

13° Februarii.

A.

*795'

Accounts

predated*

Men protected by the Adroi-rslty.

Persons employed by the Navy Board*

Per font pro* tt&ed by the Navy Office*

Persons employed and ptote&ed by the Victualling Ofice.

N° of Press Gangs*

N° of armed Sloops, Ac*

Ordered, That the said tftirbate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Arden from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, purfuattt to their Orders,

An Account of the Number -of Men who now enjoy Protestions from the Board of Admiralty, and the Causes for which such Prbteftions have been granted: And also.

An Account of the Number of Men and Boys employed in the Vessels, Craft, and Boats,'belonging to the Navy Board: And also.

An Account of the Number of Persons who enjoy Protections from the Navy Office: And also.

An Account of the Number of Men and Boys employed in any Vessel, Craft, Barge, or Boat, belonging to the Victualling Office, as well as the Number of Men who enjoy Protections from that Office: And also,

An Account of the Number of Press Gangs employed, and the Number of Men in each: And also.

An Account of the Number of Armed Sloops, Vessels, Cutters, and Tenders, employed in His Majesty's Service, with their Tonnage, and the Number of Men employed therein: And also.

An Account of ail Bounty Money paid to Seamen, BounfyJtfoney Ordinary Seamen, and Landmen, in the different PliJ*,oSel,nen Ports in this Kingdom, from the til of January 1793 an an mta* to the iff of January 1795, Number of Men

who have received such Bounty Money.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the *

other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of several Regiments and Corps to be raised for the Service of Great Britain, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, 34th Geo. III. C. 43.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 17 93 to the 24th of December 1794, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account are as followefh; viz.

Estimate of several Regiments and Corps to be ra;f*d — anil Account of Extraordin^ rl. % of the Army pre* fented.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Regiments and Corps to be raised for the Service of Great Britain in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, 34th Geo. III. C. 43.

Number*.

One Regiment of Foot, from 25th 1794 to 24th December 1795, both inclusive, being 365 One Regiment more for the like Period — Eight Regiments more of the like Numbers — 1,622 12,976 I.74I 14,958 716 36,346 16 6 290,774 12 —

One Corps for the like Period — — One Corps more of the like Numbers — — 358 358 9.581 16 — 9.581 16 —

Levy Money for the Regiments and Corps above-mentioned — — — — Allowance for Clothing and Accoutrements for Ditto Charge of Agency and Inspecting Commissaries for Ditto - — —

Total - —

Deduct, On Account of Non-effective Private Men of the Ten Regiments above-mentioned. On their Pay — — — — On the Allowance for their Clothing and Accoutrements - — — 79.935 13.813 19 7"

‘ r* ,

Remains to be provided — — I7>*55 £

Charge*

39,246 4 4 327,121 8 6

19,163 12 ---

53.095 ——

74,891 15

7.500 ——

521,018 o 6

931748 19 —

427,269 1 6

War Office,

13 th February 1795.

tV. Windham.

An

35 Geo. III. 130 Februarii. 193

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable

the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1793 to the 44th of

cember 1794, both inclusive 5 and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants. 1794.

March 7th. 10th,

January 15th.

May 12th. June 4th. September 20th.

January 31st. February 25th.

May 20th. March 5 th. June 19th.

Ntvember 5th.

December 9th. February 25th. March 31st. July 2 2d. October 16 th, June 4th.

March 5th. 6th.

May 12th. July 22d.

Vol. L.

To nomas Everett, Merchant, on Account for victualling the Gar rifon of Gibraltar, from the 29th of July to the ajth of August 1793 —

To D°, on Account for victualling D* Garrison,

from 8th April to 5th May 1793, and from 3d

June to the 28th July 1793 — —

To D#, on Account for victualling D* Garrison, from 26th Augustto 12th October 1793 — —

To A.DaviJon, Esquire, for Provisions purchased for the Troops in Canada and Nova Scotia —

To D*, for D° Service — — —

To D*, for D* Service — — —

— . — 2,962 10 —

8,115 2 1 4.33*

12 T I

To D*, in Part Payment for a Quantity of Provisions delivered into Stores in Upper and Lower Canada ——

To Edmund "Thornton, on'Account, for fumishing Frefh Meat for the Army under Sir Charles Grey To Messrs. Hubbert and Rowcroft, for 707 Firkins of Butter, delivered into the Army Victualling Stores ——

To D*, for 915 Firkins of D*, delivered into D* — To D*, for 765 Firkins of D % delivered into D* — To Meffirs. Atkinson and C*, for 486 Barrels of Pork, delivered into D* — — —

To Messrs. R. and A. Pott, for Sixteen Hogsheads of Vinegar shipped for the Use of the Forces at Nieuport ——

To Messrs. Wilde, Watts, and Body, for 159 Calks of Sugar, delivered into the Army Victualling Stores — — — . — -

To John Green, for 1,510 Firkins of Butter, delivered into D* — — —

To Eliztt Pickftone, on Account of Provisions kept up in the islands of Guernf and —

To D°> on Accounr, for D* Service in —

To D°, on Account, for D* Service in Jersey — To D\ on Account, for D# Service in Guernsey and

7"Jv — r — — —

To D*, on Account, for D* Service in Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney — — , —

To Mr. IV. Palgrave,in Part of a Warrant for f. 1 >394* Hi. for 500 Barrels of Flour, delivered into the Army Victualling Scores . —

6.006

9.006 i»°93

*3

13

16

8

6,006 13

7.JOO — —

1.54* 2 4

2.449 8 IO

1,619 8 8

1,7H 3 —

4 8

1.492 14 —

3,321 11 5

226 9 7

482 18 3

482 18 3

226 9 7

*,047 18 4

744 11 5

60,428 l6 IO

Deduct the Amount of Stoppages for Provisions from the Regiments in America and the West Indies,from December 1793 to December 1794 — 47,375 — —

To Messrs. Goodwyn and C*, for 150 Barrels of Porter shipped for the Forces in the West Indies — — 289 11 —

To Messrs. Cox, King, Curtis, and Payne, for 150 Barrels of D#, for D* Service — — 289 11 —

To Thomas Allen, for 8,038 Calks, delivered into the Army Victualling Stores — — — 2,200 1 6

To D*, for 9,079 D % delivered into D* — 2,501 5 6

To D#, for 9,023 D°, delivered into D* — *>485 17 6

3*>

33.053 t6 *0

579 2 —

7.187 4 $ To

r\rv,

194

130 Febru

A. 1795.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Sir R. Boyd, for sundry special Contingent Services, for the Garrison of Gibraltar — i>77° 8 7

To D®, drawn by Lieutenant General for

D® Service — — 1,7$1 1 3

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Henry Hamilton, Bermuda Islands, for Public Services —

To D#, draWn by Peter*LeGovernor of

Alderney, for D® Services — —

To D°, drawn by J. Eppes, Commissary at Newfoundland, for D® Services — —

To D®, drawn by Adam Williamfort, Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica, for D# Services — To D®, drawn by Wm Macarmick, Lieutenant Governor of Cape Breton, for D° Services To D#, drawn by the Earl of , Commander in Chief at Jersey., for D® Services — To D®, drawn by J. Wentworth, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, for D® Services — To D % drawn by Ja‘ Set on-, Governor of Saint Vincent's, for D* Services — —

To D*, drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama Islands, -D° Services — To D*, drawn by the Earl of Moira, for D# Services ——

To D®, drawn by J. H. Craig, Conaonandant at

Guernsey, for D® Services ToD°, drawn by Ja‘ Bruce, Lieutenant Governor x>f Dominica, for D# Services — —

To D®, drawn by Udm* F, Lieutenant Governor of St. Join's, for D° Services —

To D®, drawn by P, F. Thorne, Commandant of St. Peter's, for D# Services — —

To D*, drawn by Jn* Stanley, President of the Council at Antigua,.for D® Services ~

To D®, drawn by Alex' Brymer,-Deputy Paymaster

at Nova Scotia, For D® Services — — -

To D®, drawn by Jn' Robinson,. Deputy Paymaster -at New Brunswick, for D® Services — —

To D®, drawn by Wm Anstruther, Commandant at Guernsey, for D° Services — . —

To D®, drawn by Niniam Home, Lieutenant. Governor of Grenada, for -D® Services —

To D®, drawn by Alured Clarke, Lieutenant Governor of Quebec, far D® Services — - —

To D®, drawn by Jn‘ Small, Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey, for D® Services — —

To D*, drawn by G. P. Ricketts, Governor of Barbadoes, for D® Services . — —

To D®, drawn by W. Bishop, Commandant at D°, for D® Services — ' - -i- — -

To D®, drawn by Jn0JaJfary, General

in the West Indies, for D® Services —

To D®, drawn by Philip Fall, Lieutenant Governor of Jersey, for D® Services — - —

To D®, drawn by Brook Wation, Esquire, Com-- -missary ^General on the Continent, for D° Ser vices

To D®, drawn by the late Commissioners for ~ mianagingCivil-Affairs at Toulon, for D° Services ——

To D®, drawn by John Erskine, Commissary General of D®, for D® Services — —

To D®, drawn by Mr. Draklate Minister at Genoa, for D® Services — — —

To D®, drawn by Alex' Commissary to

the Forces under the Command of the Earl of Moira, for D® Services

Governor of the 19,125 18 3

1,000 ——

200 4 6

130/373 i° 6

839 9 34,00a 17 7

18,358 16 4

4,683 4 10 43,878 — 4 360 5 —

710 ——

2,750 — — 305 12 10 8a8 18 — 1,802 4 —

8/263 13 5

9,064 12 6

-1,175 4 11

1,7-86 10 2

i,796 5 3

5,420 ——

418 4 -8

V.16 6 11

a,ioo 5 8

2,324 ——

--- — I,l8lylli6 18 1

139,621 ——

91,251 17 — 9,158 — 11

— 143,678 6 2

To Cash paid by Mr. Winjlow, Acting Deputy Paymaster in Canada,

towards the Expences of th'e "Civil Department of that Province, for Six Months, to 24th December 1793 — — — — 6,o83 10 11

3,5H 9 10

1,956,210 7 9

To

55 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

195

To Calli paid by Mr. Winftow, Acting Deputy Pay-master in Canada, towards the Expences of the Civil Department of that Province, for Six Months, to 24th June 1794 — — 13,073 1 6

To D® paid by D®, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in Canada, for One Quarter, to 24th

December 17 93 — — — 7,657 6 3

To D® paid by D®, for D®, to 24th March 1794 12,320 5 3

To D® paid by D®, for D®, to 24th June 1794 — 4,987 8 10

To D® paid by D®, for D®, to 24th September 1794 21,557 ® 4

To D® paid by Mr. Brymer, ailing Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province for One Quarter, to 24th December 1793 — — — — 4,083 10 2

To D® paid by D®, for D®, to 24th March 1794 — 1,676 18 4

To D® paid by D", for D % to 24th June 1794 — 888 13 n

To D® paid by D®, for D®, to 24th September 1794 1,632 7 10

To Bills of Exchange drawn by the ailing Deputies in the Indies, on Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army there, in the Year 1794 ——

Dates of Warrants.

65,683 15 I

8,281 10 3

189,000 ——

*794.

May 12th. To Baron De Alvenfieben, to reimburse so much expended on Account of the Field EstablishnOent of the Duke of York, to the 31st

ber 1793 ——

January 8th. Tp A.Davison, Esquire, for the Purchase, See. of Flannel Shirts, Drawers, and Socks, for the Forces Abroad — 14,334 19 9

February 15th. To D®, for the Purchase of sundry Stores shipped on Board the British Queen and Bourdeaux Packet,

Sic. — — — 12,340 18 3

April 30th. To D®, for the Purchase of Cloathing shipped on Board the George and Mary Ann, for a particular Service — — — ~ 7,97a 5 5

May 20th. To. D®, for Shingles, sent to Barbadoes — 806 8 11

To D®, for Shoes, and Musquet Flints, sent to

Southampton — — — 267 15 7

June 14th. To D®, for Shingles, sent to — 289 8 10

23d. To D®, for Expences incurred in the Purchase of Blankets for the Use of the Forces serving Abroad — - — — ' 4,184 8 9

August nth. To-D®, for the Keep, &c. of 40 Horses intended for Public Service in Barbadoes, in Conference of an Embargo in America . — . 85 19 4

16th. To D®, for Shingles, Scantlings, and Horses, sent

to Barbadoes - 2,226 11 10

February 26th. To Ja* Poole, Waggon Mailer General to the Army on the Continent, to carry on this Service — , — 500 — —

March 17th. To D®, for D® Service — — — 560 — —

April 5th. To D®,' for D® Service — — — 500 — —

29th. To D®, for Cloathing, Forge Carts, Tools, &c. for the Use of his Department — — 3*35* 6 —

May 19th. To D®, for the Balance of his Account — 370 5 9

1792.

August 31st.'

1793*

June nth.

November 4th.

_ , ,794. February i8ch.

To Captain Jn° Barnes, for the Balance of his Account, as Deputy Quarter Mailer. General in Canada, between 25th

December 1785 and 24th December 1786 — To the Representatives of Colonel G. JebnJon, for Two Articles surcharged in his Account as late IP 5 1*

Superintendant of Indian Affairs in America — . To Colonel Geo. Forfter, for the Balance of his Account, as Commanding Q&<tr of the Forces at OJwagatcbi, and on an Expedition to the Cedres, 28 8 4

in the Year 1776 — — — 28 *7 —

To R. Walpole, Minister at UJbon, to reimburse so much expended by him in the Purchase of Straw and Barley for the Use of Part of the 12th Regiment of Dragoons, who put into that Port in Dif-

tress — — — — 26 «» 5

14,022 —

42,503 16 8

5,221 11 9

To

196

Dates of Warrants.

1794-February 20th.

March 5th.

6th.

*8th.

31st.

April 4th.

5th.

29th.

May 1 ft.

14th.

19th.

28th.

29th.

June 2d.

130 Februarii.

To Messrs. R. and J. Miles, and others. For certain Articles of Cloathing for French Prisoners to British Forces in Flanders — — —

To Colonel W* Spry, for the Balance of his Account, as Commanding Engineer in North America, from 15th September 1774 to .31st December 1782 ——

To Major JtC Cambel, for the Balance of his Account, as late Commanding Engineer in North America, between 20th April 1779 an^ 3*ft August

*794 ~ —

To Sir W. Medows, for D* of his Account of Money received and expended for the Use of the Troops under his Command on a secret Expedition to the East Indies, between 17 th January 1781 and 16th January 1783 — 7 —

To Major General Dundas, for his Travelling Expences in going to Toulon, as One of the Commissioners of that Place — — —

To Sir R. Boyd, K. B. for extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments at Gibraltar, from 25th June to 24th December 1793 — —

To fV. Smith, Esquire, Treasurer of the Ordnance, for sundry Entrenching Tools, delivered for the Use of the Troops on the Continent —

To Wm Devaynes, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as Contractor for victualling 3,250 Men in North America, in the Year 1782 —

To Jn Nugent, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as Lieutenant Governor and Commander in Chief of the Leeward and Charribbee I (lands, between 16th June 1788 and ift December 1789 To Ensign Cha‘ Smith, of the 14th Regiment of Foot, being His Majesty's Bounty, in Consideration of the Loss of his Leg on Service in Flanders ——

To Captain H. Smith, for Subsistence and other Expences of an Independent Company raised at Toulon ——

To Jof. Domford, Esquire, CommiiTary of Accounts of the Forces on the Expedition under the Earl of Moira, on Account of the Contingencies of his Office ——

To Tho‘ Hijlop, Esquire, Deputy Adjutant General to the Forces in Corjica, for Expences incurred by him in bringing Dispatches from thence to England ——

To H. Minchin, Esquire, for his Contingent Expences incurred to enable him to undertake and d'scharge the Duties of the Office of Deputy Paymaster of the Troops at Toulon, to which he had been appointed — — —

To Captain R. Duer, late Lieutenant in the 14th Regiment of Foot, for the Expence attending the Cure of his Wound received at the Siege of Valenciennes ——

To lVm Smith, Esquire, Treasurer of the Ordnance, for sundry Entrenching Tools, delivered for the Use of the Troops on the Continent —

To J. Di Micbell, Assistant Commissary of the Forces at Toulon, for the Travelling and other Expences incurred in Consequence of being ordered to join the said Forces — —

To Captain H. Smith, for Subsistence and other Expences attending an Independent Company raised at Toulon ——

To RoV Hunter, Esquire, Attorney to the Executrix of Richard Murray, for the Balance of his Account, as Commissary of Prisoners at Quebec, from 25th of June 1778 to the 24th December 1782 — To Major F. Mason, for bringing Dispatches of the Surrender of the island of St. Lucia — —

2,964 2 8

L374 4 846 2 4

24 7 6

131 5 —

96 7 4

a72 3 1 21 19 4

46 4 —

66 18 4

1,000 — —

400 — —

*39 11 —

67 18 — 83 3 —

290 l6 I

ao — —

aoo — —

105 12 —

500 — —

A. 1795.

To

3 5 Geo. III.

130 Februar

197

Dates of Warrants.

L-i |

1794.

J ad.

loch. 13th-18 th. July ad. 4th. a5th. a8th.

30th. August nth.

28th.

September ad. October 7 th.

16th.

November 5th. December 9th.

tath.

To'Captain T. Grey, for bringing Dispatches of the Surrender of the Island of — — <

To Lieutenant Colonel H. G. Grey, for bringing D® of the Surrender of the Wand of Martinico — To Major Jn* Murray, for bringing D® of the Defeat of the French near Cateau, by the Forces under the Duke of Fork To V.P. Malouet, for his Expences relative to the Affairs- of St. Domingo, from ift March to 4th April 1794 —

To Sir G. Elliot, Baronet, in lieu of Plate, on his

Appointment as One of the Commissioners at Toulon ——

To Captain H. Smith, for Slop Cloathing and Necessaries for his ad Independent Company of Chalfeurs, raised at Toulon — —

To C.Majon, Esquire, Commissary of Accounts of the Army on the Continent, for the Contingencies of his Office — — —

To Major General Ainjlie, for sundry Expences incurred it The Hague, and for Travelling Expences

to and from Dort, See. — — —

To Major Coote Manningham, for his Expences on his Passage and Journey from Guadaloupe to London with Dispatches from Sir Charles Grey — To the Representatives of Val. , Esquire, late

Governor of St. Vincent's, in Part of the Balance of his Account — — —

To Captain E. Nagle, of the Ship for the

Freight of £. 300,000, in Silver, from Woolwich to Hamburgh — — —

To Jn° Turner, Esquire, for sundry Articles for Pre-fents to the Indians in Canada — — -

To C. Majon, Esquire, Commissary of Accounts of the Army on the Continent, for the Contingencies of his Office ——

To Captain J. Manley, of the Ship Syren, for the Freight of £.300,000 in Silver, from Long Reach to Hamburgh — — —

To Lieutenant Colonel Whitelocke, for bringing Dispatches of the Capture of Port au Prince, in St. Domingo — , — — —

To Jn* Turner, Esquire, for Cloathing for the Use of the Nova Scotia Provincial Regiments ——

To Sir Jn*Vaughan, to provide himself with an Equipage as General and Commander in Chief in the West Indies To Jn* Turner, Esquire, for Indian Presents, Iron Ware, Cloathing for Two Companies of Royal Waggoners on the Continent, and Blankets for the Corps of Emigrants — — —

To Lieutenant General Rainsford, for the extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments at from a5th December 1793 to 24th June 1794 — To J. Dorn/ord, Esquire, Commissary of Accounts of the Forces under the Command of the Earl of Moira, for the Contingencies of his Office — To Colonel lVmFullarton, in Re-payment of the Sums disbursed by him in the Year 1780, in raising a Corps of i.aoo Men, and other Services relative to a secret Expedition

500 — —

500 — —

he fth

— 44 —

2,600 9 7 ao6 17 — 500 — — 204 4 — 11a 3 —

5,000 — —

375 -

SW 9 4

500 — —

375 -

500 ——

971 6 a

— 1,000 — —

4>352 *5 — 47 17 9

500 ——

— — I5>75° *7 3

February 20th.

May 23d. July 22d. September ift.

19th.

Vol. L.

7 5

To IV. Adams and Ja* Hodge, on Account, for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw to the Forces encamped in the Summer 1793 — — —

To D®, for D® Service, 1794 — —

To D®, for D" Service — — -

To D®, for Stores destined for the Army under the Command of the Earl of Moira, at Netley To D®, for supplying Bread, Wood, Forage, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in the Summer

1794 — —

8,768

20,000

25,000

-- 7,006 13 -

— — 35>°°° -

3E

48,576 >6 »

To

130 Februarii;

A. 1795.

198

Dates of Warrants.

1794.

October 17 th.

November 14th. September 29th.

October 14th. November 17 th.

‘'January 15th.

To IV. Adams and Ja' Hodge, on Account for {applying Bread, Forage, Wood, and Straw, to the Forces encamped in the Summer 1794 . —

To D°, for D° Service — — —

To Messrs. J. and H.Cutler, for supplying Bread,

20,006

20,004

13

11

Wood, Straw, and Camp at Netley To D°, for D° Service To D°, for D* Service

Forage, to the Troops in

6.000 —

2.000 —

10,000 —

March 28th. April 16th.

30th. May 9th. 23d.

June 6th,

eoth.

July 4th. 30th.

August 6th. 13th.

October 15 th,

To Major General Leland, for 200 Days Forage, as neral, with One Aide de Camp — —

To sundry General and Staff Officers, in Consideration of their not having drawn Forage from the Magazines during the Campaign, from ift July to 7th November 1793 — —

To Sir G. OJbome, for Baggage and Forage Money for 40th Regimertt of Foot, having Orders to embark for Service — — —

To Lieutenant General Dalrym for an Allowance to the Officers of the 47th Regiment of Foot, in Consideration of their being encamped in the Bahama islands in the Years 1790 and 1791 —

To Lieutenant General Piston, for Baggage and Forage Money for the 12th Regiment of Foot, ordered on Foreign Service — —

To D°, for Bat and Blanket Horses for D" Regiment ——

To Major General Trigge, for 200 Days Forage, as a Major General, with One Aide de Camp —

To Major General Garth, for extra Expences of Forage, as a Major General, in the Year 1793 To the Colonels of Two Regiments of Fencible Men, for Baggage Horses for their respective Corps, being ordered to take the Field . —

To D8, for Baggage and Forage Money for D8 —

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for D° for their respective Corps, being ordered on Foreign Service — — —

To D", for Bat Horses — — —

To the Colonels of sundry Corps, for additional Bat Horses for the Companies serving in Flanders, to carry the Camp Kettles — —

To the Colonels of sundry Corps of Militia, for Baggage Horses for their respective Corps, being ordered to take the Field — —

To the Colonels of sundry D°, for an Allowance for their respective Corps, having been ordered to take the Field, being the Second Year of their Encampment — —

To the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of Hospitals, for Forage Money, on taking the Field in the Year 1794 ——

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Foot, for Bat Horses for their respective Corps —

To the Colonels of sundry Regiments, for additional B&t Horses to carry the Camp Kettles of their respective Corps serving on the Continent — - —

For Baggage Horses for the Detachments of sundry Regiments of Dragoon Guards and Dragoons — For Bat Horses for D° Detachments — —

Tp Sir G. OJbome, for Forage Money for the additional Companies to the 40th Regiment of

For additional Bat Horses, to carry the Blankets of the Foot Guards serving on the Continent — For Bat Horses for the Companies of Foot Guards lately ordered on Foreign Service — —

For Baggage and Forage Money for D° Companies - —

To the Colonels of sundry Corps serving on the Continent, for additional Bat Horses for the

a Major Ge-133 ——

759 i° 6 453 *5 —

542 10 —

543 *5 — 210 — —

133 ——

37 12 ~

793 16 — 907 10 —

2,693 *5 —

2*92 9 10 —

1,360 16 — *7*747 2 —

8*496 14 —

5>704 15 — -i,757 14 —

— 1*247 8 —

302 8 — 907 4 —

90 ——

604 16 —

226 16 —

180 — —

153*786 4 5

1

Conveyance

3 5 Geo. III.

130 Febru

199

Dates of Warrants.

1794-

Conveyance of the Tents and Blankets of the Troops and Companies of their respective Regiments — — — — 5,670 —

October 15 tb.To Lieutenant General for Bat Horses for the 14th Regiment of Light Dragoons — 113 8

January 15 th. February 14th.

March 28th.

June 6th. August nth.

13 th.

October 14th.

To Mefirs. J. and S. Trotter, for providing Hammock. Bedding for the Use of the Forces — — —

To D® for Hospital Bedding, Tents, and Stores, for the Army under Lord Moira — —

To D®, for D®, for the Forces under Sir Charles Grey ——

To D®, for D°, for the Forces on the Continent —

To D°, for Hospital Stores, for D° Forces —

To D®, for D°, for the Forces in Great Britain —

To D®, for D®, for the Forces in Jamaica —

To D®, for Hospital Bedding, &c. for the Use of the Forces ——

To D®, for Camp Necefiaries for the Use of the Forces ——

To D®, for D® Service — — —

To D°, for Camp Necefiaries sent to OJlend for the Use of the Forces on the Continent —

To D®, for Camp Necefiaries, Hospital Bedding,

&c. for the Use of the Forces — —

To D®, for Camp Necefiaries for the Use of Foreign Corps on the Continent — —

>793*

August 7th. To the Earl of Uxbridge, for providing Camp N« Stafford Militia, for the Year 1793 — —

December 27th. To General Hodgjon, for providing D® for the nth Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Year —

To Lord Dorchester, for providing D® for 15th D®,

for D® Year — — —

To Field Marshal Conway, for providing D® for the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for D® Year ——

To Lord Grey, for providing D® for the

Militia, for D® Year — — —

To Lieutenant General Grant, for providing D® for the nth Regiment of Foot, for D® Year — To the Duke of Richmond, for providing D® for the Sussex Militia, for D° Year — —

To the Reprefenratives of the Earl of Pembroke, for providing D® for id Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Year — — —

To General Johnftonfor providing L® for the 6th Regiment of D®, for D" Year — —

To Field Marshal Sir G. Howard, for providing D° for the ill Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for D® Year — . — — -

To Sir IF. Fawcett, K. B. for providing D® fol 3d Regiment of D®, for D® Year — —

To General Jchnston, for providing D® for 2d Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Year — —

To Lieutenant General Harcourt, for providing D® for the 16th Regiment of D®, for D® Year — June 18th. To Major Lewis, for providing D° for the Cardigan Militia, for D® Year — — ~

To Major Beavan, for providing D® for the Radnor D®, for D® Year — — —

>794-January 8th.

February 26th. March 12th. May 30th.

June 6th.

>793-December 18 th.

1794. January 8th.

Secretary to the Duke of York, to 22d August

>7 93 ——

To Sir JV. Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th December

>7 93 — — —

To i?. Harborne, Esquire, Deputy Commissary of Mullers, for his extra Trouble and Expence in consequence of the unusual Number of Troops

3.575 1 4

4.873 7 —

2,440 16 —

1,810 6 11

1,407 8 3

94 — 11

148 5 3

24,081 11 9

3.689 >3 6

42.671 >9 —

4»5>3 4 8

63,786 >7 4

5,856 II 9

ceflaries for th<

238 >4 4

ON Co 00 12 10

637 16. IO

630 19 8

238 t4 4

*54 14 4

Co 00 >3 10

629 9 2

c* n so 16 6

847 S 4

618 5 10

635 >7 6

640 3 6

62 6 2

62 u 2

' having acted a

5 >4 7 2

693 7 11

54,546 14 6

158,95° 3 8

7>°87 .4

stationed

200

Dates of Warrants.

1794.]anuary 8 th.

13° Februarii.

A. 1795.

January 15th.

24th. February 7 th. 12th. 21ft. March ift.

7th.

19th.

31st.

April 14th.

16th. May iathk

23d. June 13th. July 2d.

stationed in the District which he has been appointed to mutter, in the Year 1793 — 50 — —

To Tho‘ Keate, Esquire, for 69 Days Pay, as Inspector of Regimental Hospitals, to 24th December 1793 — — — — 32 13 7

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for 183 Days additional Pay, as Quarter Matter General, to D° — 693 7 11

To D°, for 36 c Days Pay of his Two Assistants, as

D®, to D° — — — — 172 17 6

To the Representatives of the late Ef-

quire, for 296 Days Pay, as Inspector General of Hospitals, to 16th October 1793 — — 560 15 6

To Jn° Gunning, Esquire, for 69 Days Pay, as Surgeon General to the Forces, to 24th December

1793 ~ — — — 98 — 10

To Lieutenant General Town/end, Inspector General of Recruiting, for Six Months Pay, &c. of Staff Officers at Duncannon Fort, to D° — — 436 2 5

To D°, for his Pay as D°, for Six Months, to D° — 260 — 6

To Sir Jal Murray, for 119 Days Pay, for having acted as Secretary to the Duke of , to 19th December 1793 — — — 33s

To Lieutenant R. IVeeks, for Pay and Forage, as Major of Brigade, from 2d July to 5th December

>7 93 — 7- — — 93 7 a

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, to various Periods,

for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada — — — — 164 6 —

To Herbert Taylor, Esquire, for 305 Days Pay, for having acted as Attistant Secretary to the Duke> of York, to 24th December 1793 — — 255 18 8

To Dan1 Frazer, late Captain in the Queen's American Rangers, for One Year's Allowance, to 31st December 1793> for his long Services prior to the late War — — — — 40 — —

To Adam Murray, for 133 Days Pay, as Surgeon to the Garrison of Tobago, to 24th December 1793 — — — — 62 19 10

To Major General Carleton, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 24th December 1793, as Governor of the Province of New BrunJwick — — 250 — —

To Alexr IViJhart, for 184 Days Half Pay, for his Services as late Second Lieutenant on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, to 25th Decemb 1793 — 9 4 — To Brook Watson, Esquire, for 182 Days Pay, as Superintendant and Director of Forage, Provisions, Necessaries, and Extraordinaries of the Army on the Continent, to ift March 1794 — 728 — —

To Major Samuel Moore, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 24th March 1794, for his long Services, particularly during the Siege of Gibraltar — 75 — —

To sundry General Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Land Forces, for 31 Days, to 24th January 1793 — — 220 4 9

To J. D. Micbell, for 151 Days Pay, as Clerk to Jn* Erskine, Esquire, Committary General at Toulon, to 31st March 1794 — 37 15 —

To Ja‘ Lawrie, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 21st December 1793, for his Services, as late Superintendant, &c. on the Mojquito Shore — 250 — —

To G. Townjend, for 365- Days Pay, as Assistant Committary of the Army in America, to 31st December 1793 — — — 182 IO —

For the Pay of the General and Staff Officers serving with the Forces under the Command of the Earl of Moira,to 24th December 1793 — 1,325 3 1

To Sir R. Elphinstone, K. B. for 131 Days Allowance, as Governor of Fort La Malgue, in the Port of Toulon, to 31st December 1793 — 393 — - —

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay, from 25th June to 25th December 1793, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada — — 87 8 —

To

35 Geo. III. i

Dates of Warrants.

1794.

"July 2d.

4th.

2 2d.

28th. Jltt. August 1 ith. 22d.

September 15 th.

18th.

October 15th. 26th.

November 14th. 26th.

December 10 th.

'January 8 th.

February 7 th. March 28 ch.

To sundry Persons, for their Pay as Assistant Commissaries to the Army under the Duke of to 24th December 1793 — — —

To Sir Wa Fawcftt, K.B. for 182 Days additional

Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1794 — To Lieutenant General Mor for 182 Days additional D°, as Quarter Matter General to D° — To the Representatives of Lieutenant General Townsend, for his Pay for superintending the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1793 to 17th May 1794 — — —

To D°, for the Pay, See. of Staff Officers at Dun-cannon Fort, for Six Months, to 24th June 1794 To Ja* Lawrie, Esquire, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 21 ft June 1794, as late Superintendant, &c. on the Mosquito Shore — —

To sundry Persons, for their Pay as Commissaries of the Forces at Toulon, to 24th December 1793 To the Representatives of P. Sinnott, for 362 Days Allowance, to 30th April 1794, as late Lieutenant Governor of Niagara — —

To sundry Persons, for their Pay as Assistant Commissaries, See. to the Army under the Duke of Fork, to 24th June 1794 — —

To G. Brinley, Esquire, for 386 Days Pay, as Commissary of the Army at Halifax, to 21st June 1794 To D®, for 386 Days additional D°, as D°, to D° — To sundry Persons for Half Pay, from 26th of December 1793 to 24th June 1794, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada —

To M. Petrie, Esquire, for 170 Days Pay, as Comer) iflary of Accounts of thje Forces at , to 12th June 1794 — — —

To A. M. Brown, for Three Years and 45 Days Pay, as Barrack Matter of the IHand of St. Vincent, to 19th August 1794 — —

To R. Michell, Father of the late Dunwell

Micbell, for 79 Days Pay, to 18th June 1794, as Clerk to Jn° Erskine, who was appointed Commissary General at Toulon — —

For the Pay of the Staff Officers of the Garrison of Tobago, to 24th December 1793 — —

Tp Lieutenant General Rainsford, for 90 Pays Pay, as a Lieutenant General, with Two Aides de Camp, to 24th December 1793 — —

Tp Major W. Gunn, for 547 Days Pay, as Copi-missary for muttering the Hanoverian Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, to 31st August 1794 — >

Tp R. J. Smith, for 484 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of the Army in America, to 27th October 1794 ——

To B. Waff on, Esquire, for 183 Days Pay, as Superintendant and Director of Forage, Provisions, Necessaries, and Extraprdinaries of the Army on the Continent, to 31st August 1794 — —

Tp Lieutenant J. Lyons Nixfor Pay and Forage, as a Major of Brigade, tp 15th November 1794

74$ — 689 12 t 689 12 1

504 12 — 443 1.0 3

250 ——

301 15 —

148 15 4

811 15 —

289 10 — 96 10 —

7 6 18 6

34® -

342 6 —

19 15 — 129 9 2

426 5 4

L994 ——

242 — —

732 ——

86 5 1

To pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for One Year's Allowance, to Chri 1793, for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland, See. 634 — 10 To Lord A. Gordon, for so much expended for the good of His Majesty's Service in North Britain, in the Year 1793 — — - — _ 300 — —

To Jr," Geddes, Esquire, for Necessaries for the

Forces in North Britain — — 1,427 9 *

To R. B. Henderson, Esquire, for Oatmeal, Firing,

Candles, &c. furnished for the Forces in the several Garrisons in North Britain and the Out Polls in their Neighbourhood, from the ill July to 31st December 1793 — — 1,202 6 10

.You L.

3 F

201

16,184 4 *

3,563 i6 10 To

2oi

Dates of Warrants.

1793*

December 27th.

1794-

January 8 th.

130 Februarii.

A. 1795.

15th.

24th. February 7 th.

14th. March 7 th. 12th.

19th. April 5th. 16th. 30 th.

May 14th. June 27th. November 12th.

to Lord Elphinstone, for providing Coals, Candles,

Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 16th March to the 14th June 1793 — — —

To Lieutenant Governor , for providing

D° for the Forces in Landguard Forty from 25th of December 1792 to 24th June 1793 —

To Lord Elphinstone, for providing D° for the

Forces in Edinburgh Cajl, from 15th June to 13th September 1794 — — —

To James Moneypenny, for providing divers Utensils for the Barracks at Knightsbridge, in the Year 1793 — — . —

To IV. B. Clinton, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouthy St. Nicholas Island,&c. from 25th June to the 24th December 1793 ——

To D°, for providing and repairing Utensils, &c. for the Barracks ac Plymouth Dock, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793 —

To Ja‘. Moneypenny, for Coals, Candles, &c. for additional Companies and Recruits, dec. of the , Foot Guards, in the Barracks at Knightsbridge, supplied between 24th June and 25th December

1793 — — — —

To EdwJ Kent, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from D° to D° — — , —

To Sir Hew Dalrymple, Commandant of the Forces at Chatham Barracks, for the general Account of Expenditures for Pay, Contingencies, &c. for Six Months, to 24th December 1793 —

To Wm Patriarcbe, for providing Coals, Candles,

&c. for the Forces in the lfiand of Jersey, from 25th June to 24th December 1793 — —

To lVm Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty's Proportion of 854$ Chaldrons of Coals received at Gibraltar ——

To Major General Trigge, for providing and repairing Utensils, and for furnishing Coals and Can-! dies far the Barracks at Hiljea, Portsmouth, &c. from 25th June to 24th Decem 1793 To Ja\ Boucher, Esquire, for providing Coals, Can-

dles, &c. for the Troops in Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford's Fort, from D° to D" — —

To G. Leith, Junior, for providing D° for the Barracks at Deal, from D° to D° — —

To lVm Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty's Proportion of 531 Chaldrons of Coals received at Gibraltar — — — — .

To Lord Elphinstone, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 14th September to 13 th December 1793 — —

To Lord Amberjl, for supplying D° for the-Forces

in Guernsey, from 25th June to 24th December

1793 — " — —

To fVmMerry, Esquire, for the extra Charge of

Freight, &c. on 1,385 $ Chaldrons of Coals sent to Gibraltar — — — .

To Lord Cathcart, for the Expence of Coals for the Use of the Sick of the 29th Regiment of Foot at IVind/or, in the Year 1791 — —

To D° for D° Service, in the Year 1792 —

To Colonel Torke, for Necessaries furnished for the Use of the Forces in The Tower, for Six Months, to Lady Day 1794 — — —

To Lieutenant Governor Singleton, for providing Coals and Candles for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th June to 24th 1793 —

To Governor P. AL.Irving, for providing D° for the Forces in Upnor Castle, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793 —

&c. 162

*63

169

-- 2X0

8

lSS

for the 7 11

13 3 17 10

5 —

3 9

1 10

34+ — 4 720 7 11

1,497 1 4 1,036 2 10 1*3*4 9

— 620 12 4

77

261

11 8

7 8

1 —

823 217 12 10 i*247 3>9+i

6 7

19 2

27

32

764

168

14 — 2 —

12 —

2 —

— 24 2 8

14,071 17 8

To

35 Geo. Ilf. 130 Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

17 93-

November 8th.

1794-"January 31st. May 9th.

To Ja‘ Johnson,on Account, for building new Stables for the ift

Regiment of Life Guards — — 2,000 — —

To D°, on Adcount of D® Service — 2,000 — —

To D®, on Account of D° Service — — 3,oco ——

Dates of Deputy Secretary at War's Letters.

1794.

January 3d.

6th.

8:h.

9th.

17th.

23d. 20th. February id. March 3d.

Dates of Secretary at War's Letters.

January 18 th.

February 18th. April 3d. May 8th. 27th.

>iy 3d.

28th. August 26th. October 8th. November 13th.

1789. August 7th.

*793*

October 23d.

30th. November 13th.

December 27 th. Dates of Warrants.

1,000

336

12 10

To Messrs. Cox and C®, to answer a Rill drawn by an Officer of the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, towards the Expence of erecting Barracks — . — —

To D®, to answer D° drawn by D°, for D® Service To D#, to answer D° drawn by Colonel De,

Deputy Adjutant General, for D® Service To D®, to answer D® drawn by an Officer of the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Service To D®, to answer D® drawn by D° of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Service To D®, to answer D® drawn by D® of the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, for D° Service

— 4,500 — —

— 53i 17 3

— 1,000 ——

To D®, to answer D® drawn by Colonel De Lancey,

— 500 — - —

Deputy Adjutant General, for D® Service To D®, to answer D® drawn by an Officer of the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, for D° Service To D®, to answer D® drawn by Colonel De , Deputy Adjutant General, for D® Service To D®, to answer D® drawn by an Officer of 3d Regiment of Dragoons, for D® Service

— 600 — —

— 50 ——

— 968 4 5

— 1,000 — —

To Colonel De Lancey, Barrack Matter General, for the Erection of Barracks, for the Supply of Stores, &c. and for providing Forage' for the Troops therein ~ — -+ —

To D®, To D®, To D®, To D®, To D®, To D®, To D®, To D®, To D®,

for D® Service for D® Service for D° Service for D° Service for D® Service for D® Service for D° Service for D® Service for D® Service

5,000 ——

20.000 — ' —

17.000 — —

20.000 -

20.000 — —

25.000 ——

20.000 ----- .

20.000 -

75.000 -

13.000 ——

To Captain F. A, Wetherall, for providing Knapsacks for his Independent Company of Foot — " — - 31 16 —

To General Murray, for providing D® for the 21st Regiment of Foot — — —

To Major General Gunning, for providing D® for the 65th D® — ' — —

To Lieutenant General E for providing D® for the 53d D® — — —

To Major General Powell, for providing D® for the 69th D" ——

To Lieutenant General Brown, for providing D® for the 67th D® ——

To Major General Abercromby, for providing D® for the 6th D° > ——

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for providing D® for the 4th D° ——

82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — 55 8 -

82 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 —

*7 94- _

December 27th. To His Royal Highness Prince , for providing D® for the 7th D® — — 82 18 —

To Sir Wm Erskine, for providing D® for the 26th

D® — — . — 82 18 —

To the Earl of Eglintoune, for providing D° for the

51st D® — — — — 82 18 —

203

7,000 — — 1

245,486 14 6

To

404

Dates of Warrants.

----- .

1794* December 27th*

1794V January 31st.

February ift.

14th.

1794. March 12th.

May 14th.

January 24th.

March 19th. April 16th. June 6th. October 8th. November 19th.

March 28th.

July 4th.

, 23d*

October 8th. November 19th.

1789. August 7 th.

i79°. February 10th.

13° Februatiu

To Lieutenant General Morr for providing Knap-sacks for rhc 61 ft Regiment of Foot —

Tp Major General Smith, for providing D® for the 43d D® — — ' —

To Major General Lelandfor providing D° for the 64th D° — — —

To Lieutenant General Hall, for providing D® for the 3d D6 ——

To Lieutenant General Hyde, for providing D° for the 20th D# — — —

To General Frederick, for providing D® for the 54th

To the Representatives of General for providing D# for the 24th D® — . —

To Sir Ja* Grant, for providing D* for his Regiment of Fencibles — . — —

To Colonel Wemyfs, for providing D° for his Re-girpent of D® — —

To Colonel Montgomerie, for providing D® for his Regiment of D9 — — —

T0 the Earl of Hopetoun, for providing D° for his

D0 . W I 1

To the Marquis of Lorne, for providing D° for his

To the Earl of Breadafbane, for providing D® for the First Battalion of his D® -»

To D®, for providing D" for the Second Battalion of his D® — — -r- «-

To the Duke of Gordon, for providing D® for his Regiment of Fencibles ——

To Sir Jn‘ Wodehouse, for providing D® for the East

Norfolk Militia — — —

To Major General Bertie, for providing D® for the 81st Regiment of Foot «-!-To Lieutenant Colonel Doyle, for providing D® for the 87th D® — — —

To Major General Cuyler, for providing D® for the 86th Regiment of D.® — — —

Tp Major General De Burgh, for providing D® for the 88th D® . — — . —

82 18 —

55 S —

55 8 -82 18 — 8a 18 — 82 18 — 82 18 — -229 13 229 13 — 229.18 — 229 18 — 187 18 — 229 13 — 229 13 — 229 18 181 ——

378 *8 " 378 *8 — 378 18 — 378 18 —

Tp Ja.' Window, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account of Contingent Difourfcments for Hospitals, &c.

To D®, for D® Service —

TpD®, To D®, To P®, To D",

for D® Service for D® Service for D® Servjke for D® Service

2,000

1.000

2.000 1,500

3.000

2.000

To Mejfrs. T. and J. Carle ton, for Expences in t &c. of Troops at different Ports in Ireland, in the Tears 1792 and 1793 — — 1,082 — —

To Messrs. J. and G.F, Car let on, for Expences in the Embarkation, &c. of D % from 27th January to 12th March 1794 — — — 3,049 13 —

Tp D®,. for D® Service, from 12th September 1793 to 5th of January 1794 — . — 561 7 —

Tp D®, for D® Service, in the Month of May 1794 5,22a 19 4

Tp D®, for D® Service, from 16th May to the 8th of July X794 — — — 9,928 16 — -

To D®, for D® Serv-ioe, from 29th May tp 19th August 1794 — — ~ — i3>395 *6 9

To Captain F. A. Wetberall, for Marches, &c. of his Independent Company, from 25th December 1780 tp 24th 1781 —

To D®, for the Allowance of Bread Money for D® Company, in the Year 1781 ——

To Lord F. Cavendish, for cloathing sundry Supernumeraries of the 34th Regiment of Foot - —

.1795.

4,851 8 —

It,500 — —

33,240 12 1

58 1 -

109 13 7 112 7 — To*

35 Geo. III.

I30 Febru

*05

Date* of Warrants.

1794.

'January 8 th.

15th.

24th.

jifty

February 7 th. 14th.

15th. March ift.

12th. 19th.

28th.

31st.

April 5 th.

14th.

30th. May 9th.

Vol. L.

To Sir tVm Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Of-

fice of'Adjutant General,.from 25th to 24th December 1793 — To Lieutenant General Morrijon, Jor his D°, as Quarter Master General, from D° to D° ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Morrijon, for his D°, as Deputy Quarter Master General, from 15th May to 24th December 1793 — -

To Lieutenant General Yowvjend, Inspetftor General of the Recruiting Service, for his D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1793 — To the Duke of Argyll, for Slop Cloathiag for the Augmentation to the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards — — —

To the Duke of Gloucester, for D°, for the id Regiment of D* —

To the Duke of York, for D°, to the 2d Regiment of D° —

To the Reverend IV. IVilmot, for One Year's Rent of the Minima's House in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces, to 24th December 1793 ——

To Mrs. Fisher and Yhrejher, for Half a Year's Rent of the Barracks at Knightsbridge, to Michaelmas 1793 — — —

To Lieutenant General Lascelles, for sundry extra Expences, while attending the Forces in Great Britain, in 1793 — —

To the Representatives of Colonel J. Moncrief, for his Contingent

Disbursements, as Deputy Quarter Mailer General, from 25th cember 1792 to 24th February 1793 — — —

To L. Morje, Esquire, Secretary to Lord Amherst, for Contingent Disbursements, from 25th June to 24th December 1793 —

To Sir R. Sloper, for his extra Expences as a Lieutenant General, while attending the Forces in the Year 1793 — — -

To Lieutenant General Morrijon, for extra Contingent Expences, as Quarter Master General, in D° Year — — —

To B. Chapman, Esquire, late Lieutenant Colonel of the 18th Regiment of Foot, to reimburse the Expences of a Suit brought by him against John Peter De Lancey, Esquire, late a Captain in the said Regiment, for an Aflaulc — — —

To MelTrs. Fiott de Cruchyand C°, for 3,400 Stand of Arms, ft-nt

to Portsmouth ——

To sundry Persons, as a Compensation for Losses sustained in Consequence of an Embargo being laid on all Vessels laden with Corn,. &c. ——

To Major General Smith, for his extra Expences as a Major General, while attending the Forces, in the Year 1793 — —

To I. Morje, Esquire, for the actual Expence he incurred in removing from the Apartments he occupied in the Horse Guards — To Sir G. Howard, for Expences of defending Serjeant Sagar, of the ift Regiment of Dragoon Guards, tried for Murder in the Execution of his Duty, and acquitted — — —

To the Duke of Richmond, to be paid over to sundry Persons, for Expences incurred during the Encampments in the Year 1793 — To Sir W. Medows, for his extra Expences, while attending the Forces in Great Britain, as a Major General, in 1793 —

To Lieutenant General Grant, for his D°, while attending D°, as a Lieutenant General, in D° Year — — —

To Major General Hotham, for D % while attending D°, as a Major General, in D* Year ——

To Major General Bruce, for sundry Expences incurred on Account of the Augmentation to the 16th Regiment of Foot, in the Year !7 90 — ~ — — — ~

To Messrs. J. and Y. Steppen, for Freight of Provisions for the Forces in the East Indies from London to — —

ToWm New, for Beams, Scales, and Weights — —

To Jne Garden, for Sadlery, Horse Furniture, and Accoutrements, provided by Orders from the Secretary of State — —

To 3*. Rice, Esquire, Purveyor of the Guards, for Work done in

Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, in the Year 1792 —

To the Marqjis of Salisbury, on Account of Expences incurred for.

the new Guard Room, Kitchen, &c. ereifted at St. James's — To Marquis Townshend, to be paid over to sundry Persons for Expences incurred during the Encampments in the Year 1793 —

To G. Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines delivered for the Use of the Army, in the Year 1793 — — —

To Messrs. Gallon and IVhately, for fuinishing 4,820 Arms —

To Major General Mujgrave, for extra Expences, while serving in Great Britain as Major General, in the Year 1793 — —

2 G

265 5 *

224 4

124 IO 3

*53 6

263 12 6

524 0 —

-63 12 6

42 2 —

140 18 — -

102 17 10

27 2 —

584 >7 8

177 }9 8

396 19 —

S3 r5 i

4,773 8 8

5>144 9 8

459 6 3

376 6 —

39 4

2,060 4 7

110 4 —

260 13 3

208. 7 5

171 16 10

104 — 8

H3 4 6

5,572 11 —

2,700 14 1

G337 8 8

416 17 9

22,862 12 3

5.940 — 6

M7 14 7

To

A. 1795.

206

Dates of Warrants.

1794.

M 9th. 12th.

19th.

June 25th,

27th.

July 2d. 4th.

8th.

23d. 26th. August 9th. 27th.

September 15 th. ORober 8 th.

November 5th.

12 th.

26th.

130 Februarii.

To Mrs. Fisher and Threjher, for Haif a Year's Rent, to Lady Day

1794, for the Barracks at Knightsbridge — — —

To Me firs. Sinclair and William/on, as a Compensation for the Losses sustained by them in conseqtience of the Order of Council restraining the Exportation of Wheat, and Wheat Flour —

To Rear Admiral Macbride, to be paid over to the Captains of sundry Ships for the Accommodation of the Earl of and the Staff

attending his Expedition ——

To L. Morse, Esquire, for carrying on for One Year, to

1794, a progressive Lift of the Commissions of all the Officers in the Army — — 1 — — —

To Lieutenant General Morrison, for his Contingent Expences, as Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1793 to 24th June 1794 — — _ — —

To lVm Gorton, Esquire, for providing a Table for the Officers of the Foot Guards and Horse Guards on Duty at St. to the

24th June 1794 — — > — —

To the Representatives of Lieutenant General , for his

Contingent Expences, as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1793 to 25th June 1794 — - —

To Tho' Wright, Printer of " The Hue and and Police ,"

for advertising Deserters, between 28th March and 22d June

To L. Morse, Esquire, Secretary to Lord for his Contingent

Disbursements, from 25th December 1793 to 24th June 1794 —

To Sir Wn Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from D° to D° — ~ —

To sundry Persons, for Losses sustained by the Detention of sundry Cargoes of Pot and Pearl Alh — — —

To sundry Persons, for the Loss sustained by them by the Sale of Exchequer Bills issued to them for Army Services — —

To P. Lothian, for the Expences incurred by General Mack, the Count Merveldt, and their Suite, during their Stay in London — To Wm Mitford, Esquire, to enable him to pay for certain Premisses at Whitehall, for an Office for the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service of the Army — — —

To Messrs. Mount and John/on, for Expences in the Purchase and fitting up a Galliot for the Reception of Deserters at Chatham — To Wm Gorton, Esquire, for providing a Table for the Officers of the Foot and Life Guards on Duty at St. James's, from the 25th June to 23d September 1794 ——

To sundry Persons, as a Compensation for their Losses sustained in consequence of flopping the Exportation of Corn — _ —

To Thomas Wright, Printer of " The Hue and Cry, and Police ,"

for advertising Deserters, between 28th June and 27th September

1794 — —

To Messrs. Muilman, and C % Agents to Messrs. Prafea,

and C % as a Compensation for their Losses on Part of a Cargo of Wheat on Board & Genoese Vessel, which was taken by a Frigate, and carried into Toulon, and delivered to the Director of Provisions for the Navy, by Order of Lord Hood — —

140 18 -

5*5 10 5

OO Ln O

103 3 —

224 4

3.773 6 9

*5° 5 —

*74 1 1

586 18 4

265 5 —

2,483 *5 9

892 *5 —

125 12 10

1,000 — —

383 18 2

2,041 8 6

6,123 4 8

225 8 5

3,337 T9 4

I-

Towards which may be applied a Sum received of Claude Scott, Esquire ——

I-

3,163,968 12 4

100,000 ——

3,063,968 12 4


War Office, 13th February 1795.

IV. Windham.

Ordered,

Accounts

|> relented.

Money due to file Reprefen-, tativet of Mr. Oswald.

To the Land, grave of HeflTe Cartel for Extraordinaries

during the late War in America.

Papers relating to the Mint.

35 Geo. III. 13s Febrilarii. ici

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, by His Majestyls

Command,

An Account of Monies due to the RepresentativeS of the late Richard Oswald, Esquire, as Contraftor for supplying Bread and Waggons to the Allied Army in Germany, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand

of Brun/wick, between September 1758 and March

1763} and as Commissary of Bread and Forage, from the 19th of February \~j59 to the 8th of June 1760; and as Superintendant of Englij and Hessian Waggon Trains, from the ift of June 1762 to the ift of January 1763: And also.

An Account of Money due to the Landgrave of FleJJe Cajfel, for Extraordinaries incurred during the

late War in America,by the Hessian Troops employed

in His Majesty's Service, pursuant to the Treaty with his Serene Highness: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 24th December 1794 — Earl " of Leicester — Balance due to him as late Mailer and

" Worker of the Mint:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Account of the Earl of Leicester, Matter and Worker of His Majesty's c* Mint, within the Tower of London, of all Monies " by him had and received out of His Majesty's Re-« ceipt of Exchequer, and elsewhere, for the Service " of the said Mint, relating to this Account, from the ift Day of January to the 27th Day of " 1794, both inclusive; also, of all Monies due to, ,f and paid by, him, and Charges incurred, on the said " Service and Account:" And also,

A Paper intituled, " 8th January 1795 —

" Lucas and John Wyatt, Deputy Warden and Comptroller of the Mint, on Earl of s Accounts as late Master and Worker of the Mint:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, 14th January 1795 — Maftef of the Mint — transmitting his Account from 26 th July to 31st December 1794:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The Account of Sir George " Tonge, Baronet, Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, within the Tower of London, of all tc Monies by him had and received out of His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, and elsewhere, for the Service of the said Mint, on this Account, from the 28th Day of July to the 31st Day of December " 1794; also, of all Monies by him paid, and " Charges incurred, on the said Service and Account:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 17th January 1795 — Officers. " of the Mint Report on the Accounts of Sir George r< Tonge, Master of the Mint, to 31st December

" 1794-"

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Papers were read.

The said Accounts and Papers are as followeth $ viz.

An ACCOUNT of Monies due to the Representatives of the late Richard Oswald, Esquire,' for 'the

following Services i that is to say,

On his Account, as Contraftor for supplying Bread and Waggons to the Allied Army in Germany, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand of Brunjmck, between September 1758 and March 1763 ——

On his Account, as Commissary of Bread and Forage, from the 19th of February 1759 to the 8th of 1760; and as Superintendant of the English and Hessian Waggon Trains, from the ift of June 1762 to the ift of January 1763 ——

s. d.

32,671 2 &jf

9,017 12' 4*

41,688 14 6|

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the Day of February 1795.

George Ro/e.

An

2o8

130 Februariu

A. 1795.

An ACCOUNT of Money due to the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in America, by the Hessian Troops employed in His Majesty's Service, pursuant to the Treaty with his Serene Highness.

Sixty-eight thousand Eight hundred Fifty Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Farthing.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, February 17 95.

George Rose.

24th December 1794. — Earl of Leicester — Balance due to him as late Matter and Worker of the Mint.

Mint Office, 24th December 1794.

Sir,

I take Leave to fend inclosed my Account, as Matter and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, from the ift January to the 27th July 1794, when my Appointment to that Office terminated j which you will please to lay before the Lords of His Majesty's Treasury.

Understanding that the Expence of the Mint, since that Period, will exceed the Amount of Money receivable on the Yearly Allowance for the Time, no further Payment can be expected by me from that Establishmentj 1 must, therefore, submit to their Lordships the Means for discharging the Balance which appears due on the Foot of my laid. Account, amounting to Five thousand Six hundred Eighty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence.

Presuming this will be done, as usual, by Grant of Parliament, I beg Leave to entreat your favourable Attention to this Object, by reminding their Lordships of it in due Time.

George Roje, Esq\

I am,

Sir,

Your most obedient

humble Servant,

Leicester,

Late Master and Worker.

The

35 GeO; III.

I 3° Februarii.

The ACCOUNT of the Earl of Leicester, Matter and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, within the Tower of London, of all Monies by him had and received out of His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, and elfei where, for the Service of the said Mint, relating to this Account, from the ift Day of January to the 27th Day of July 1794, both inclusive j also, of all Monies due to, and paid by, himi and Charges incurred, on the said Service and Accbunt;

CHARGE.

This Accountant charges himself with Having received, by Way of Imprett, and u^on Account, oiit of His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, on the Times following, as by Imprett Roll doth appear;

94. < ..... V

April 17th. Received by Warrant, dated 12th Iiiftaiit, granted tot Lady

Day Quarter — — — — 3,450 — —

July 16th. Received by Warrant, dated itth Instant* granted for Mid-

JummerQuarter - — 3,450 —

29th; Received by Warrant, dated *6th Instant, for paying the Extraordinary Expence of the Mine in the Year 1793, as granted by Parliament ——

Received thet Amount Of Monies in the Pix, after Trial thereof, 2d December 1794* as by Certificate of the Warden and Comptroller — — —

DISCHARGE.

18,844 *2 4

The said Accountant is discharged for Monies due to, and paid by, him, and for Charges incurred on the Service, Relating to the Time of this Account.

t

3

4-

c

>s

JD

From 25 Dumbir 1793, to

*7 7*b m\-


To him, the Balance due on Account, ending 31st December 1793 —

To this Accountant, his own Salary — T — - —

For Three Clerks —

For an Assayer —

For a Fireman to Afiayer For a Purveyor —

For an Office Keeper —

To Lewis Pingo, Esquire, Chief Graver —

Mr. John Pingo, Aflittant Graver —

Mr. John Milton, Probationer under Chief

Graver — — —

Mr. Elias Walter, Smith Assistant to

Gravers — — —

1 Mr. Dan1 Kemp, Provost of the Moneyers Mr. John Chambers, Surveyor of Money Prefles — — —

From aj Dttimier 1793,

___ to

24 Jmu 1794?

All by

Warrants.

"More to him — — — '"

Sir Robert Pigot, Baronet William Dick, Esquire —

Stanejby Alchome, Esquire

20 — - — V

5 — — *

Same Time.

Allowance by Indenture of the Mint to this Accountant, for Watte and Charges in coining the following Quantity and Species of Monies:

Gold J bounds Weight into Guineas, - at 6 8 I per lb.

t 7>33S Pounds Weight into Half Guineas, at 7. 10 $. per lb.

Monies put into the Pix, from the Coinage above-mentioned —

Fees paid and to be paid on this Account, as by Bill of Particulars will appear - —

Paid the Goldsmith*s Company, for entertaining the Pix Jury, as by Warrant of Treasury — — —

Paid Fees and Charges on Trial of the Pix, as by Bill of Particulars will appear ——

Paid John Hester, for 505 Sacks of Charcoal, as by his Bill —

Imprelted to Sir Robert Pigot, Bart. Warden of the Mint, to discharge

Salaries payable by him, for Half a Year, from 25th December 17.93 to 24th June 1794 — - - — . —

Total Discharge * —

Total Charge —

Balance due on this Account — -

Mint Office, 24th December 1794.

Vol. L.^ -

Leicester.

292 10 — 87 15 — 58 10 — 14 12 6 14 12 6 14 12 6

too — — 40 ——

40 ——

20 — — 5° ——

25 ——

25 ——

20 — — I50 ——

I2>594

2,888

4

3

3«

25,744 I*

8,442 II

34,187 3 8

18,440 7 4

952 ti 6

if,484 «,893

7

5

9

6

932 6

50 —

47 5 J 50 10 —

1,020 — —

39»869 5 —

34,i87 3 8

5,682 2 4

8th January

% IO

13° Febraarii.

A. 1795.

lih January x')^. — Edward Lucas and John Wyatts Deputy Warden and Comptroller of the Mint, on Earl of

Leicester's Accounts, as late Master and Worker of the Mint.

Mint Office, 8th January 1795*

Sir,

In Obedience tq the Commands of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, dignified by your Letter of the 6th Instant, directing us to examine the Account of the Earl of as Master and Worker

of His Majesty's ^sint, fropi the ift January to the 27th July 1794.

We beg Leave ^o report for their Lord ships Information,

That, having cojmpared the several Particulars under the Heads of Charge and Discharge, with the Vouchers and Documents in' this Office, we find them to agree, and the Account to be truly stated} and that the Balance of Five thousand Si* hundred Eighty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence, as expressed at the Foot of ths Account, appears to be due to his Lordship; the Means of paying which must be fqbmitted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, before whom you will please to lay ourReport;

We are.

Sir, L

Your most obedient,

_ humble Servants,

: ... , DepT Ward".

Jn° , Depr Comp'.,

Charles Long, Esqr. ' "

14th January' 1795. — -Master of the Mint — transmitting his Account from 26th July to 31st December 1794*

Sir,

‘ I \ . ‘

I take Leave to fend inclosed my Account, from 28th July to 31st December 1794, as Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, and to desire you will please to lay it before the Lords of His Majesty's Treasury.

As the whole Yearly Allowance of Money for the Service of the Mint has already been received, I must beg to submit to their Lordships the Means for paying the Balance, which appears due to me on the Foot of my said Account, amounting to 1,386. % s. 6d. which, I presume, must be done, as has been usual, by Vote of Parliament; and I beg you will allow me-to request your favourable Attention to this Particular, by reminding their Lordihjps of it in due Time.

I am.

Sir,

Your most obedient

humble Servant,

Mint Office, Geo.

14th January 1795.

Gorge Roje, Esq'.

The

35 Geo. Ill* 13° FebrUaril.

211

The ACCOUNT of Sir George Yonge, Bart. Matter and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, within the Tower of London, of all Monies by him had and received out of His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, and else-

where, for the Service of the said Mint, on this Account, from the 28th Day of July to the 31st Day of December 1794; also, of all Monies by him paid, and Charges incurred on the said Service and Account.

CHARGE;

This Accountant charges himself with having received, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account, out of His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer* on the Times following, as by an Imprest Roll doth appear.

November 19th. Received by Warrant, dated 14th Instant, granted for Michaelmas Quarter — — —

Received 10th January 1795* by Warrant, dated 6th Instant, granted for, Quartet 1794 —

3.450 — —

3.450 -

DISCHARGE*

The said Accountant is discharged for Monies paid by him, and for Charges incurred on the Service of the Mint, relating to the Time of this Account.

it

s

♦-»

c

t

nz

c

o

s

e

% n

— S <

‘To this Accountant his own Salary For Three Clerks —

For an A.ffayer —

Foy a Fireman to AflTiyer For a Purveyor —

For an Office Keeper —

To Lewis Pingo, Esquire, Chief Graver — —

Mr. John Pingo, Assistant Graver — —

Mr. John Milton, Probationer under Chief Graver

Mr. Elias Walter, Smith Assistant to Gravers — Mr. Dan1 Kemp, Provost of the Moneyers — Mr. John Chambers, Surveyor of Money Prefles

More to him ——

Sir Robert Pigat, Bart. . -r-

William Dick, Esquire — +» r*

Stanejby Alcborne, Esquire — —

A J - -


► 00 M

Q — *

I =

c>

-5

w-i

N

2 20

As

3"

S*i

Allowance by Indenture of the Mint to Ttrtr Accountant; for Waste and Charges in coining the following Quantity and Species of Monies:

C 9,515 Pounds Weight into Guineas, — at 6s. 8 J d.per lb. I 240 Pounds Weight into Half Guineas, at 7. 10 § per lb.

Gold

Monies put into the Fix, from the Coinage above-mentioned — Fees and Annual Allowances paid and to be paid relating to this Account, as by Bill of Particulars doth appear For Fees paid on entering up Bonds of Security, allowed by Warrant of Treasury — — —

Paying necessary Charges incurred within the Year 1794* for the1 Service of the Mint, to the Persons under-named for Particulars expressed in their Bills.

Mr. Augustus Browne, —

Messrs. JohnToung and Son, *. Mr. John Hcjier — ~-

Mr. John Jones — —

Stanejby Alcborne, Esquire, — Mr. James Morrijon

Refiner — i Charcoal Men D° — for Sea Coal -for the Assay Offices Purveyor

More by his Bill for fine Copper for Allay — . — * —

207 10 — 62 5 —

4* 10

10 7 6

10 7 6 10 7 d too — - —

40 ——

40 ——

20 — — 50 ——

25 ——

3,184 18 5

94 10 —

6,900 —

— -

jio S 3

166 17 9

8 15 —

8 8 10

40 10 6

S3 7 —

46 18 6

ill 7 6

3>»79 8 5 675 3 —

iyi 16 6

150 7 8

635 2 to Paying

Ill

130 FebruttriL

Paying Bills of the Artificers under-named for Materials found, and Works performed by them, in the Year 1794, to Offices and Buildings used for Coinage.

Kir. Iordan —

Holland — *-

Holland — -

Blatberwitk —

Jourdan — —

Coventry —

Dennis — — .

Walter —

Benton —

Matbro —

7‘horogood —

Mason —

Carpenter Bricklayer —

Furnace Builder Plumber Painter —

Glazier *-

Smith — -

Slater —

Pavior —

Plaiftcrer

Imprested to Sir Robert Bigot, Bart. Warden of His Majesty's Mint, to discharge Salaries payable by him, as by Indenture of the Mint, from the 44th June to 25th December 1794 — — —

Imprested more to him for paying the Yearly incidental Charges and Allowances for 1794, also the Allowance for Diet payable by him as directed by said Indenture — — — — .

Imprested more to him for paying Artificers Bills for Materials found, and Works performed by them, in the Year 1794, to Dwelling Houses and Buildings thereto belonging ——

Imprested more to him for carrying on Prosecutions against false Coiners, and for discharging the Salary of the Person employed therein for a Year, ending 31st December 1794 ——

Total Discharge Total Charge

Balance due on this Account

A. 1795,

5 *4 102 3 38 16

64 — *4 3 4 17 21 3

78 II

7 a 2 14 — 18

500 — —

455 2 7 167 1 —

599 —

340 2-

2,121 14 7

8,286 2 6

6,900 — — .

1,386 2 6

Mint Office, 14th January 1795.

Geo. Tonge.

17th January 1795. — OFFICERS of the Mint Report on the Accounts of Sir George Tonge, M after of the

Mint, to 31st December 1794*

~ i

Mint Office, 17th January 1795.

Sir,

In Obedience to the Commands of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, signified by your Letter of the 14th Instant, directing us to examine the Account of Sir George Tonge, Bart. Matter, and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, from the 28th July to the 31st December 1794.

We beg Leave to report for their Lordships Information,

That, having compared the Particulars in the Account under the Heads of Charge and Discharge, with the Vouchers and Documents in this Office, we found them to agree, and the Account truly stated, by which there appears at the Foot thereof, a Balance due to Sir George, amounting to Thirteen hundred Eighty-six Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence; the Means for paying must be submitted to their Lordships, as the Monies ilfuable for Service of the Mint for that Year, have already been received.

We are,

‘ Sir,

Your most obedient, humble Servants,

Edw* Lucas, Depr Ward".

Jn" Wyatt, Depr Comp'.

Charles Long, Esqr.

Ordered,

55. Geo. HI. I30

2 T

D

Rc-com^:tted Re.oit 'n Innk?rpxr« and Victuallers F t tit ion re« ported.

Ordered That the said Accounts dnd Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Innkeepers and Viftnallers residing in that Part of Great Britain called England, was referred, and who were instructed to repoi't their Observations thereupon to the House; That the Committee had considered the said Report, and had made several Observations thereupon, which they had directed him to ^report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Evidence given to your Committee is as follows;

Joseph Goddard, being examined, said. That he keeps the White Hart at Cranford , in the County of Middlesex — That he had quartered upon

him from the 17th of September 1793 to the 6th of July 1794,-being 4a Weeks, Eight Horses arid Seven Men — That those Eight Horses in One Stable, consumed Twenty four Trusses of Hay in Seven Days, at £. 3. 10/. per Load, which amounted to the Sum of £. 2. 6/. 8 d.~ — likewise Twenty Trusses of Straw at

8 d.per Truss, which amounted to the Sum of 13/. 4*/. making in the Whole 3. — That he received

from Government £. 1. 8 s.and allowing for Dung, Four Shillings, making together the Sum of therefore the Loss sustained by him in One Week upon the above Horses, amounted to the Sum of £. 1. 8 s.being £.58. 16 s.in the 42 Weeks — That by the Seven Men for the above Period of 42 Weeks he loft after the Rate of 3 d. per Day each Man, in finding them with Small Beer, Salt, Candles, Firing, Bedding, See. — That upon the 8th and 9th of November 1794, there were billetted upon him Fifty Men belonging to the Dorset Militia, and that they consumed 8 J Pecks of Bread, 19 Stone of Beef, and a Chejhtre Cheese of 4.9 lbs. besides Vegetables and

Small Beer, which eoft him £. 6.; 2d. and for

Which he only received from Government .1. 13 4 d. by which he sustained a Loss in Two Days of /. 4. 18 s. 10 d.by Fifty Men Only, exclusive of Rooms, Firing, Bedding, &c — And being asked. Whether he had made any Observation of the Con-fdmptiort of a Trobp Horse per Day on an Average ? he said. About 22 lbs. Of Hay per Day, and about Two Truffei of Straw per Week. — That the Snftall Beer, Salt, Caddies, Set. which he is obliged to find for the Soldiers, and for which he has no Allowance blade, amounts to' about d. per Day. — Then the Witness produced several Billets which verified his Account stated, its to the Number of Horses and Men billetted upon him' — and further said, That at the Tirtne those Troops were tfith him, the Officer was always at Hottnjlow, and that there never is any Officer quartered at his House, which is Two Miles from

Hounslow. — And being asked. What was the Price of Hay and Straw about the Time he had been speaking of? he said j Hay about £. 3. 10j. and Straw 8

per Truss. — Then,

Henry Prime being examined, said. That he lives at Bromley in Kent, at the Sign of the That

the Number of Soldiers quartered upon him within the Space of Sixteen Months, had been 2,000, including Horse and Foot — That the Soldiers received by him, are principally upon their March; and that he has for finding them in Three Meals per Day, 4 — That the Loss sustained in those Three Meals, exclusive of the 4^ is 8 d. per Man at the least, including the Small Beer, &c. allowed them — That in Time of Peace he is not so burthened, nor are there so many quartered on the Vot. L»

Townj and that the Town is more aggrieved by the Foot than the Horse — That he has had about 21 Horses quartered upon him at One Time, and that the Loss per Day on each Horse is 6 — That the Magistrates

have stinted the Allowance of-Hay to be given to each Horse per Day ro 16 lbs. — That he charges for a Traveller's Horse One shilling per Night, but then such Horse he likewise finds in Corn — That wiien he said he loft 6 d.per Day up >n every Troop rlorfe, he meant to include Straw, Sec. for the Space of 24 Hours — That Hay at his Place is from 4. to £. 4. 10 s and that when he entered Business in the Year 1780, Hay fold for 40 and Straw at about 16 or 18 j. which is now about 27 or 30 — That the Ma* gifirates limited the Allowance of Hay to 16 Ibs. at the breaking up of the last Camp — That the Vinegar, Salt, Candles, Beds, Sec. which he is obliged to find, without any Allowance being made, costs him at the lowed Calculation 3 d. per Day each Man — That each Man has Five Pints of Small Beer, which the Witness could not buy for less than 14 per Barrel, each Barrel containing 34 Gallons. — Then,

Samuel Hancock, being examined, Did, That he lives at Speenhamland, at the George and Pelican — that from the lft of January to the 25th of February 1794, there were quartered upon him 18 Men for 55 Days — from the 26th of February to the aift of 63 Men for

56 Days — from the 21st of April to the 12th of Mcy, 30 Men for 22 Days — from the 9th of July to the 15th of August, 6 Men for 38 Days — from the 16th of August to the 28th of September, 12 Men for Days — from the 7th of October to the 15th of October, 36 Men for 9 Days, and from the iotn of November to the 16th of November, 50 Men for 7 Days — likewise from January to October 1794, of Detachments of the Prince of Wales's Rangers, the 33d Regiment of Foot, and Flint Militia, with numerous Parties from several Regiments marching through the Town of Newbury, there were quartered with him 386 Men — That from the lowest possible Calculation the Publican cannot supply His Majesty's Troops with Small Beer, Salt, Vinegar, Bedding, Fire, the Use of Kitchen Utrnfils, Plates, Knives and Forks at a less Cost than $d. per Man per Diem; to which must be added the Loss incurred by providing the Soldier the First Day of their Billet with Three^ Meals, &c. for by which the Publican loses One Shilling per Man — That there were likewise billetted upon him from the 9th of July to the 15th of August, 10 Horses for 38 Nights — from the 16th of August to the 21st of August, 13 Horses for 5 Nights — from the 21st of August to the 23d of tember, 17 Horses for 33' Nights — from the 23d of September so the 28th of September, 7 Horses for 7 Nights; besides, at several Times, 50 Horses for One Night — That he has at present 50 Men quartered upon him, and that they consume in Firing, a Cord of Wood in Ten Days, which costs him 25 j. — That in the Three Meals furnished to the Soldier, and by which he loses One Shilling, he means to include Salt, Vinegar, &c. — And being asked, Whether he could ascertain the Weight of Hay and Straw each Horse consumes in 24 Hours? he said, He could not exactly, never having made any Calculation since the present Application to Parliament — That he pays £. 2. 2 s. per Load for Straw, and fells a Load of Dung for 5 s. and that he gives from £.4. to £.4. per Ton for Hay —

That the Hay and Straw given to the Troopers Horses, is not limited, but have what Quantity of each they require. — And being alked. Whether he has raised the Price of Hay to Travellers ? he said. Yes; to 14 on Account of the very high Price of Flay. — And being alked, What was the Mode of Quartering Recruiting Parties ? he said, When they come into the Town, they are quartered upon the separate Houses according to Billets given them by the Constables. — And being asked. What was the Allowance made him ?

3 1 to

2i4 130 FebruariiA, 1795.

he said. He is obliged to find them for 7 Days in a Breakfast, Dinner, and Supper, for which he is allowed by Government for each Foot Soldier 4^. and that the Loss to him upon each Man is One Shilling, exclusive of the 4 d. — And being asked, if a Recruiting

Party left his House to go to a Neighbouring Town for a Single Day or Two, and then returned, what was his Treatment to them on that Return ? he said, They apply to the Constables for a fresh Biller, and begin a new 7 Days as a Recruiting Party, which has been frequently practised and is in use at this Time. — And being asked, How long he had remembered such a Practice to have been repeated ? he said, He never experienced it but once, but has heard it has been frequently practised in their Town. — Then,

IJaac Newton, being examined, said. That hedives at Barnet at the Sign of the Red , and has lived there Six Years — That he has had from 1793 to November 1794, 1,344 Soldiers quartered upon him, of which Number 235 were Horse Soldiers, with the like Number of Horles — That he finds the Soldier in Beer, Salr, Vinegar, &c. for which he receives nothing — That the Small Beer alone {lands him in 2 Day, and the Salt, Vinegar, &c. is not less than 1 d. or 1 y d.per Day — That many of the above-mentioned

Soldiers have been Soldiers on their March, in which same he is obliged to find them in Three Meals per Day, for which he has an Allowance from Government of only 4 d.per Manner Day in the same of a Foot Soldier, and 6 d.fora Horse Soldier — That the Expence of each Soldier is at least 13 per Day, exclusive of the Allowance — That he has had several of the Blues quartered upon him during the Time above specified — That each Horse has frequently consumed Half a Truss of Hay and a Truss of Straw Day —

That other Troop Horses did not consume so great a Quantity, but always took what they thought proper — That since the Camp broke up at Brighton, the Horses that came from thence, and were quartered upon him, were stinted, the Officers having agreed that he should allow them One Truss of Hay per Day for Three Horses, which is something more than 19 lbs. per Horse; and something less than 12 lbs. of Straw per Day were allowed them. — Then,

Thomas Burton, being examined, said, That he lives at the King's Head at Egham — That from Christmas 1793 for 26 Weeks forwards without any Intermission, he had quartered upon him 12 Horses and 8 Men — That he found the Men in Beer, Salt, Candles, — That

he gives for Small Beer 10 s. per Barrel of 36 Gallons — That he reckons the Price of Five Pints of Small Beer for each Man per Day at 2 d. and for Salt, Candles, Bedding,.&c. about 1 id. per Day — -That he allows the Men who lodge out of Quarters is. 6d. per Week besides Small Beer, and which he is always glad to do when they will accept it — That the 12 Horses used in Seven Days 37 Truffes of Hay, which at that Time was at£ 4. + s Load, and 15 Truffes of Straw at 7 d.per Truss, which amounted to the Sum of j£. 4. 15 s.id. and for which he received from Government only £. 2. 2 s. — That he values the Dung arising from the above Horses at 5 d. per Week-each Horse; and that the Horses have never been stinted in their Town. — Then,

Valentine Simpson being examined, said, That he

lives at the Ro/e Inn at Sittingbf, in the County of Kent — That since the ioch of 1793 to the 10th

of ORober 1794, he has had 1,261 Men billetted upon

him and 348 Horses — That he loses One Shilling Day upon each Soldier quartered upon him on a March, averaging the Horse and Foot Soldiers — That he loles upon each Horse in 24 Hours 6 . — That Hay has been within the Twelvemonth from^. 3. ior. to £. 4. — That since he has been in Business he has bought Hay from 25 s.to £. 5. — That he now gives 10 s.for Straw, and returns the Farmer the Dung, and

has given for Straw £. 1. 1 r. — That he is obliged to find the Soldier in Small Beer, Candles, &c. by which he loses 3*/. per Day, computing the Loss on Five Pints of Small Beer for each Man at \ \ d. per Day, Wood and Coals Vinegar, Salt, and Candles and Bedding, Kitchen Utensils, See. at i — That he has had 36 Horses at One Time upon him, and has frequently been obliged to turn out his own Horses to make room for the Soldiers Horses — That he has Stabling for 40 Horses — That he has lived at the Ro/e Inn 32 Years, and has kept the Business 17 Years; and that he has now 52 Men quartered upon him, — Then,

Thomas Warton being examined, said, That he lives at the Bull at Hartford, in the County of Kent, and has lived there 13 Years — That the Number of Men and Horses billetted upon him from Michaelmas 1792 to Michaelmas 17 93, were as follows;

Men and Horses — — — 993

Victualled on Halting Days, See. — — 201

Horses in Quarters — — — 42$

1,619

From Michaelmas 1793 to M 1794; Men and Horses — — — 1,183

Victualled on Halting Days, &c. — — 256

Horses in Quarters — > — 646

2,086

That he loft 6d. per Day by each Horse — That he had been very particular in attending to the Quantity of Hay and Straw delivered to 10 Horses belonging to the New Romney Light Dragoons, which were quartered upon him from the 22d of ORober to the nth of December, and they consumed Five Truffes of

Hay per Day, Half a Truss to each Horse, and Straw they had at their own Discretion — That Hay was at that Time £.4. 10 s. per Load, and that he now

gives for Straw 12 s. per Load, and returns the Farmer the Dung — That he sustained a Loss upon the Hay during the above Time of £. 21. 5 r. — Then, Joseph Jordain being examined, said. He was Constable of Dartford in the Years 1792-3: And then pro-

duced a List of Billets issued by him, and verified the Account of Joseph Warton as to the Number of Men and Horses billetted upon him. — Then,

Henry Morris being examined, said. He was Constable of Dartford in the Years 1793-4: Who likewise produced a List of Billets issued by him, and verified Joseph Warton's Account. — Then,

Joseph Warton being again examined, said. That he loies by each Man per Day for Small Beer, &c. 3 d. — That he has been obliged to turn away his best Cuf-tomers on account of the Troop Horses, and frequently been obliged to Place his own Horses in a Kind of Shed, and to Nail up Carpets, &c. to keep the Wind out; and that the Troop Horses have flood him at least in 9 d. per Day beyond the Allowance, during this War — That in Time of Peace he thinks he could keep them at about 6 d. per Day beyond the Allowance. — Then,

JohnShipcutt being examined, said. That he now lives in 'Holborn, and that he did keep the George Inn

at Hounslow ior near Eight Years, and left it in No-

vember last — That he has had, upon an Average for the Eight Years, quartered upon him 16 Horses and 12 Men, and loft, upon an Average, by each Horse 6 d. per Day, which amounted to 8 s. Day for the 16 Horses — That he found the Men in what the Act allows them, which cannot amount to less than 3 d. per Day each Man — That he has been obliged through Losses to quit Business, materially owing to the Number of Troops quartered upon him, and the great Inconvenience they were to him in carrying on his Business. — Then,

o George

35 Geo. III. 130 Februa. 215

Georg* Clode being examined, said; That he lives at the White Hart, Windsor — That his Situation is chiefly

for the Accommodation of the Infantry quartered at Windsor for His Majesty's Duty — That he has had 40 Men quartered upon him for Months; and has, on an Average, about 25 Men constantly upon him — That he thinks the necessary Allowances to the Soldier under the Act cannot be reduced to so low a Loss as 3 d. per Man per Diem. — That the Soldiers generally burn a Bushel and a Half of Coals per Day. — Then,

William Tudor being examined, said, That he lives at the Crown Inn at Reading — That it is his Father who keeps the Inn, and that he has had quartered upon him, on an Average for 39 Weeks, 20 Horses each Night, exclusive of those which passed in that Time, which Horses consumed each Night4Cwt. of Hay at £. 4. per Ton, which

„ n * d' Colt — — o 16 o

Received for those Horses from Government, only — — — o 10 o

The Loss each Night — — to 60

A Ton of Straw used Weekly - ,

for the above Number of Horses at — — 250

Deduct Dung made by that

Straw — . — o 15 o

Leaves a Weekly Loss of — 1 10 o

And makes a Loss per Night on this

Straw, of — — — 044

Beer, Fire, Candles, Vinegar, Salt, &c. each Day for 14 Men belonging to the above Horses — — — 060

Daily Loss — £.016 2

The Loss therefore Weekly is 5. 13 2d. on a

fair Computation, which in 39 Weeks amounts to £.220. 13 s.6 d. — for casual Troops passing 30.

making the Total Loss in 39 Weeks £. 250. 13 6

— That he has heard his Father say he should be ruined by the Horses, for he loll £. 300 a Year by them — The Witness further said. That when they have had different Parties of Soldiers, they would 'have Two Rooms with Fires in them, and have frequently burnt TwoBulhels of Coals a Day. — Then,

James Tatton being examined, said. That he lives at Egham Hitbe at the Sign of the , and has kept that Inn 17 Years — That he has had 18 Horses and 10 Men quartered upon him for to Months together, and considers that he always loft 6 d. per Day on each Horse, and $d. per Day on each Man — That he was obliged to hire Stabling for Ten Years at Seven Guineas a Year for the Troopers Horses, and for which he received no Allowance — That by the Horses and Men he loft Daily 11 s.6 d, and is sure he has loft £. 1,000 by the Troops since he has been in Business; and is, at present, greatly reduced in his Circumstances by receiving them — That some of the large Black Horses will consume near a Truss of Hay per Day, if not Hinted, but a Truss will serve the lighter Horses Two Days, or something more. — Then,

David Gurr being examined, said. That he lives at the Sign of the King's Head at in the County of Sussex, and has been in Business Two Years, during which Time he has had billetted upon him 2,000 Foot Soldiers; but not expedling to have been called upon on this Occasion, he had destroyed the Billets, but he thinks that to be about the Number, exclusive of what were in regular Quarters — That he has had in regular Quarters 30 Men for Six Weeks; at another Time 10 Men for 17 Weeks; and at another Time 5 Men for 23 Weeks — and that each Soldier

Hands him in One Shilling per Day above the Government Allowance — That his is but a small Inn in a little Village, and that he has often been obliged to send to Lewes, which is Twelve Miles, for Meat for the Soldiers, and has frequently been obliged to give them large Rounds of Beef prepared for particular Cuf-tomers, and even sometimes Hams worth One Shilling per Pound, not having the Means of Accommodation to procure Provisions for unexpected Soldiers — That very frequently his Men Servants have been obliged to sleep in the Stables; and his Maid Servants to fit up to accommodate the Soldiers — That there is very seldom any Officer quartered in their Village — That the Vinegar, Salt, Small Beer, &c'. furnished the Soldiers, colls very considerably more than 3 d. per Day — That Two Houses at Eastbourne, Two at One at Hailsham, and One at , all in the County of Sussex; have been obliged to discontinue

Business on Account of the great Lolfes sustained by receiving the Military. — Then,

Thomas Dawbiney being examined, said. That he

lives at the Swan Inn at Rickmansworth, and has lived there about Four or Five Years — That on the 2d of July 1794, Five Men and Five Horses came in and continued to the 20th of Se, being 80 Days, together with Four other Horses called Guest Horses, which Horses had delivered to them in that Period 640 TrulTcs of Hay at £. 3. 15J. per Load, which amounted to the Sum of £. 69. 6 s. 4 likewise 320 Truflesof Straw at 8 d per Truss, which, by allowing Half for Dung, amounted to £. 5. 6 s.

The Five Men for the 80 Days, at each Man, which is much less than the actual Loss, amounted td £. 6. 13 s.4 d.making in the Whole 81. 6 s.

That he received from Government for the Five Horses for 80 Days, at 6 d.each Horse, £. 10. and for the Four Horses for the like Number of Days, at One Shilling each, £. 16. making together £. 26. therefore the Lois he sustained in 80 Days was £. 55. 6 s. 6 — Then,

George Gunner being examined, said. That he keeps the Half Moon at Windlesham,in the county of,

and that the Rent is £. 7. a Year — ‘That he has lived there 18 Months last Christmas,during which Time he

has had billetted upon him upwards of 800 Soldiers, the Billets for whom he produced at the Thatched House Tavern, and has had Four Men and Four Horses upon him ever since October, except One Week, when they went to Reading in order to let Two Regiments of Militia (the North Devon and the Middlesex) march through, of which Militia he had sometimes 12 or 14 Men billetted on him in a Day — That as soon as the Militia were gone, the Four Men and Horses returned to him immediately — That he has only Stabling for Three Horses, and is obliged to pay 3 Week for a Stable, and keep, for the Troop Horses; and that the Person who receives the Horses, likewise receives the 6 d. per Day allowed by Government for each Horse — That the Return of his House on an Average, is from 40 s.to £. 3. per Week — That there are but Four Rooms in his House, and only Three Beds, and that when Recruiting Parties have been passing, he has been obliged to lay Four in One Bed, and Three in another — That he is a Taylor by Trade, but has been prevented from doing any Business in that Way by the Number of Soldiers he has had quartered upon him; and that he sometimes goes ouc to labour at Harvest Work; and that the Horses have been his Ruin. — Then,

Thomas Archer being examined, said. That he keeps the Crown Public House at Mims in the County of Middlesex, which goes at£. 5. a Year, without the

Ground — That he has no Stabling, and has had quartered upon him for a Month and Three Days, Four Horses and Four Men; and has been obliged to pay for a Stable, and keep, 3J. 6 Week for each

Horse,

216

150 Februarii.

j. 1795.

Horse, and 1 /. 6 d.per Week for each Man belonging to the Horse; and that Mr. Hall, the Person of ' whom he had the Stable, and boarded the Men, received the Government Allowance — That he had like-wife Eighteen Foot Soldiers billetted upon him for a Week together, at the Time he had the above Horses and Men; and has been obliged to hire Lodgings out for Six of them, although he gave up his own Bed, and paid for those Lodgings id. per Night for each Man — That he does not, on an Average, draw a Barrel of Beer a Week throughout the Year — That he should get 1 per Barrel Profit on his Beer, making no Allowance for Tops and Bottoms; and that he fells about 37 Gallons of Spirits in a Year — That he works as a Labouring Man whenever he can get any Employment, and has a Wife and Five Children- — That when he had no Soldiers upon him he did very well, but since, if he had not been assisted by his Friends with Money, he should have been entirely ruined. — -Then,

William Prior being examined, said. That he keeps the White Lion at Egham, and pays for his House10. a Year; and that his Landlord pays the Taxes — That he has lived there 14 Years; has no Stabling, and has had sometimes Three Horses quartered upon him j and has had Two Horses and Two Men for i6 Weeks — That he took the Men into his own House, and paid for a Stable 8 d. per Night for each Horse — and that the Government Money was paid to the Person who had the Horses — That he has Eight Beds — And that he has had 8 or 10 Soldiers quartered upon him for Two or Three Days on their March, whom he found in Three Meals per Day each Man — That all the Publicans at Egham who have no Stabling, pay in the same Proportion as he does. — Then,

Peter Harvey being examined, said. That he did keep the Red Lion at Bagjbof for 10 Years, and has left it about 13 Months — That he has had as many as 300 Foot Soldiers in One Week quartered upon him on their March; and ‘that he found the Loss by the Soldiers so heavy, that his House would not support it, therefore was 'obliged to give it up to prevent his Ruin; and that the Man who succeeded him was totally ruined. — Then,

James Ogbourn being examined, said, That he did keep the White Hart at Gni in the County of Surrey, for Three Years, and left it jn May on Account of the great Lodes he sustained by the Soldiers — That he has frequently had billetted upon him 400 Soldiers in a Week on their March — exclqfive of that he has had in settled Quarters for 12 Months oat of 15, Fifty Foot Soldiers — also has had 30 Horses and 20 Men for Six Months together — That his Family lived in the House 16 Years before he took it — That in the last Year he loft £. 500 by the Soldiers, owing to the high Price of Hay and Provisions — That he has been quite ruined by the Soldiers, and is now out of Employment; and that he has given up every Thing to jiis Creditors — That Mr. Peter Harvey took the House after he left it, upon Application of the Creditors, and that the House is now open by Subscription. — Then,

Peter Harvey being again examined, said. That he went into the House at Guildford after Mr. left it upon the Application of the Creditors, and continued in it abouc Three Months, but found the Military pressed so heavy on him, that if was impossible for him to go on with ir, he therefore gave Notice to the Creditors to quit, which he did accordingly — That during the Time he was at Guildford he had billetted upon him 37 Horses for a Month together, and at the same Time 38 Men belonging to one Regiment, and 16 Men belonging to another.

In pursuance of the Orders of the House of the 9th Day of February Instant, that the said Report should be rc-committed to this Committee, and that they

shoukl reoort their Observations thereupon to the H oufc, the Com.nictee have proceeded to take the same Report into Confederation, and have made f-vend Obfer various thereupon, which they submit to the Consideration of the House.

In the First Place, your Committee beg Leave to mention, thac many other Inn keepers attended from different Pans of the Country; but, as it appeared that their Evidence only went in Confirmation of the Accounts before dated, your Committee h is not thought it necessary to detail any further Particulars on the Subject.

Your Committee also beg Leave to observe, that from what has been dated by the several Persons examined, it appears that great Losses mult be sustained by the Inn-keepers, and others, receiving anti quartering His Majesty's Troops upon the Allowance ftipu-lated by the Mutiny Act.

That in Cafes where Soldiers are upon a March, or Recruiting, the Inn-keepers are obliged to furnish them for Seven Days with Three Meals a Day, and Small Beer, at an Allowance from Government of only Four Pence a Day for a Foot Soldier, and Six Pence a Day for a Horse Soldier, which appears to your Committee to subject them to a Loss, according to the present Price of Provisions, of One Shilling Day for a Foot Soldier, and Ten Pence per Day for a Horse Soldier. — In Cafes where Soldiers are in settled Quarters, the Inn-keepers to avoid the greater Expence of providing them with Three Meals a Day and Small Beer on the Allowance above dated, are obliged to furnish them with Candles, Vinegar, Salt, Five Pints of Small Beer or Cyder, besides the Ul'e of Fire, and the necessary Otenfils for drefTing and eating their Meals, without any Allowance whatever from Government, by which it appears they fuilain a Loss of Three Pence per Day, at the least, by each Man so

furnished by them.

It further appears to your Committee, that very confulerable Losses muff be sustained by the Inn-keepers, and others, receiving and providing for Troop Horses, for which they are allowed only Six Pence for each Horse, for Hay and Straw for Twenty-four Hours — As no Stint or Ratio is settled as to the Weight of Hay and Straw to be delivered for each Horle when in Quarters, and the Soldiers claim the same without Restriction, it is difficult to ascertain to whac Extent the Loss may go; but from examining Accounts accurately kept by some of the Inn-keepers of Hay and Straw consumed by Troop Horses in dated Tiroes, and the Evidence of all of them of the great Quantity of Hay consumed by the Horses, and taking into Consideratitm the different Prices of Hay and Straw in different Counties, and making a Deduction for the Value of the Dung which the Innkeeper retains — It appears to your Committee, thac there mud, upon an Average, be a Loss of about Six Pence on each Horse for every Twenty-four Hours, over and above the Allowance made by Government.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned, being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had' been (truck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Fourteen Members then remaining' unftruck;. to which lait-mentioned Lift the Name of Charles Dundas, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Scrope Bernard, Esquire, Lieutenant Colonel George Nugent, Robert Dundas, Esquire, John liiley Addington, Esquire, James Adams, Esquire, John Hill, Esquire, the Honourable George Villiers, Stanley, F.f-

quire, Thomas Johnes, Esquire, Lord Viscount Malden, 6 Lord

Se*for<l Right of Election Coin nut see appointed

faoufe resolvct Id adjourn to Monday.

Committee bn Mutiny Bill.

Account of Spirits distilled from Grain presented.

Account of Men and Boys employed in the Transport Service pre-fcnted.

35 Geo. III.

I30 Februarii.

217

Lord Viscount HincbingbrookWilliam Morton Pitt,

Esquire, the Honourable Bartholomew Daniel

Parker Coke, Esquire, Charles Dundas, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of and also, of the Petition of several Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Port, whose Names are thereunto Tub-feribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said Town and Port in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors for the said Town and Porr, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, That they would well and truly try the Merits of the said Petitions, and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Scleft Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House Will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled} An winzer and Act for naturalizing Frederick Albert and Nat*! 'cam

Simon Maurice Betbmann, was read a Second Time. mitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cankr«5n*» for naturalizing John Christopher Cankrien, was read the Nat* B*11 rem<1 First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ari v*n Y*en-Act for naturalizing John Van Yzendoom, an Infant, Nat-

of the Age of Twelve Years, was read the First 1 read'

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gentle- Member added men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring irt, i Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the fe- T^yford in veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed* clofur. Bill, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments} and entitled to certain Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, within the adjoining Parishes bf Bintry and in the County of Norfolk.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House* according to Bintiy and Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Twyford in — Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Bintry and Ywyford, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and tead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gen- Member added tlemen, who afe appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the fe- and Great*"* veial Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Dunham in-being Owness and Proprietors of divers Messuages, #ur*

Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, within the adjoining Parishes of and

Great Dunham, in the County of Norfolk.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rix, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Baf, pfefented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from Grain, distinguishing the Kinds of Grain, as far as the same can be done, and the Duty paid thereon, from the lft of January 1792 to the ift of January last, or as far as the same can be made up;

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Whitehead; Secretary to the Transport Board, attended at the Door, he Was called in and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,'

An Account of the Number of Men and'BoyS'employed in His Majesty's Transport Service;

And rhen he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Yol. L.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Lexham Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, DmiSm*rn-the Wholfc Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year cloture B.iil Or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Preftot*d-within the Parishes of East Izxbam and Great Dunham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open and Winterborne Common Fields, and qther Commonable Lands and Grounds, ift the Parishes of Winterborhe Earls, and committed. Allington, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved\That the Bill be committed to Mr.

HuJJey, Mr. Goddard, See.; And they afe to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Cold-4.(ton Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Downs, B*11

and ajl the Corqmonable and Waste Lands, within p* the Manor and Parish of Cold- Aston, otherwise Aston~

Blank, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 54. 1. ult. To leave out "and."

3 K Pr.

2 18

13° — 16b Februarii. A. 1795.

Pr. 55. 1. r. After Tenants" to insert *f as " such, and the said Trustees " of the Allotments for Stohe or Gravel Pits and for Fuel fC to the Poof, as such respectively."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass t And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Downs, and all the Commonable and Wide Lands, within the Manor

and Parish of Cold-Aston, otherwise Act on-Blank, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were Militia Eitu appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the n,ate Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1795, that the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1795.

£ s' d.

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men — — - 28,784

Cloathing for D* - — *- — — — 30,840

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants — — — — 18,781 — —

Cloathing for D# - 3,598

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers — 4,690

Cloathing for D° — . - 1,028 — —

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals — — . — 12,521 *

D° - - D* - 66 Adjutants - 7»i95

Twenty-eight Days Pay to the several Officers — — 8,700 — - —

£ 116,137

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Marine Mu. Re/olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-sene^iU<le" *nS next, refohre itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Bill for render- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ctrtain'ordere th* whole House, to whom the Bill for rendering effec-in Council re- tual His Majesty's Orders in Council, of the 16th and XdmlfiuMiof 2,ft of January 1795, respecting the Admission of the Effea* defer- Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of red> this Country, to be Warehoused, was committed, be

received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,16° Fe j

Anno 35*. Georgii IIIm Regis 1795. Prayers.

Tti*Lord* A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Walker, have agreed to and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

Biihampton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

lncLofoft Bill, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bijbampton, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to vary the Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of ^fTheGrand The Grand Juntlion Canal to vary the Course of a cer- ju»aion Ca-tain Part of the said Canal in the County of Hertford, "*>. so as to render the Navigation thereof more safe and convenient, and for making some other Amendments and Alterations in an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk Proceeding,0« had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the ?~.IndifAu* Names of all the Members of the House who had ' ur* delivered in Lifts, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, pasted in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in 'The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Sir Charles Morgan presented toythe House, accord- Brecon and ing to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road at, or near, , through presented.

Merthyr 'Tidvill, in the County of to join

the Public Roads near Rbydy Blew, in the County of B/econ: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Sir

1

35 Geo. III. i 6° Pebruarii.

First Report from Committee appointed to take the Evidence in Support of Eau Brink and King't L*nn Drainage Bill.

Minute! of Evidence in Support of D° Bill to be printed*

hearing of Counsel on Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill deferred*

Great Cat* worth Inclosure Bill patented.

'tVcrnditch Inclcfure Bill presented.

Sir Charles Morgan reported from the Committee appointed to take the Residue of the Evidence which may be thought proper to be adduced in Supporc of the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Nodraining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's , in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called East Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour

of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers, communicating with the said River Ouze, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House; and who were instructed to admit Counsel for the Bill* and for the Petitioners against the Bill, to attend them on the raking of the Minutes of such Evidence} That the Committee had proceeded in the Examination of several Witnesses, produced in Support of the said Bill, and had directed him to report the Minutes of such Examination to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, and also of the Minutes of the Evidence which shall be, from Time to Time, reported to the House from the said Committee be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Orii ginal.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fehs, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's in the said County,

and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze,from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of IViggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze,

Ordered, That the Hearing of Counsel Upon the said Bill be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The Earl Ludlow presented to the House, according to Order* a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields; Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Great

Catworth, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl Ludlow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands; Commons, and Commonable Places of JVornditch, in the Parish of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the*First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Keighley and Mr. Duncombe presented to the House; according to bIu R°a* Order; a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering

and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts for repairing several Roads in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the Road from Keighley to Bradford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House; according Caunton to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, p^kmed.8*11 the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Town-Ihips or Hamlets of Caunton, B, and Knapthorpe, and for exonerating the said Town-ships or Hamlets, and also the Hamlet of Dean Hall, all in the Parish of Caunton,in the County of ham, from the Payment of Tythes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and others, the Petition from Corporation of the Town and Corporation of Penzance, of Ten, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, *anc« against and read; Setting forth. That the Town of Penzance ,he ^pphea'

. ° _ . tion for New-

IS an anci-nt; large, populous Town and Corporation, iyn Pier Bill, in the Center of Mount's Bay, and the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, have, from Time to Time, expended upwards of £. 12,000 in erecting, and keeping in Repair, the Key or Pier belonging to the said Town, and they have lately laid out upwards of 1,200 in enlarging such Pier, and making it more convenient and safe, and the same is now, in every Respect, per-fe&Iv safe and secure for Vessels of Burthen; and that the Petitioners have been obliged; from Time to Time, to borrow Money for the Purpose of erecting and keeping such Pier in Repair, a considerable Part of which is now unpaid, and the Interest thereof dif-scharged by the Profits afifing from the Quay Dues, and other Emoluments attendant thereon and that the Petitioners have been informed, a Petition Has been presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill to erect a Pier at the Village of Newlyn, in Mount's Bay aforesaid, a short Mile from Penzance Pier, and that the Expence thereof be paid by a Duty imposed on Pilchards, and other Fish, and a Tonnage or Duty on Vessels ufifTg such Pier; and that there now is, and hath been for a great Number of Years, a Pier at the said Village of Newlyn, convenient and suitable for protedling and defending Boats and Craft used in the Fishery, therefore the Petitioners believe, that the Intention of erecting such new Pier is more for the Purpose of obtaining Emoluments, as Quay Dues, from Vessels entering such Pier; than for procedbngthe Boats and Craft employed in the Fishery; and the Petitioners, in case such Bill should pats into a Law, will be greatly injured, and unable in future to support, and keep in Repair, the Pier of the said Town of for the

Benefit of Vessels trading the re, and putting in for Shelter and Safety, and several of the Petitioners, as Individuals, are greatly alarmed, having large Adventures in the Pilchard Fishery at the said Village of

Newlyn; and the Neighbourhood, as they are well informed that such intended Pier will require £. 6,000 to compleat it, which will fall very heavy on all the Fish Curers, as, on an Average, no more than Five Thousand Hogsheads of Pilchards are Annually cured at the Village of Newlyn: And therefore hoping. That the House will take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and not permit such intended Bill, for the Purpose of erecting a new Pier at Newlyn aforesaid, to pals into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, in Objection to such Bill, before the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

A Bill

Reading Taring, &e. Bill committed.

Petition from Scarborough against the Bill for requiring Owners of Ships to fumifli Men for the Nary.

Answer to Addrefi.

Abingdon and T rovrbridge Canal BjU prefcuted.

2 20

i6° Februdrii. . 1795.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Footways in the Borough of Reading, in the County of , for better

repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Borough, and for removing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was read a Second Time,

ResolvedThat the Bili be committed to Mr. Francis Anne/ley, Mr. Aldworth Neville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, in the Common Hall assembled, on Behalfof themselves, and all other the Ship Owners, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Scarborough aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for requiring the Owners and Matters of Ships, belonging to Great Britain, to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages; And setting forth, That the Petitioners, although fully sensible that the rnoft vigorous Measures are absolutely necessary for increasing the Number of Seamen in His Majesty's Navy, yet they conceive the Mode of raising Men Under the Terms of the said Bill to be impradicable, from the Difficulties that have been experienced during the last Year; of procuring Men for the Merchants Service* wherein the enormous Wages of Six Pounds per Month were paid to Seamen of an ordinary Defcpption; and that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners are of Opinion it will create a general Dif-content amongst the numerous Body of His Majesty's Subjects in the Shipping and Mercantile Interests, that it will operate as an Embargo, cause a general Stagnation of Trade, and defeat the End it is intended to produce; and that the Petitioners, being satisfiied of the Impossibility of their procuring Men under the before-mentioned Bill, are nevertheless ready to stand forward in Support of the King and Constitution, and to submit chearfully to such pecuniary Aid, in common with their Fellow Subjects, as the Exigencies of the State may require, and the Wisdom of Parliament ^hink proper to impose: And therefore praying. That the said Bill, in its present.Form, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, that their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Charles Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or lfis, at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of Petitnn from the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland h 1'uVe-

Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being hold"i«, bi-c-Eledors of Members to represent the said City and for»-.fvveft-Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and many other Elcdors of the said City and Liberty, was R.-h: «f Eiec-delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, ,0"'

That, some Time, on or about the 3d Day of April 1789, a Select Committee of this House was appointed to try and determine the Merits of a certain Petition of Sir Samuel H00J, Baronet, Lord blood of the Kingdom of Ireland, and also, a Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, severally complaining of an undue Election for the said City and Liberty, which said Select Committee did, on the 6th Day of Jute last, report to this House, that it appeared to them, the said Seledc Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions did, in Part, depend upon the Right of Election* the Parties were therefore required to deliver in Statements, in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended i That, in Consequence thereof, the Petitioner Lord Hood delivered in a Statement as follows — The Petitioner, Lord Hood, states the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster to be in the Inhabitants, Householders

paying Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes of " Saint Margaret and SaintJohnf and the several Pa- rishes of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann,

" Saint James, Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, in the County of " Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of

Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as are nor within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of tl called The Temple Bar Ward, The Royal Ward, The Middle Ward, and Precincts of the that the

Electors Petitioners delivered in a Statement as follows The Electors Petitioners state, that the:

Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householder's paying

Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes of Margaret and Saint John, in the several Parishes of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Anni Saint James,

Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, in the County of , and in

so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields,

" Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as are " not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty " of the Dutchy of Lancaster, called The Temple Bar Ward, The Royal Ward, The Middle Ward, and Pre- cindts of the Savoy " that the Sitting Member,

Lord John Townshend, delivered in a Statement as fol-

lows — The Right of Election is in the Inhabitants,

Householders of the Parishes of Margaret And Saint John, Saint George Hanover Square, Saint James

Westminster, Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement

" Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint Mary le Savoy,

" Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann Soho, and the " District of Saint Martin le Grand:" That, upon the Statements delivered in by the Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined, " That the Right " of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scotland " Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint Margaret " and Saint John, and the several Parishes of Saint " Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, Saint " George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint " tin le Grand, in the County of and in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields,

" Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, as " are not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of LancajlerThat, upon the Statement delivered in by the Sitting Member, the Committee have determined, *« That the Right of

" Election

35 Geo. lit

i6° Febru

ill

Norwood and

Paddington Canal Bill deferred.

Winzer and Beihmann*a Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

Wifs's Nat. Bill pallet].

e< Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not " the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty " of Westminster and that certain Persons pretending

to be Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and Liberty of having,

on the 13th Day of January last, presented their Petition to the House, praying that they may be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Scledfc Committee, and the Petitioners infilling that the Right of Election which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is. the'ancient and true Right of Election for the said City and Liberty of Westminster Therefore praying; That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, and that they may have such farther and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Eledors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster,shall be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inferred, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazettee, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Monday last, for reading a Second Time, upon nejday Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant bruary, the Bill for making a Navigable Cut from *The Grand Junction Canal, in the Precind of Norwood,

in the County of Middlesexto Paddington, in the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 2d Day of March next.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Albert Winzer and Simon Maurice Bethmar.n, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered,.That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Matthew was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Matthew.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Vol. L.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Schmic!tmc^''j

was read the Third Time. ^Ora*

' Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title P1 e be, An Act for naturalizing Peter Schmidtmeyer.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. James Grenville presented to the House, ac- Alton

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosingrhe J- *

Open and Common Fields, Waites, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of in

the County of Buckingham, and for exonerating the fame, and certain ancient Inclosures, Orchards, and Homesteads, within the said Parish, from the Paymenc of Tythes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Mainwaringreported from the Committee, to Counter*,

whom the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Seventh and Thirty- 1 i

first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for reported, repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said . __

Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Jfleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a

Gate on the South Side of Teddington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road, near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the

Sign of The George, in the Town of Iflew aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon thfc Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, Ijvith the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Pcnley Tnelo-Waste Lands in the Township of Penley, in the County comik

of Flint, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr;

Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Call reported from the Committee to whom batcher ard the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Bucks and - sported. dlesex, and of the Merchants and Traders of the Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House } and he read the Report in his Place } and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth , viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Rennie,an Engineer, being examined, said,

3 L That

4

in 16° Februarii. . 1795.

That lie has surveyed the Line of the intended Canal, as described in the Petition, and that it is practicable to make the fame, which will be of considerable Advantage to the Country through which it will pass, and of Public Utility -Then,

Mr. Charles Trtifs,being examined, said, That he

knows the Country through which the Canal is intended to run, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and is of Opinion, that it will be of the greatest Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof, and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River ‘Th, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Hatchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of ljlewcrth, in the County, of Middlesex: And that Sir John Call, Sir Watkin Lewes, and Mr. fVigley, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Account* of Ordlred, That such a Number of Copies of the fe-Men who en- veral Accounts which have been presented to this &cP&c'w°be' House, *n this Session of Parliament, of the Number Minted! -of Men who now enjoy Protections from the Board of Admiralty, and of the Number of Men and Boys employed in the Transport Service, and in Vessels belonging to the Navy Board, Victualling Office, and Excise, who enjoy Protections, as also of Persons employed on the River by the India Company, and of those registered on the Books of the Watermen's Company, of the Number of Press Gangs employed, and of armed Ships and Tenders, and Navy Transports, and of Bounty Money paid to Seamen and Landmen in the different Ports of this Kingdom, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ufcof the Members of the House.

Account of The House being informed, that Mr.

Whale Ship* from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, — and of*1"*1 attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Scotch Light- Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direc-m?flionersm* tlons several Acts of Parliament, presented.' An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port discharged; also, what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, from 10th 1793 to 10th

1794: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Abstract of the Accompts of the Commissioners for the Northern Light Houses, 8th July 1794."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

‘ Ordered That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being informed, that Mr. surch n'ade in from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, at-RrturntoOr-'1 tended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the tier for Ac- Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, &e"utea?n«he -^n Account the Quantity of Starch made from biiiiiicnct, Wheat Flour,or other Materials, which has paid Duty picfemed. in Scotland, from 5th January 1794 to 5th January 1795-

Mr. Mitford also, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, Return to an Order of the

«« Honourable House of Commons, of 5th February " *795* for an Account of the Quantities of Corn, f* Grain, Flour, Malt, and Bran, used in the Distilleries " of Scotland, from the til of January 1790 to the 1 It lt of January 1795, as ^ar as the same can he made up; distinguishing the different Sorts of Corn and " Grain."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Return were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Return are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Men or Boys employed in any Vefi'el, Craft, Barge, or Boat, belonging to and hired for the Service of the Ordnance: And also,

An Account of the Number of Men and Boys who enjoy Protections from the Office of OrdnanceAnd also.

An Account of the Number of Transports atpresent in the Service of the Ordnance, their Tonnage, and the Number of Men employed therein.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered>That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts of Mm and Hoyt emtJoyrd ill Vessels belonging 10 the Ordnance; of those who enjoy Protefliow; and of N° of Tianlporttj presented.

Mr, Hobart, according to Order, reported from the- Mutiny Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill rtPorted* for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second T-ime, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committ««on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^r'^nMu* upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That rhere be laid before this House, MemmiiU Copies of the several Memorials presented from the Officers serving in The East Indies to the Court of indie*, orda-Directors concerning their Rank. ed>

The

35 Geo. III.

16° Febru

223

Committee of Supply.

The Order of the Day being read* for the House ro resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

EOimate* of Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Ma-Oidnanre. and jetty's Navy, fur the Year 1795, be referred to the Extra of Navy laid Committee.

tctetccd. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what

may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yatds, and other Extra Works, over and above what arc proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have I..eave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House resolved itself irith the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mundy took the Chair of the Conhmittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Dr. Good-enough to preach on the Fast Day.

Bill for requiring Owners of Ships to furnish Men for the Navy, deferred.

ICing't Consent lo Trinity Inc lofure Bill.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Goodenough be desired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster, upon Wednesday the 25th Day of this Instant February, being the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fast: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for requiring the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to Great Britain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly*

Resolved, That chis House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Trinley, otherwise Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, which Bill was, upon Friday last, re-

ported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as thtv shall think fit.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndharh presented to the House,

according tb Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and for amending and reducing into one Act, the Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King the First, the Four-

teenth Year of the Reign of King George the Secontl; and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from ley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Hill, in the

Parish of Box, in the said County, and several other Roads near, or adjoining to, the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An mgrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint MartiA Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry tht Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Horseley Upright Gate and Kingsdown Hill Roads Bill prefemed*

St. Martin Stamford Baron Inclosure Bill passed.

Bill paised.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing thfe Bridge Cafttr-Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and ton indole Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bridge in

the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bridge Caflerton, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trinity Inclosure Bill passed*

Committee on Report of

Derby Petition telaiing'to the Militia.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and Gentlemen of the County of Derby, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Trinley, otherwise ,in the County of Gloucester',was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 28. To leave out from allowed" to And" in Pr. 13.1. 9.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Trinley, otherwise Tirley, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Captain Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An' ingrossed Bill to amend and render effectual so Worcester much of an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His Avenue Bill present Majesty, as relates to improving the Entrance Passed*

into

1

tfull Debtor* Petition*

Wejn and Means deferred.

Bill for rendering effectual certain Orders in Council respecting the Admission of Effectt deferred.

Stoke upon Trent and Newcastle under Lyfhe Canal Petition reported*

224

16° — 17& Februarii. A. 1795.

into the City of Worcefitr, from the London and Upton Roads, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 5. After " the" to insert *f Interest of " the."

1. 9. To leave out can" and insert " or " any Seven or more of them can " in their Judgment" indead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Qtief-tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House $ and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and render effectual so much of an *Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to improving the Entrance into the City of fVqrcester,from the London and Upton Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Debtors now confined in His Majesty's Gaol in and for the Town and County of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. ‘

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council, of the 16th and aift of January 1795, respetting the Admission of

the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be Warehoused, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis9 170 die Februarii;

Anno 35* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1795. Prayers.

THE Earl Gower Sutherland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as foliow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Clowes, being examined, said. That by proper Surveys and Levels lately made and taken, it appears that a Cut or Canal may be made from the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the

Town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the said County, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, which will facilitate the Carriage and Conveyance of Lime, Limestone, Iron, and other Minerals,

Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and will also tend greatly to the Improvement of the adjacent Lands, the Ease and Convenience of the Manufactories, and the Preservation of the public Highways, and will otherwise be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the said County: And that the Earl Gower Sutherland and Lord Granville LevefonGower do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The Earl Gower Sutherland reported from the Com- uttoxeter ini mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, Yoxall Road and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, M*

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, orinterested in, Estates in the County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and foond that the Standing Orders of the House, relarive to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, the Application to Parliament for repairing the Road mentioned in the.Petition not having been determined upon until the Time limited for giving the Notices required by the said Orders had elapl'ed; and that the C immittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di; e£led him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts passed in the Sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from High Briin the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeler, and from Spaih to Hanging

Bridge, and from Tewnall's Lane to Bridge, in the fn 1 County, were read: And,

Mr. Robert Barbor being examined, said. That if Power was given to enable the Trustees for the Care and Management of the Second District of Roads co npr zed in the said Acts, to make, widen, and keep in Repair, the Road from Caldon Low, through Farley and Quickfll, to join the Turnpike Road from Uttoxeter to Hanging Bridge, between Barrow Hill and Comoridge, a much better and (hotter Communication would be opened between Uttoxeter and Leke, and from thence to Manchester, and many steep Hills avoided, and the Means of getting at the Market of Leke, with the Produce of the adjacent Country would be much facilitated. — And he further said,

Thatitis the general W'ifh of the Neighbourhood, thac the said Road should be put under the Management of the said Trustees, who are willing and consenting thereto.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County of Stafford, and in Three Newspapers to be printed or circulated in the said County in the Months of March and April next, or in either of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Bill to enable the Trustees for executing so much of Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Twenry-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall's Lane to 2'oxall Bridge, as relates to the Second District of Road

6 therein

35 Geo. III. 170 FebruariL 115

therein mentioned, to make and maintain a Road from a Place called Caldon , through Farley and Quickjill,to join the said Turnpike Road from Ut(ox-eterto Hanging Bridge,between Barrow Hill and Corn-

bridge, all in the said County of Stafford.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are '^inst the Bill thereunto subscribed, being a Committee chosen by for requiring the Merchants, Owners, and Commanders of Vessels, Owner* of belonging to the Town and Port of Whitehaven, at a foroilhMen Public Meeting called for the Purpose of taking fortheNaTy. into Consideration the Bill, now depending in Parliament, concerning the Manning of His Majesty's Navy, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are 486 Vessels belonging to the Port of Whitbaven, including the Out Ports and Creeks within its Survey, which amount altogether to 57,081 Tons -Register Measure, Averaging 117 Tons for each Vessel; and that a Vessel of 117 Tons is usually Navigated from the said Port in the Coal Trade to Ireland with a Captain, One Mate, One Seaman, Averaged for the Navy One good Seaman and Three Apprentices, amounting to Seven Persons, which Number being multiplied by the Number of Vessels amounts to 3,402 Persons, which is only 152 Persons short of the Number of Persons reported at the Custom House to belong to the Shipping of those Ports, and if to this Number is added the additional Number of Men required for the Vessels employed in the Foreign Trade out of the said Port, and which are always better manned, it will be found. to amount to the full Number of Persons so reported at the Custom House; and that it appears from this Statement that there are not above 486 able Seamen belonging to the said Port and the Out Ports and Creeks aforesaid, exclusive of Mates fit for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, which the Petitioners conceive to be little more than One Half of the Number that would be required to be raised according to the Terms of the said Act, but, from Experience, the Petitioners are convinced that the Number of good Seamen is not so large as may appear from the above Statement, because many of their Ships after being laden are frequently detained in Port for Want of Seamen, and it is very usual for Seamen to belong to more Vessels than One in the Coal Trade, and to fail with each alternately j and that the Petitioners conceive, for the Reasons above-stated, that the Provisions of the Bill, now depending, for Manning the Navy, ought not, as it regards the Coal Trade of the said Port, and the Out Ports and Creeks belonging to it, to be carried into Effect, and that if the same pafics into a Law the Number of Seamen required by the Act cannot be furnished, and Landmen, from the Petitioners peculiar local Situation, cannot be procured but in a very great Length of Time, and those at such a Bounty as would nearly annihilate the Petitioners Coal Trade, and they are afraid that the offering of Bounties would be ineffectual, as very large Bounties have frequently been subscribed by the Town for procuring Seamen and Landmen upon many Occasions, but to little Effect; and that, if the said Bill shall pass into a Law, a great Part of the Petitioners Ships in the Coal Trade mult inevitably lay by the Walls unemployed, and a great Number of Persons employed in the Collieries will be thrown into immediate Distress: And therefore, on Behalf of therr.selves, and the Merchants, Ship Owners, and Inhabitants of Whitehaven, praying. That such Relief may be extended to them, in regard to their Inability , to comply with the Provisions of the said intended Act, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for requiring the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to Great Britain to furnish a cer-Vol. L.

tain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respectivC Voyages, is re-committed.

A Petition of the Merchants, principal Inhabitants, P«tM«n from Adventurers, Fish Curers, and others, interested and jwToflpw-concerned in the Pilchard Fishery in Mount's Bay, re- zance again* siding in, and belonging to, the Town of Penzance, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, iy„ piM g»n* and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to erect a Pier at the Village of Newlyn, in Mount's. Bay aforesaid, and that the Expence thereof be paid by a Duty to be imposed on.

Pilchards, and other Fish cured at the said Village, and a Tonnage or Duty imposed on all Vessels entering such Pier, alledging that such Pier is necessary for the Protection and Safety of the Boats and Craft used in the Pilchard Fishery carried on there: That the Petitioners, most seriously alarmed at such an Attempt, big with Mischief and Ruin to all Persons interested and concerned in such Pilchard Fishery, beg Leave to state to the House their Objections to the said Bill being passed into a Law; that several of the Petitioners are largely concerned in such Fishery, and have, for a Number of Years lad past, laid out, expended, and loft, very considerable Sums of Money, in carrying the same on, and, in case such Pier be built by a Duty on the Pilchard Fishery, it will in future amount nearly, if not entirely, to a Prohibition, for the Petitioners are well informed, that such Pifcr will require upwards of £. 6,000 to erect*it, and there are only, on an Average, between Five and Six thousand Hogsheads of Pilchards Annually cured at the said Village of Newlyn, and the Petitioners are fully convinced that, without the Assistance of the Merchants, and Persons of Property, in the said Town of Penzance, the Sean Pilchard Fishery cannot be carried on to any Extent at the Village of Newlyn, a Number of poor Men will be thrown out of Employ, and a Nurfcry of Seamen loft; and, the Petitioners beg further to add, that there is already at the said Village of Newlyn, a safe and convenient Pier for the Protection of the Boats and Craft used in the Fishery there, and such Petitioners Assertions are groundless when they state they are much hindered and obstructed in carrying on the Fishery, and the Boats and Crafc not properly protested at present, for a great Number of Boats are lodged during the Winter at various Places in Mount's Bay, particularly in the Parish of Madron, the Towns of Penzance and Marazion, not for want of Room or Protection in the Pier (there being sufficient Space for all Boats that have, for a Number of Years, been usually wintered there) but for the Purpose of easing the Adventurers in the Payment of Tythes for Fish caught by such Boats, and the Fast is, that very few Boats are now wintered at Newlyn, therefore the Petitioners believe that such Pier is not so much intended for the Protection of the Pilchard Fishery as for the Emolument of some few interested Individuals who have Property near the Spot such intended Pier is to be erected on; and that, should such Pier be builr, and Quay Dues imposed on Vessels putting in there, it will most materially injure the Petitioners, and the Inhabitants of the Town of Penzance at large, who have laid out great Sums of Money in erecting 'Warehouses, and other necessary Conveniencies forluch Vessels, as shall, from Stress of Weather or otherwise, take Shelter at the said Pier of Penzance, exclusive of the Loss that will be sustained by the Corporation of the said Town, who have expended, from Time to Time, many Thousand Pounds in building and repairing the said Pier at Penzance: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioners Objections into Consideration,

3 M and

Bl4 for npply-i *.<» Derby Militia Money or dat'd#

Cankrien'* Nar. Bill committed.

Van Yzen* doom's Nat# hill com-luittai.

Pn if ion from N r WC«t il let* |>Oll

TyU5 Itnaintt

riie Bill for re-<ju*r»n«x Own-«r' of bhi;'* to hirnifli Men for the Navy.

22 6

Februarii.

A. 179$,

and prevent such intended Bill from passing into a l.aw; and tint the Petitioners, mav have Leave to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill, as they shall be ad vi fed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. jMundy,according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Noblemen anil Gentlemen of the County of Derby, was referred; that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for applying certain Sums of Money raised in the County of Derby by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respetting the Militia of this Kingdom.

And Mr. Mundy moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, Tint Leave be given to bring in a Bill for applying certain Sums of Money raised1 in the County of Derby by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom: And that Mr. Mundy, Lord Jrhn Cavendish, Lord George guftus Henry CavendiJJj, and Mr. Daniel Parker Coke,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Cankrien, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Van an Infant,

of the Age of Twelve Years, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Buxton, &c.: and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners of Ships, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Yyne,was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are firmly attached to the present Government of this Kingdom as founded in King, Lords, and Commons, and ve willing to aid and assist, by all Means in their Power, the illustrious Family now on the Throne against Foreign Enemies, and the more destructive Attempts of Internal Disaffection: That the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, that, conceiving a Bill now pending in Parliament, to compel ail Ship Owners in every Port and Place of this Kingdom, &c. to provide and supply a certain Number of Men, mentioned in the said Bill, for the Service of His Majesty's Ships, to be particularly of-prellive and injurious to the Petitioners, insomuch that, if the said Bill palfes into a Law, the Petitioners will be debarred from pursuing their lawful Business, or employing their Ships as heretofore, the Petitioners jufily apprehending their Inability to furnish the Quota of Men prescribed by the said Bill, or carrying t>n their Commerce under the Prelfure of so heavy a Burthen; and the Petitioners further conceiving that, by the F.lfablishment of the happy Consticution by which this Kingdom is governed, a partial Tax im-tposed (as comprehended in the said Bill) on any one particular Set or Body of His Majesty's Subjects, is imconllitutional, and contrary to the Liberties, Rights, and Privileges, of Britons: The Petitioners alfu dreading the fatal Consequences that may ensue to the Internal Peace and Prosperity of the Nation, and the

Happiness of the People, especially all those numerous Gaffes concerned in, or dependant on, Trade and Manufactures, by the Distress which may be occasioned from a Stagnation in Commerce; therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their most fi-rious Consideration, and enact fonie more equitable Mode, as shall seem most proper to the House, of railing such a Supply of Men for the Navy of Great Britain as the Exigencies of the State may require, to which good and necessary Purpose the Petitioners will gladly contribute in common with the rest of His Majesty's Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for requiring the Owners and Masters of Ships Belonging to Great Britain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, is re-committed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Bintry *nd Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, commuted, within the Parishes of Bintry and Tzvyford, in the County of Norfolk,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Sir John IVodehouse, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five o the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the East Lexhar* Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Jj,dnf^r"[n Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within cloiWe Bill* the Parishes of East Lexhamand Great Dunham, in the committed. County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being severally Owners and Part Owners of Ships or Vessels, registered at the Port of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is now before the House for requiring the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to Great Britain, to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof for the Service of His Majesty's Navy; and Repre-fenting to the House, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Intention thereof would be defeated, as far as it would affect the Coal Trade carried on from the Port of Sunderland, inasmuch as it will be utterly impossible to procure the Seamen and Land-men in the Proportion required by the Bill: That the Decrease of Seamen in Time of War is always very great, but at this Juncture it is particularly so, the Dread and Fear entertained of the Impress Service by young Men, in the interior Parts of the Country, prevents Numbers becoming Apprentices to the Sea Service, and several Instances have occurred, during the present War, where Apprentices, contrary to Law, have been imprefied into His Majesty's Service, the Consequence is, that the Petitioners arc put to great Expence and inconvenience in procuring the necessary Number of Hands to navigate their Ships, and, noc being able altogether to raise able bodied Seamen, they are obliged to accept old and infirm Men, to whom they pay from Eight to Ten Guineas a Piece per Voyage Coastwise, who, before the Commencement of the War, were not able to support themselves, and, with respctft to Landmen, the large Bounties offered by those employed in the Recruiting Service renders it out of the Power of the Petitioners to procure them;

8 and

Petition from Sunderland against the Bill fur requiring Owners of Ships tofurnifli Men for the Natry.

35 Geo. ill. 17°

l

and that, supposing it were posa'ole for the Petitioners to furnish Seamen and Landmen in a more limited Degree than what is required by the Bill* they are convinced, even in that Cafe, the Price that would be demanded by each Seaman and Landman to be pro- cured would be such as could not be borne by the Owners of Ships employed in the Coal Trade, and the Petitioners are of Opinion, it would on an Average, require One-fifth Part of the Value of their Ships to furnish the Men required by the Bill for the first Six Months; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to allure the Houfr, that they are ready at all Times to aid and assist His Majesty, as far as they are able, in every reasonable Measure calculated for the Protection and Preservation of His Majesty's Dominions, but they cannot conceive why the Ship Owners are to bear the Whole of the Burthen, and that others of His Majesty's Subjects are to be exempt, who would derive equally as much Benefit from the Measure as those who are now called on solely to contribute and they fiib-mit to the House, whether in any Plan, which has for its Objett the Protection and Preservation of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Properties of His Majesty's Subjects, all Persons in every Situation in Life, whether in Church, Estate, Places under Government, and the Trading Interests of the Country in general, should hot contribute according to their several Circum-llances and Abilities; and the Petitioners cannot help Hating their decided Conviction, that, if the present Bill should pass into a Law, it will operate as a complete Embargo on the Ships and Vessels of the Petitioners and others employed in the Coal Trade, which mult of Necessity be laid by, and in that same the Ruin of the Petitioners, and all others dependant on the

Trade, must be inevitable i That, if the fcoai Trade carried on from the Port of Sunderland aforesaid, should be (topped or impeded for any Length of Time, the Petitioners are afraid it would be productive.of the most serious Consequences; they have at various Periods experienced disastrous Circumstances from the tumultuous and riotous Proceedings of the labouring People, whose foie Dependence is on the said Trade; and who would by this Means be deprived of Support; to obtain which, it is to be dreaded they would, as on former Occasions, have Recourse to very dangerous Expedients; And therefore the Petitioners, under these Circumstances, beseech the House, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and they rely on the Wifdorn and Justice of the House to devise other Means more equal, and better calculated to obtain Men for fupT plying His Majesty's Navy than those pointed out by the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for requiring the Owners and Masters of Ships, belonging to Great Britain, to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, is re-committed.

Sir John Sinclair presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1794.

And the Title of the said Account-was read;

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Account of Iucome, &c. of Board of Agriculture presented.

ACCOUNT of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1794.

CHARGE;

s.

By Calli, per King's Warrant, for the Service of the Year 1794

3,000 ——

D I S C H A R G E.

By Exchequer Fees on the Receipt of the Grant of Money — —

By Payments, in Part, of Surveys of Counties ——

By Payments, in Part, for printing the Surveys, and other Papers, circulated by the Board, and of the Engravings accompanying the same - — —

By Salaries to the Officers of the Board* for Half a Year, at the Rate of.

To the Secretary

the Under Secretary the First Clerk the 9econd Clerk

£-400-) 200 I 150 I 80 J

per Annum

830

178 $ 6 870 2 —

1,407 ii 6

415 *----1

By Incidental Charges By Official Furniture By German Transiations

90 12 — 29 ——

9 9 —

John Sinclair, Presidenf.


Ordered*

Petition from the Mayor, Aldermen, See. of Durham respecting the War.

Petition from certain Inhabitant* of Durham against the above-mentioned Petition*

228 17 0 Februarii.A. 1795.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Freemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants of the City of Durham and its Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read i Setting forth* That the War in which these Kingdoms are now unfortunately involved, has already proved highly injurious to their Trade and Commerce, and, if persevered in, may, by interrupting their established Intercourse with Foreign Nations, and loading the Manufactures of this Country with additional Burthens, finally effect their DestruClion: That, although the Commercial Interest has more essentially suffered from the War, yet every other Part of the Community has feyerely felt its Pressure: That, while the Petitioners are Personally sensible of these Evils, Humanity leads them to deplore the Lives of their brave Countrymen sacrificed in this unavailing Contest: That they fee, with Regret, the present Urge Expenditure of Public Money, which, if long continued) may produce such a Derangement in the Finances as must endanger the Constitution of any Country: That, sincerely attached as the Petitioners are to the Constitution of these Realms, they should think it their Duty to repel, to the utmost of their Power, the Attempts of any Nation whatsoever to interfere in their Internal Legislation, they must therefore consider the Continuation of the War, for the Purpose of changing the present Government of France, as totally repugnant to that grand Principle of Morality " of doing to others " as we would they should do unto us/' as pregnant with the greatest Calamities to this Country, and altogether impracticable, as melancholy Experience has fully demonstrated: That the Petitioners, deeply impressed with these important Truths, do therefore, in Justice to themselves and their Posterity, humbly Address their Representatives in Parliament assembled to interpose, by the Wisdom of their Councils, that the much wanted and invaluable Blessings of Peace may be speedily restored; and that if, after a Declaration on the Part of this Country of their willingness to enter into a Treaty upon fair, open, and reasonable Terms, the Enemy should persevere in Hostilities, the Petitioners* however desirous of Peace, will be found as forward in defending the just Claims, the Honour, and the Independence of these Kingdoms, as any Body of His Majesty's Subjects whatever.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Neighbourhood of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented t6 the House, and read Setting forth. That the Petitioners, strongly disapproving of all Attempts to interrupt the Deliberations of Parliament (especially in this momentous Crisis) by the Obtrusion of the Sentiments of Individuals, on important Subjects, concerning which private Individuals can, in general, have no authentic or complete Information, beg Leave to express their deep Concern at finding themselves under a Necessity of troubling the House with their Disavowal of a Petition which they understand is presented, or intended to be presented to the House, by some Persons of the said City and Neighbourhood, relative to the Time or Mode of making Peace: That the Petitioners firmly rely on the Wisdom of His Majesty, and of the Great Council of the Nation, and on that Paternal Goodness which strongly inclines His Majesty (ever con-fulting the Happinels and Welfare of His People) to terminate the Calamities of War as speedily as a safe and honourable Opportunity shall present itself: That in this firm and Constitutional Confidence they humbly pray that the greac Resources of this powerful Nation may continue to be exerted in such Manner as shall be moll conducive to the secure and permanent Establishment of a Peace, confident with the true Interest, Dignity, and Glory of the British Empire.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Ship Owners of the Port of New- Petition from castle, residing in North and South Shields, was pre- fhh*^j, Ia^r,nft fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That requiring the Petitioners are much alarmed at the present Bill Owner* of pending in Parliament, requiring Owners and Mailers nifhMen for of Ships to furnish Men for the Navy, and they cannot the Navy, but observe, that the Necessity oF a Measure, at once so new and unprecedented, can- have its Origin only in the Impolicy of the Admiralty at the Beginning of ' the present War in impressing Apprentices, and thereby deterring young Men from entering the Sea Service} so discouraging has the Conduct of the Admiralty been to the Sea Service, that the Petitioners can say, with Truth, the Nursery for Seamen is nearly annihilated:

That the Bill appears to the Petitioners to be extremely partial and oppressive, inasmuch as, contrary to any former Mode of Taxation, it levies a very unequal and heavy Burthen upon a small Portion of the Inhabitants, the Petitioners, in Defence of the whole Nation: That, should the present Bill pass into a Law, many of the Petitioners must be ruined, as it. is with the utmost Difficulty they can carry on their Trade, by Reason of the high Wages now paid, and it will not be in their Power to procure Men, Seamen cannot be had, and the Recruiting Service has raised the Bounties of Landmen beyond the Ability of the Petitioners and the Profits of their Trade j That the Petitioners cannot but lament the Situation of this Country, which requires such strong Measures, and think it their Duty to observe, that the Impolicy of the present Bill will, in their Opinion, operate still further to de-press the Kingdom and cramp its Commerce, and they are persuaded many of the Vessels of this Nation must be laid by, while the Ports will be crowded with Foreign Vessels importing the Cargoes our own Ships would be otherwise employed in bringing, and that the . Petitioners are as willing as any other of His Majesty's Subjects to contribute their Quota to the Necessities of the State: And therefore praying, That the House will not pass the present Bill into a Law, but adopt some Mode- more equal and impartial, as they shall see l

fit.

A'Petition of all the Merchants and Ship Owners Petition from of the Port of (Veils, in the County of Norfolk, assembled at a General Meeting, and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners, having ' maturely taken into their Consideration the Bill, now depending in the House* for the more effectually Manning His Majesty's Navy, find that they (agreeably to the proposed Mode) will be obliged to furnish a no less Number of Landmen than Sixty-seven, or Thirty-three Seamen and One Landman; and that the Petitioners know it to be wholly impossible for theip to provide Seamen, as they are unable even to have their own Vessels properly manned, and, from the Enquiries they have made, they find the Country so much drained by Recruiting Parties, that it will also be out of their Power to furnish their Quota of Landmen; and the Petitioners therefore foresee a total Stagnation of the Trade of the said Port (except in the Angle Article of Corn) as the certain Consequence of the Bill, in its present Shape, passing into a Law, and the numerous Poor, who thence derive their Subsistence, must of course become unemployed: I mprefled with the Truth -of these Premises, the Petitioners intreat the House to take the same into Consideration, and adopt some other Mode of procuring Men in the present Emergency, that may be unattended with the Hardships that must inevitably result from the One now proposed.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill 3 for

Bill for requiring Owners of Ships tofumifli Men for the Navy, withdrawn 5 and another ordered.

Perition from certain Inhabitant* of Car* tide respeciing the War.

Bill for railing Men for the Navy re-committed.

Report Supply*

Ordinary of Navy.

35 Geo. III. 170 Februa 229

for requiring the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to Great Bto furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Ton-nage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, is rc-committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for requiring the Owners and Masters of Ships belonging Britain to fur-

nish a certain dumber of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And the House being informed, that several mate, rial Alterations are necessary to be made to the said Bill; and that it therefore would be convenient that the same should be withdrawn, and another Bill be presented instead thereof 5

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present another Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Arden, Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Lord Hood, Mr, Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor

General, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of certain of the principal Inhabitants of the City and Neighbourhood of the City of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, impressed with an awful Sense of the Dangers which surround us, and anxious for the Cause of Humanity, and the Welfare of our Country, the Petitioners earnestly recommend to the serious Consideration of the House the dreadful Calamities, as well Public as Private, which the further Prosecution of the War mud necessarily produce, and Fequest: the House to adopt such Measures as to their Wisdom shall seem expedient in order to restore to these Kingdoms the invaluable Blessings of Peace.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in Great Britain, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, was committed *

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Eighty-nine thousand Six hundred and Eighty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 179$.

Vol. L.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Twenty-five thousand Eight hundred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what arc proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1795.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint Margaret Westminster, Kenjmgton, Chelsea, and Fulbam, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering the fame, except a certain Part thereof, is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council of the 16th and 21st of January 1795, respecting the Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be Warehoused, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgeis to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir John Duntze, Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which jthe Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lifts which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lifts were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker,

3 N taken

Extra Navy.

Voices to* Committee ort Hyde Park Corner, KLcn* fington, Arc. Roaids Bill*

To fend for P. P. R.

Bill for rendering effectual certain Orders in Council respecting the

Ad<ni(tion of Effects, reported*

Tiverton

Writ.

Marine Mutiny Bill rt« potted*

Proceedings o* East India Ju* dicaturc Act.

Ttrelchester and Lanpport Navigation Petitions reported.

230 17° — 18°

taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the fame, and report to the House, upon day next, the Name of every Member whose Name shall appear in Twenty or more of the said Lifts.

And they are referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Beau fey, Mr. Rose, Mr. Pitt, Mr. IVigley, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Steele, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Baker, Sir John Mordaunt. Sir John iVodehouse, Mr. Eliot, Sir John Call, Mr.

Alderman Andersoni And they ate to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriij 18° Februarii;

Anno 35° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

MR. Hippijley Cone reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Occupiers of Land, Traders, and Inhabitants, within the County of Somerset\ and also, another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Occupiers of Land, Traders, and Inhabitants, within the County of Somerset, were severally referred} kThat the

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation Bills, had been complied with, in respect to the First mentioned Petition, but that no Notices were given for the Application irt the Second mentioned Petition, the general Utility of making the Deviation therein mentioned not having occurred till after the Time limited for giving such Notices; and it appeared to the Committee, that all the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, through which the same is proposed to be made; are consenting thereto, and that a Plan of such Deviation, and a Book of Reference, had been lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Somerset, to be annexed to the Original Plan and Book of Reference, deposited according to the Orders of the House; and it also appeared that the said Cut will not be more than Three Quarters of a Mile in Length, and will, in no Place, deviate more than 200 Yards from the Course of the said River, and that no increase of Toll is intended in consequence of the said Deviation; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First mentioned Petition, Mr. Charles Harcoart Masters being examined, said. That the Navigation of the Rivers otherwise Yeo, and Parrett, and the Drain or Rhine called Portlake Rhine, between the Town of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, and the Entrance of the said Rhine into the River Parrett, near the Town of Langport, in the said County, is in many Places greatly impeded by Shoals and other Obstructions, and is not at present Navigable for Barges and other Vessels of

Februarii. A. 1795*

Burthen; and that the widening, improving, and supporting the Navigation thereof, would be of great Public Utility to the Neighbourhood and Country adjacent thereto.

Mr. George Tufon confirmed the above Evidence.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition,

Mr. Tu/on being further examined, said. That if in-fteadof following the Course of the Stream between a certain Bridge called Bichnell Bridge, a little above the Junction of the said Rivers, and the said Rhine called Portlake Rhitie, a Cut were to be made from the said Bridge into the said Rhine, being about the Distance of Three Quarters of a Mile, it would be the Means of more effectually completing the Improvement of the said Navigation, and of facilitating the Drainage of the Neighbouring Lands in Times of Flood.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Somerset, and in Three Newspapers to be printed or circulated in the said County, in the present Month of February, and in the Month of March following, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for making the said Deviation.

Lord fobn Cavendish prefenred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying certain Sums of Money, raised in the County of Derby by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Christopher Cankrien, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing JohnVanYzendoom, an Infant, of the

Age of Twelve Years, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And tire said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agroed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Ken/mgton, in the County of Middlesex,leading through the Towns of Brentford and the Powder

Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, o to

Bill for apply.

ing Dei by Militia Monts presented.

Cankrien's Nat. Bill re* ported, and palfed

Van Yzen-doonT* Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

Counter'* Bridge and Iileworth Roadt Bill ptlftd.

Accounts

prcteoud.

Money issued for His Majesty's Seivict Abroad.

On Account of the Fiench Refugees.

To Mr. Cotton for Allowances to American Sufferers.

55 Geo. III. 18° Februarii. 251

to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County* and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of ton Field, and also the Highway leading out of the

laid Great Road, near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of the , in t,he Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and Watering

Part of the said Highways* was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years- of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of

in the County of Middlesex,leading through the Towns of Brentford and , to the Powder

Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or alcering, the Highway leading from the said Road, at, or near, the End of Sion Lane, lo the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of ‘Tedding* ton Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road, near Smallber Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of the George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Money issued from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the 5th Day of January 1794 and the 5th Day of January 1795: And also,

An Account of Money issued to sundry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, on Account of the suffering Refugee Clergy, &c. of France: And also.

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Eft* quire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, /or defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of Civil

Officers, and others* who have suffered on Account of

their Attachment to His Majesty's Government: And also,

An Account of Money issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to be by him paid over to certain French Proprietors of the Island of Saint Domingo* to enable them to go there: And also*

An Account of Money issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to enable him to discharge Claims for Fees on Escheats and Forfeitures in the Province of Nova Scotia j apd for other Services: And aHo,

An Account of Money issued to William Pollock anft William HuJkiJJon, Esquires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for an Allowance to a Superintendant appointed to attend the Business arising out of an Act* p'afled in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving " in this Kingdom, or resident therein* in certain " Cafes," from the xoth Day of January 1793 to the nth Day of July 1794? and for Expences of Printing in Consequence of the above-mentioned Act, from the 5th Day of January 1793 to the 30th of April following: And also.

An Account of Mortey issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer* out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to the Representativesof William Blackburn, Esquire, as. a Compensation for his Trouble in making Designs for the Penitentiary Houses intended to have been built at the Public E^pence, and for a Variety of other Bufuief$ dope relative thereto and to Jeremy Bentham, Esquire, to enable him to make Preparations for the Custody and Cars of the Convicts proposed to be confined in the Penitentiary Houses: And also. An Account of Money issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revc-nues,to Thomas Evance, Esquire, as an Allowance to himself* and Thomas Brodie, Gentleman, for continuing and perfecting the Tndc# to the Journals of the House of Lords.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read*

The said Accounts are as followed); viz.

To Mr. Cliin-nery for Frertcli Proprietors of St. Domingo.

ToD° to discharge Fees on Escheats and Forfeitures in Nova Scotia,

Sc c.

To Mr. Pollock and Mr. Hufkiffon for BuGness arising out of the Alien's Act.

To the Representatives of Mr. Blackburn, and to Mr. Bentham; for BuGness done relative to Penitentiary Houses.

ToMr.Evanee for perfecting the Index to the Journals of the House oi Lords.

An ACCOUNT of the Money issued from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues for His Majesty's Service *«

Abroad, between the 5th Day of January 1794 and the 5th Day of January 1795.

- — __________________ - - - - 4 - - . ' - - - -1 1

To H.is Majesty's Secretaries of State, Forty-nine thousand Three hundred pud Thirty- five Pounds Eighteen Shillings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers* 18th February 1795.

Charles Long,

An

A. 1795.

23a

18° Februarii.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, Robert Banks Esquire, Sir William

Pepperell, Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, Members of the Committee for the Relief of the suffering Clergy, &c. of France, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Services, viz.

For the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Refugee Clergy of France £. 81,810 — — For the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Refugee Laity of France — 14,500 — —

To be paid to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of Marine, or in the Magistracy of France 100 — —

I. 98,410 ——

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 18th February 1795.

Charles Long.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to ‘Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of

His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Service:

For defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government — — £. 24,500 — —

Times when issued.

17th April 1794 23d July —

29th October aift January 1795

6,500

6.000

6.000

6.000

£. 24,500

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 18th February 1795,

Charles Long.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Service:

1794.

November 18th. To be by him paid over to certain French Proprietors of the Island of St. Domingo, to enable them to go there - £. 1,000 — —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof — 59 14 —

£. 1,059 14 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 18 th February 1795.

Charles Long.

An

35 Geo. III. t8 0 Februar233

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to William Chinn try, Esquire, at the Receipt of the fexchequer, but of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Service:

— £ *05 — —

1794.

t6th February. To enable him to discharge a Claim for Fees, made by Richard Bulkeley, Esquire, Commissioner of Escheats and Forfeitures in the Province of Nova for Inquisitions

held for bringing to Forfeiture Lands granted by the Crown, the Poflessors of which had not duly complied with the Terms and Conditions on which the said Lands had been granted to them — — —

To discharge a Certificate granted by Governor Parr, late deceased, to Francis Shipton, Clerk of the Court of Escheats, for his Attendance on the said Court in taking the above Inquisitions, &c. for the Forfeiture of Lands in the Province of Nova Scotia, for the Accommodation of sundry Persons who have taken Refuge there from the United States of America, between the 25th January 1782 and the 23d December 1784 ~

To discharge a Certificate, granted by Richard Bulkeley, Esquire, Commissioner of Escheats and Forfeitures in the Province of Nova Scotia, to Elizabeth Newton, WidovV of the late Philip Newton, Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Halifax,in the said Province, for the Year 1784, for Fees ~ on summoning Juries to determine the Forfeiture of Lands, the Poflessors

of which had not fulfilled the Terms and Conditions upon whiefi-they were granted ——

To discharge Certificates granted by John Parr, late Governor of the Province of Nova Scotia, deceased, to Sampson Salter Blowers, His Majesty's Attorney General for that Province, for Fees on Grants of Land, between the ift January 1785 and the 31st December 1789 — — — 204 10

100 — —

— 28 8 ii|

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof —

£ 437 19 1 30 17 —

£. 468 16 1

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 18th February 1795.

Charles.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to William Pollock and William Esquires, at the Receipt of

the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Services:

1794. 3d May. To William Pollock, Esquire, for an Allowance to a Superintendant appointed to attend

the Business arising out of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or " resident therein, in certain Cafes," from the 10th Day of January 1793 to the 5th Day of January 1794 — £. 486 6 — I

For Expences of Printing, in consequence of the above-mentioned Act, from the 5th Day of January 1793 to the 30th Day of April following — 258 4 7

----- ----- ----- ---£.74410 71

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof — — — — 58 15 — *

3 £.803 5 71

1795. 3d February.To William Hujkijfon, Esquire, for his Allowance for superintending the

Business arising out of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens " arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," from the 5th Day of January 1794 to and for the nth Day of July following, at the Rate of £.500 per Annum - . £. 257 14 71

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

thereof- - 28 6 —

----- ----- -- — £. 286 — 7

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 18th February 1795.

Voi.L.

£. 1,089 2

Charles Long*,

3 O

An

J. 1795.

154 r 18° Februarii.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to the Representatives of Blackburn and 'Jeremy Bent barn,

Esquires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following

Services:

*794* 7une 2t^. To the Representatives of William Bla, Esquire, as a Compensation for the Trouble , of the said William Blackburn, in making Designs for the Penitentiary Houses intended to have been built at the Public Expence, and for a Variety of other Business done relative thereto — £.756*8 5

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof — — — — 66 11 —

----- ----- ---- £.8 23 10 5

*794. June a 1 ft. To Jeremy Bentham, Esquire, to enable him to make Preparations for the Custody and Care of the Convicts proposed to be confined in the Penitentiary Houses - - 2,000 — —

£.2,823 10 5

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers/ 18th February 1795.

Charles Long,

-4.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Evance, Esquirej at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of

His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Service:

1794. September 30th. As an Allowance to himself, and Thomas Gentleman, for continuing and

perfecting the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords — — — — £. 800 — —

To D* to pay the Fees and Charges attending the £. s. d.

Receipt thereof — — — 6919 —

' ' m 869 19 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 18th February 1795.

Charles Long.

Account of Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Vo«ofC«dirf Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

rdered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Distributida of the Money granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of£. 2,500,000, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Bill for eft*. The Order of the Day being read, for the Second biiniing the Reading'of the Bill for establishing and apportioning th^lrtand* of* *he valued Rent of the Islands of Zetland, Part of the Zetland, tu. Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, and for regulating itc. deferred. tjjC ^ode of giving Notice when a Commissioner to-serve in Parliament for the said Stewartry is to be elected t

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Commute* of The Order of the Day being read, for the House

Jfcppiy. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty i

Ordered, That the Estimare of the Charge of de- Estimau*-, &«. fraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of r*ferred* Upper Canada, in America, from the ift of January to Upper Canada, the 31st of December *795, be referred so the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- Nova Scotia, fraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Neva Scotia, in Am trices,from the ift of January to

the 3 ift of December *795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- New Bruns-fraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of wick‘

New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1795 to the 24th of June 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- St. joh-Va fraying the Civil Establishment of the lstand of John, in America, from the ift of Jamary to the 31st of December 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

6 Ordered,

1

35 Geo. III.

18° — 190 Februarii.

*35

C*}>e Breton*.

Hewfound*

land.

Bahama

IfLndi.

Bermuda.

Dominica.

New South Woles.

Monty due to the Representative* of Mr. Oswald.

c(

To the Land-grave of Hesse Caflcl for Extra* binaries during the late War io America.

Paper reining to the Mist.

V.

IP.

D*.

Ordered, That the Eftirrrate of* the Charge of de. fraying the Civil Establishmenc of the Island of Breton, in America, from the 14th of June 1795 to the 24th of June 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of foundland, from the ift of April 1795 to the ill of April 1796, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Kftimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1795, referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Bermudas, or Somers Islands, from the 24th June 1795 to the 24th June 1796," be referred to the said Committee. Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, Island of Dominica, from the ift of January to the 31st December 1795," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of October 1794 to the 10th of 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies due to the Reprefetuatives of the late Richard Oswald, Esquire, as Contractor for supplying Bread and Waggons to the Allied Army in Germany, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand of Brttnswick, between September 1758 and March 1763, and as Commissary of Bread and Forage from the 19th of February 1759 to the 8th of June 1760, and as Superintendanc of English and Jfan Waggon Trains, from the ift of June 1762 to the ift of January 1763, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money due to the Landgrave of Hesse CaJJiel, for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in America, by the Troops

employed in His Majesty's Service, pursuant to the Treaty with his Serene Highness, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, 24th - her 1794 — Earl of Leicester — Balance due to him as late Matter and Worker of the Mint," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " The Account of the Earl of Leicester, Matter and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, within the Tower of London, of all Monies by him had and received out of His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, and elsewhere, for the Service of the said Mint, relating to this Account, from the ill Day of January to the 27th Day of July 1794, both inclusive; aish, of all Monies due to, and paid by, him, and Charges incurred, on the said Service and Account," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, 8th January 1795 — Edward Lucas and John Wyatt, Deputy " Warden and Comptroller of the Mint, on Earl of " Leicester's Accounts as late Matter and Worker of

the Mint," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " 14th January " 1795 — Matter of the Mint — transmitting his Account from 26th July to 31st 1794," be

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, The Account f« of Sir George Tonge, Baronet, Mailer and Worker " of His Majesty's Mint, within the Tower of - don, of all Monies by him had and received out of H is Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, and else- where, for the Service of the said Mint, on this Account, from the 28th Day of July to the 31st <l Day of December 1794; also, of all Monies by him paid, and Charges incurred, on the said Service and <c Account," be referred to the said Committee. Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " 17th

*795 — Officers of the Mint Report on the Accounts of Sir George Tonge, Mailer of the Mint, *c to 31st December 1794," be referred to the said Committee. v

Then the House resolved itself into the said'Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.*

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the Ht>use will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fr Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report of the Commissioners of Public Accounts, respecting the Monies dot to the Representatives of the late Richard Esquire.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hoiifej a Copy of the Report of the Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, respectirtg the'Monies due to the Lartd-gfave of Hejfe Cassel for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in America.

Reports r<?-specting Money due to the Reprefenra-tives of Mr. OfVald — and to the Landgrave of Hcflfe CaflcJ, order* cd.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole defer" House, to confidet further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

it

a

a

Jovis, 19® die Februarii 5

Anno 35* Georgii Regis, 1795.

9

Prayers.

MR. Bernard presented to the jHouse, according Aylefcury and to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, al-tefing, improving, and keeping in Repair, \the Road panted! from Aylesbury,through Princes Rifborough, to» West

Wycombe, and from thence to Red Barn, in the Parish of Great Marlow, all in the county of,

and also the Road from Princes Rifborough aforesaid to Thame, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Stanley, from the ScIect Committee Seaford Right Who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex?} and also, of the Petition of several Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the Town and Port of Seaford, In the County of Sussex, paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Pori, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said Town and Port in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and other Electors for the said

i$6 190 FebruariuA. 1795-

said Town and Port, respecting the Right of Election for the said Town and Port, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver in, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Eleftion for which they respectively. contended;

That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said first mentioned Petition delivered in a Statement as follows:

" That the Right of Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, is in the Bailiff, Jurats, and " Freemen of the said Town and Port, and in the Populacy, or, according to the Interpretation of the said Word *« Populacy" by the Resolution of the House on the 15th Day of December 1761, in the " Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the said Town and Port, paying Scotland Lot."

Thar, upon the said Statement, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Town and Port of Seaford.

That the Counsel for the said last mentioned Petition delivered in a Statement as follows:

" That the Right of Election for the Town and "Port of Seaford,according as the same was decided by the last Determination in the House of Com-*« mans on the 10th of February 1670-1, is " in the «« Populacy," or, according to the Interpretation of the Word «« Populacy" by the Resolution of the said House on the 15th of December 1761, " in the " Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the said Town and " Port, paying Scotland Lot," and in such Inhabitants Housekeepers

That, upon the said last mentioned Statement, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the said Town and Port of Seaford.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr.Frospitt'n A Petition of Thomas Mort , Esquire, Lord

Wo^^fnd* l^C Manor of Jljlley, and Owner and Occupier of

Piinin^on' considerable Estates and Lands through which the

Can*J Bill. Line of the intended Canal herein after mentioned is laid down, upon the Plan thereof, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to Enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of,

to make a Navigable Cut from his present Navigation, in the Township of Wo, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Township of near the

Town of Leigh, in the said County; and Setting .5 forth. That a Petition in Favour of the said Bill has been presented. to the House by the said Duke of Bridgewater, in which, amongst other Things, it is alledged, that the making and maintaining such Navigable Cut as aforesaid would be of great Benefit to all Persons residing, or having Estates, near the Line thereof; and, by reason of the said Allegation, and of the great Privileges and Advantages that wer« held out by the Agents of the said Duke of Bridgewater to t?.ife to the Petitioner, and his Estates, by reason of his having and using the said Navigable Cut, he was prevailed upon to give his Assent to the making of the fame; and that the Petitioner is advised that the said Bill recites the Two following Acts of Parliament, the One made and passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *« An Act to enable the Most Noble " Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a Navigable M Cut or Canal from a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near Mill and Middlewood,

" in the Manor of Worjley, and to or near a Place " called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lan-" caster," and the other in the Thirty-third Year of

the same Reign, intituled, "An Act to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from or near Worjley Mill,over the River Irwell, to the Town of

" chester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to or near Longford Bridge, in the Township of u Stretford, in the said County," and by a Reference to the said recited Acts gives generally to the said Duke of Bridgewater all the Powers and Authorities therein contained subject to the like Restrictions, and to the Controul of Commissioners named in the said First recited Act, but without affording to the Petitioner, as Owner and Occupier of Lands on the Line of the said proposed Canal, the Advantages held out> to him by the Agents of the said Duke, who solicited the Assent of the Petitioner, and which the Petition of the said Duke to the House most obviously and particularly offered as an Inducement to the House to grant an Act to enable him to make the said Cut; and that the Petitioner submits to the House that, agreeably to the Rules thereof, he ought to have had the said recited Acts, so referred to by the said Bill, presented to him as well as the said Bill, for his Perusal and Inspection, that he might have been apprized of the Contents and Operations thereof, whereas nothing more than the said Bill, in Blanks, has hitherto been shewn to him; and that, at the Time the said Bill was presented to the Petitioner, from his Inexperience in Schemes of this Nature, and from its Brevity, it appeared to him, and so he understood it to be, nothing more than the Outlines of an intended Bill, and conceiving that, by the Rules of the House, he was intitled to, and should have had, a perfect Copy of a Bill comprizing the Powers and Restrictions under which the said Cut was to be made, and proper Clauses for the Protection of Land Owners and Occupiers of Lands presented to him, previously to its being read a Second Time, the Petitioner declined perusing what he deemed to be a mete Sketch, under the Persuasion that a full Bill to enable the said Duke to cut the said Canal would, in due Time, be laid before him; and that, at the Time of the passing of the said recited Acts, Inland Navigations were in their Infancy, and their Effects on Landed Property little known, and the Petitioner submits, that, on referring to the said recited Acts, the same will be found very inadequate to the Protection of private Property, or to secure the Benefit held out to the Petitioner, and other Owners of Land, by the Petition of the said Duke, and the Petitioner is advised that, if the said Bill be suffered to pass into a Law, it will only afford certain Advantages and Privileges to the said Duke of Bridgewater, but not to the Public or to the Petitioner, and will be very injurious to the Petitioner and to his Estates: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill, so far as the same affects his Interests, and that the same may not pass into a Law in the Manner and Form proposed, or that he may have such other Relief in the Prc,mises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, ac the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition

Petition from Mamhtfter respecting iht War.

Poor Relief Bill p relented.

Report East India Judica-tvtt.

35 Geo. III. i $ Februarii.237

A. Petition of the thereunder-signed Inhabitants of- read the Report In his Place; and afterwards deli-the Town and Neighborhood of Manchester, was vered it in at the Clerk's Table, presented to th* House, and read; Setting forth, That The Hoofe was moved, That the Clause in the the Petitioners influenced by Sentiments of Loyalty said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons to the King, and unfeigned Attachment to the Con- who should appear to hold, or to have held, any of dilution, with its wife and wholesome Provisions, the Offices or Employments, therein specified, should made at the Time of the Glorious Resolution, con- be struck out of the said Report by the Order of the ceive irto be an iodispensable Duty, and*a Proof of House, might be read, the Sincerity of their Professions, to represent to the And the same being read accordingly;

House the Evils that have already been produced by The said Report tfas read; and is as followeth,

the War in which this Nation is unfortunately en- viz.

gaged, and the alarming Apprehensions which they The Right honourable Lord

entertain of Hill greater Calamities ensuing, if Mea- tuddocke Wyndham, Esquire, Sir John Frederick, Baronet,

sures be not speedily taken for averting the same from James Adams, Esquire, William Baker, Esquire,

this Country: That, whatever Differences of Opinion Hiley , Esquire, William Holbech, Esquire,

might have existed at the Commencement of the Robert Esquire, Michael Hicks Beach, Esquire;

War as to its Justice or Policy, all Descriptions of Charles Dundas, Esquire, Sir William Toung, Baronet,

Men. mud now agree, that its Progress has been ac- John Gaily Knight, Esquire, William Esquirq,

companied by a Series of most disastrous Events; that Sir George Baronet, the Honourable John

the Manufactures and Commerce of the Country Eliot, Francis Glanville, Esquire, the Honourable have been greatly; reduced in Consequence of it; the Thomas Grenville, Sir Watkin Williams Wynne, Baronet,

Property of many Subjects of this Realm much, in- Sir Henry Vane Temp eft. Baronet, Sir John Rous, Ba-jured, and the Blood of a Multitude of others Ihed; ronet, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Sir Pulteney,

that the Public Treasure has been expended; the Baronet, Esquire, Sir John Wodehouse,

Publ ic Debt increased; and that, in Proportion as Baronet, Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Richard Benyon, the Resources of the Nation are impaired, the Demands Esquire, Charles Bragge, Esquire, Charles Torke, Ef-on the People are multiplied, while our Allies view quire, Robert Smith, Esquire, James Wation, Esquire; the rapid Progress and continued Successes of the James Hamlyn, Esquire, Matthew Montagu, Esquire,

Enemy with apparent Indifference, or make feeble Thomas Powys, Esquire, Thomas Wallace, Esquire;

Efforts to refill them, little proportioned to the Mag- Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, Henry Duncombe, Esquire; nitude of the impending Danger, or to the extraor- Bamber Gajcoyne, Esquire, Francis Gregor, Esquire, Sir dinary Subsidies paid them by this Country: That,' William Dolben, Baronet, James Gordon, Esquire. under the present Circumstances, the Petitioners have

nothing to hope from she Continuance of the War; Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed Committee but their Fears are justly excited left it should ul- to take the Residue of the Evidence which may be timately involve this Country in irretrievable Ruin: thought proper to be adduced in Support of the Bill d*en*ein Sup"-And therefore praying, Thatthc Housewill ufethemost for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South portofEau effectual Means for restoring the Blessings of Peace to Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called K7ng'*Lyna this Nation; and the Petitioners beg Leave at the Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining; or near Drainage Bill same Time, to allure the House, that if it should ap- to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or pear, contrary to the Hopes of the Petitioners, that near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, jowimfnt. Motives of Ambition, or implacable Revenge, on the draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of Part of the Enemy, render it impossible to procure a King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and Termination of Hostilities, the Petitioners will con- improving the Navigation of the said River tribute most cheerfully and zealously, in common with from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish aH their Fellow Subjects, towards a necessary Defence of Wiggenlgall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the of the dearest Interests, and the Independence of their said Harbour of King's and for improving and

Country. preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers, com-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the municating with the said River and to report ths

Table. fame, from Time to Time, to the House, have Leave!

to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment, of the!

Sir William Toung presented to the House, accord- House. ing to Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act,

made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George A Petition of the Merchants, Trader^, arid other potion from the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws Inhabitants of the Town of whose Names Merchant*.

ft relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Re- are thereto, subscribed, was presented to the House,

* lief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occa- and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, im- the War. fional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, pressed with Sentiments of the most Unalterable Af-undercertain Circumstances and in certain Cafes: And section for His Majesty's Royal Person and Family, the same was received; and read the First Time. and earnestly solicitous for the Preservation of the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second. Time. Constitution of these Realms, beg Leave to express to

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. the House the Anxiety they feel from the present State

of this Kingdom and its Commerce in cohlequence of

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the the War: That the Petitioners cannot but deeply re-Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the gret that any particular Form of Government which several Lifts, which had been delivered in ac the may subsist in France should be considered as an in-Table, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made superable Bar to a Negotiation for Peace on Terms of in the Twemy-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Honour and Advantage to this Country: And there- Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of fore requesting, That the House will be pleased to Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The adopt such Measures as they may think proper for rc-East Indies, and for other Purposes therein men- storing to these Kingdoms the Blessings of Peace, tioned; that the Committee had examined {he Lifts A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, pfl;tion from accordingly, and had directed him to report to the Free Burgesses, and othet Inhabitants of the Borough Gentlemen, Housethe Name of every Member, whose Name ap- of Liverpool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, peared in Twenty pt more of the said Lifts j and he was also presented to the House, and read; Setting the Wv!

VOfc. L. - 3 P forth.

Petition from certain Freemen of Carlisle complaining that their Names had been subscribed to a Petition without their Consent.

Former Petition from Freemen of Capline referred to a Committee to examine the Signatures.

238 19° Febr 1795.

forth. That the Petitioners, at a Time like the prefect, when certain Persons have preferred Petitions to the House, praying for the speedy Restoration of the Blessings of Peace, feel themselves called upon to declare, that, although they are equally anxious for so desirable an Event, if to be obtained upon safe and honourable Terms, yer they cannot but Conceive such Petitions as having a Tendency to impede the Opera-, tions of the Executive Power, and to palsy its Energy, thereby giving Encouragement to the Common Enemy, and protradHng the Attainment of the very Ob-je£t they profess to advabcc; And, with those Sentiments, the Petitioners pray, That this House, to whom, in Conjunction with the other Two Branches of the Legislature, the Petitioners look up with the firmed: Confidence, will be pleased to adopt such vigorous and decisive Measures as in their joint Wisdom shall be best calculated to secure to these Kingdoms the inestimable Bldfings of an excellent Constitution, and to continue to them that Independence and external Respect, which are essentially necessary to the Protection of our Trade and Commerce, and this House having, by a solemn Vote, coincided with the Desire uniformly manifested by His Majesty, to effcCl a Pacification on just and honourable Grounds, with any Government in France, under whatever Form, which dhall appear capable' of maintaining the accustomed Relatives of Peace and Amity with other Countries, the Petitioners humbly beg Leave to express their Determination firm and steadily to support His Majesty in the Prosecution of the present just and necessary War, until the Arrival of that happy Period, as affording the only reasonable Expectation of permanent Security and Peace to this Country.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of certain Freemen of the City of lijle, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, understanding that their Names are subscribed to a Petition for Peace, lately presented to the House, intituled, " A Petition from " the Freemen of the City of ," conscious that they neither signed the said Petition themselves, nor authorized any other Persons to sign it, and indignant at so gross an Imposition, most earnestly entreat the House either to cause their Names to be expunged from the said Petition, or order the Petition to be withdrawn, as to ' the House shall seem most meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Freemen of the City of Carlisle, which was presented to the House upon the 22d Day of January last, and then ordered to lie ppon the Table, be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Signatures to the said Petition, so far as relates to the Names of the Persons who have signed the Petition now. presenttd to the House, and reporc the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn:

And the said Petition was referred to Lord Viscount Morpeth, Mr. Curwen, Mr. , Mr.' Sir

Henry Fletcher, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. , Mr. Sumner,

Mr. Martin: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of certain Freemen of the City of Carlisle, which was this Day presented to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

v I

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Pay- to be matter General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th printed, of December 1793 to the 24th of December 1794, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary Dundat His Majesty's Command,

Copy of His Majesty's _

a General Embargo on all British Ships and Vessels in the Ports of this Kingdom, for the better Manning His Majesty's Fleets, dated 18th February 1795.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the keportsuppiy. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-i ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; apd are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it js the Opinion of this Committee, Upperdanad*. That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand One hundred and Seventy-five Pounds, be (granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil IJstablish-ment of the Province of Upper Canada, in,

from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, NoraScoti*. That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Four hundred and Fifteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1 ft Day of January to the 31st Day of December *7 95-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, NewBrunr-That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hun- wick* dred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1795 to the 24th Day of June 1796-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, St.John's That a Sum, not etceeding One thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Iflarrd of Saint John, in America, from the ift Day.of January to the 31st Day of December 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cape Breton. That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Istand of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1795 to the 24th Day of June 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Newfound-That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two land* hundred Thirty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of thellland of Newjoundland, from the ift Day of April 1795 to the ill Day of April 1796,

o Resolved,

presented to the House, by Order inCoun-

cil for laying a

OrdeTin Council for laying bareoonShJu*

Bahama 1 (lands*

Bermuda 1 (lands*

Doxnjmca*

New South Wales.

Extraordinary Fx pence of the Mint.

D°.

Committee on

re-committed Bill for railing Men for the Nary.

reported.

Bill for requiring Owners of Ships to furnish Men for the Nary* prtfented.

35 Geo. III.

190 Febru

239

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand and Fifty Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama I (lands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the 1 ft Day of January to the 31st Day of December

*795* .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee:, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charjge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the muda, or Somers Idands, from the 24th Day of June 1795 to the 24th Day of June 1796.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Island of -

ca,from the 1 ft Day of Jan to the 3.1st Day of December 17 95.

Resolved, That it is thfc Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Two. hundred and Forty-one Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1794 to the 10th Day of October 179 j.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Six hundred Eighty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expence of His Majesty's Mint, from the ift Day of January to the 27th Day of July 1794, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Three hundred Eighty-six Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expence of His Majesty's Mint, from the 28th. Day of July to the 31st Day of December 1794.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the ftvcral Counties ih Great Britain, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That they had made fevrral other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Arden accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be fuftkient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for requiring the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to Great Britain to furniffi a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr; Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will* To-tnerrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

The House being informed, that Mr. Fisher,from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Monty which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have r.o: been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Fisher also, from thfc Exchequer, prefetited to the H>.use, pursuant to their Ordersj

An Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £.3. 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1794, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in thfc Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government j and for making Compenfaiiou to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Ccffion of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Per fans who furmffied Provffions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the ,5th Day of April 1795, together with the Sum of £.6. 5 j. per Centum of the Principal

Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the toth Day of October 1795, after the same Rate of J. 3.- tas.per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with J. 6. 5 s. of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respe&fvely; in which Account the Amount tf the Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Esquire,

and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Expence of sundry Articles sent to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esqtiire, for the Expence of

maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also;

An

Accoun fs presented-.

Money' 1 flue purfutn* to AddrefTcs

Slims wanting for P»>merit of Interest,

on Order* for Relief to A roe — rican and Exit Florida Sufferer*.

Money issued for carry i ng onf the Pro fee trt ion against Mr. Huttings.

Expence of Articles feirt to New South Wales.

'so Mr. Brad* Icy for main* taming Con* vi&s at Lang-ftoneandPortf* mouth, &c.

To Mr. Cl mp beJl for main* timing Con-▼iftf on the Thames.

I40

An Account oF the Monies paid to Duncan Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which haye not been made good by Parliament*

A. 1795.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. The said Accounts are as followed* j viz.

190 Februariu

To the Honourable the Knights* Citizens, and fiurgefles, in Parliament assembled.

An Act COUNT of all Sums of Money which have beth' issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addrefies of the House of Commons, and which have hot been made good by Parliament.

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be by him applied to the Payment of Pensions to such - PeHbnx who have been Sufferers during the late unhappy Dissentions in America —

To him more, to pay Bills drawn by Senhouse Esquire, for Materials for rebuilding the Pier and Light House at Douglas , in the Isle of Mann —

To John Hdtjell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing the Journals of the House of Commons ——

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons — — —

To John Nichols, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing and delivering the Vote* of the House of Commons ——

To George Browne, Esquire, for Expences attending the Surveys of intended Military Roads in Inverness Shire - - —

To John Ley, Esquire, in Con Adoration of his' long and meritorious Services, as Clerk Act ft ant to the House of Commons ——

To John Graves, Junior, towards making the 'Approach to both Houses of Parliament more commodious - - —

To Thomas Madge, Gentleman, as a Reward for his Pains and Labour in an Invention for the better Construction of Time Keepers ——

To John Caley, Gentleman, et al. fdr the Removal of Records, &c. from the Augmentation Office to the Five Rooms over the King's Bench Treasury, &c. —

To Francis Ingram, Esquire, Deputy Remembrancer of the Exchequer, for the Expence of removing Records belonging to that Office to another Part of the Building — -

to Henry Partridge, Esquire, et al. Contitiissioners appointed for enquiring into the Administration of Civil and Criminal Justice in the Isle of strfey — —

To John Spranger, et al. Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the IBootMasm - — —

d.

24,000 — — 2,560 r 5 i*8oo — ->814 13 3 921 11 —

593 4 5,814 ——

326 11 3

2,500 —

215 11 1

257 6 5

3,685 4 6

3,160 18 6

47,649 i 5

Exchequer, the 19th Day of February 1795.

James Ftfhir,

To

o

V

To che Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and BurgelTes, m Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3. 101. for Six Months, of the Principal Sum

unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1794, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in the 28th and 30th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in in Consequence of their

Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compenfarions to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cefiion of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1795, together with the Sum of £.6. 5 s.per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest, which-will become due on the

10th Day of October after the same Rate of £.3. 10 s.per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 6. 5 of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of the Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame.

o

ca

r — h

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

o

0

AMERICAN CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3. 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unfatisBed, after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1794, on the several Orders made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1795, together with £. 6. 5 s. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order ——

D*, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1795 - —

EAST FLORIDA CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unfatisBed, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on the 5th April 1795, together with £.6. 5 s.per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order — D°, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 179,5 ——

AMERICAN CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3. 10 s. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unfatisBed, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 30th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the 5th April 1795, together with £. 6. 5 s. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order - —

D®, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1795 — — > — —

EAST FLORIDA CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of £. 3. 10 s. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unfatisBed, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act of the 36th Year of His present Majesty's-Reign, on the 5th April 1795, together with £. 6. 5 s. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained m each Order — D°, which will become due on the 10th Day of Octo 1795 — — . — —

Exchequer, the 19th Day of February 1795.

Principal to be paid off. Interest. Total.

£. s. £ s.. d. £. s.- d.

88,340 12 6 6,183 16 10 f 94,524 9 417

88,340 12 6 4.637 17 7 92,978 10 1

8,031 5 — 562 3 9 8,593 8 9 7

8,031 5 — 421 12 9 i 8,452 17 9 f

22,943 *5 — 3,212 2 6 26,155 *7 6 7

22,943 *5- — 2,8lO 12 2f 25,754 7- 2H

1,406 5 — 196 17 6 1,603 2 61 7

1,406 5 — . *72 5 31 1,578 10 5

4

TOTALS.

£. s. d. 187,502. 19 6 £

17,046 6 6 £

51,910 4 8

3,181 12 9f

259»64i 3 7

Jams Fifitn

35 Geo. III. 19 0 Februa241

Ip® Februarii,

242

A. 1795.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred iri carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament*

To Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet* Deputy Great Chamberlain of , for the Expence of Door Keepers, and others, employed at Hall during the Trial of Warren

Hastings, Esquire - —

To MdTrs. Eyre and Strabart, for printing Copies of the Evidence taken at the said

To William Chinnery, Esquire, to be by him paid to Mr* Whitt, Clerk to the Committee of Managers, as a Remuneration to him for his Services, and for other Disbursements — — *. — — £ —

£. s. d.

2,000 —

1,887 10 "*

906 i6

I-

4,794 6 6

Exchequer, the 19th Day of February 1794.

James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Expence of fundrv Articles sent to the Settlement in New South , and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Expence of sundry Articles sent to the Settlement in New South , and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Six thousand Nine hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten Pence.

Exchequer, the 19th Day of February 1795.

James.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to James Esquire, for the Expence of

maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The. Monies which have been issued to James , Esquire, for the Expence of

maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Fifteen thousand Four hundred and Forty Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence Half-penny.

Exchequer, the 19th Day of February 1795.

James Fisher.

To

feitington Inclosure and Church Bill presented.

Bigamy Bill prclenteda

Banwel) Inclosurc Bill presented.

Bodmin Debt t>rs Petition.

35 Geo. Ill 19° — 10° Februarii. 443

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, m Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Eleven thousand Four hundred Sixty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

Exchequer, the 19th Day of February 1795.

James

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of thcHouse.

Ordered, That the said Peticioti do lie upon the . Table.

Sir John Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ppcn and Common Fields within the Hamlets of Upper Eatington and Falready, in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in the County of Warwick; and for taking down and re-building the Church of the said Parish: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° di

Anno 35° Georgii III*H Regis, 1795. Prayers.

MR. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inflicting a greater Punishment on Persons who shall be convicted of the Crime of Bigamy: And the same was received } and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Hippijley Coxe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor of in the County of Somerset: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Prisoners now confined at Bodmin, in the Sheriff of Cornwall's Gaol, for Debt, was presented to the House, and read $ Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Aston Abbot# Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable inclosure Bill Lands, within the Parish of Aston Abbots, in the County coni,mlud* of Buckingham, and for exonerating the fame, and certain ancient Inclosures, Orchards, and Homesteads, within the said Parish, from the Payment of Tythes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Young, Mr. James Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's*

Chamber.

Sir Edward Knatchbull pr-fen ted to the House, ac- wrotham cording to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and Ht»;h and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for presented. repairing tl^p Road from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of Maidstone, in the said County, and for making a Road from the said Road between-Wrotham and Maidstone, into the present Turnpike Road leading from Mereworth to Hadlow, in the said County: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Keighley and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts, for repairing BradfordRoad several Roads in the West Riding of the County of £"con,nMt* York, so far as relates to the Road from Keighley to Bradford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and wornditeh Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and inclosure Bill Commonable Places of Wornditch, in the Parish of comm,tt*,i* Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl Ludlow, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

1 A Bill

Great Cat-worth Inclosure Bill com* milted.

Datchet and IHeworth Ca nal Bill pre-femed.

Finlbury Square rating* Arc. Petition reported.

Ropeflev and Humby Inclosure Bill presenteil.

a44 10° Februarii. 179^.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Great worth, in the Counties of Huntingdon and was read A Second Time.

' Resolved', That the Bill be committed to the Earl

Ludlow, Lord Viscount Hinch, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Swjobn Call presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames called or known by the Name of Hog , in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of worth,in the County of Midd And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair,

Square, in the Parish of Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and

*f certain other Streets and Places communicating " with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing " or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the " fame;" and several other Owners, or Inhabitants of Housesin the said Square, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Commictee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read , and is as followeth-; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Timothy Tyrrell, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but it is found that the Money thereby authorized to be raised is insufficient to answer the Purposes thereof. — He further said, That in order effectually to enable the said Tri^ftees to fulfil the Intentions of the said Act, it will be necessary that Power should be given to raise a further Sum of Money, and to make a small Increase in the Rates or Assessments. — And he added, That the said Act hath been in some other Respects found defective, and requires Explanation and Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made and passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving,

" lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing,

" and keeping in Repair, Finsbury Square, in the Pa- rish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other " Streets and Places communicating with, or near to,

" the said Square, and for preventing or removing " Nuisances and Annoyances within the same:" And that Mr. Alderman Anderson, Sir Watkin Lewes, and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, accord-

ing to Ur !er, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heaths,

Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of and in the Li-

berties or Townships of Great Hum by and Little Humby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee; to whom the Petition of the several Persons thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants of the Townships of Burnley, Habergbam, Eaves, Haston, Dunnfookjhaw- Booth, Higher Booths, Lower Booths, Coujs, Lynch, Newball Hey, and Hall Carr, and Tottington Higher End, within the Parishes of and

Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the said Townships, was referred; That the Committee had examinee^, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the ("aid Petition, and had direCbed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Shaw being examined, said, That the Road leading from the said Town of Burnley, into the Turnpike Road from Blackburne, through to Bury,

in the said County, is very much but of Repair, narrow, and incommodious; and that it would be of Public Convenience to have the same properly amended, widened, diverted, and kept in Repair, but which cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bury to Hajlingden, at or near Eder,field Chapel, in the

Township of Tot tington Higher End, in the same County: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley doi prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported fVom the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Merchants, Woollen Clothiers, and other Manufacturers, and Residents within the several Counties of Took, Lancaster, and Chester, or some of them, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the- said Petition, Mr. John Booth being examined, said, That the Petitioners sustain very great Inconvenience and Loss in carrying on their Trade, for the Want of a proper and commodious Road from Mump's Brook, within Oldham, in the County of Lancaster, to in the West

Riding of the County of York; and for want of a Road from or near Denjhaw, through Linfits and to, or near to, Brownbill,all in in the salt!

County of York; and likewise for want of another Road from or near Grains, in Saddleworth aforesaid, to Delph, to communicate between the Towns of and Halijax, and the very populous and manufacturing

Country in and near Saddleworth, and the Towns and Places adjacent thereto; — but that such Roads cannot be made and'repaired by the Laws now in being.

Ordered,

Burnley and Bury Road Petition ported*

MumpV Brook, Saddle-worth, &c. Roads Petition reported.

Order in Council relative to the Exportation a.ul Im j»oiration or Wheat, &c; pteienud.

Bill for efta-

bliihm^ the valued Kent uj

the llitruis of Ectlaiivt, *.Vc» £t:. ilwicjicJ*

35 Geo. III.

jo" Februarii.

*45

Ordered, That Lrave be given to bring in a Bill for

making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Mump's Brook, within Oldham, in the County Palatine of LancaUcr, to Ripponden, in the West Riding of the County of York, and a Branch therefrom, ac or near Denfhaw, to, or near to, Brownhill, and another Branch therefrom, at or near Grains, to Delphy all within Sad-dleworthy in the said Riding: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blaikburne do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, by His Account of Majesty's Command, -

An Account of Money issued, at the Receipt of the for forming an Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, E(Uhli(hmei"t to James Willis, Esquire, to be applied with a View ftntdd?'*pre*

to the forming an Establishment in Africa, for the Purpose of opening a Commercial Intercourse with the Interior Parts of Africa.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Acccount is as followed! $ viz.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to James Willis, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Services:

»794- .

September 27th. To be applied with a View to the forming an Establishment in for the Purpose of

opening a Commercial Intercourse with the interior Parts of that Continent - f. 3,862 10 8

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof — - 206 11 4

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 20th February 1795.

£ 4,069 2 —

Charles Long.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council rclarive to the Exportation and Importation of Wheat, and other Grain, &c. dated 13th February 1795.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for establilliing and apportioning the valued Rent of the Islands of Zetland, Parc of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, and for regulating

the Mode of giving Notice when a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said Stewartry is to be elected j

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Fortnight, the 9th Day of March next.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- of

suant to their Order, Did ribution of

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of VI°f*n[edr,:<1,t* £ 2,500,000 granted to His Majesty, to enable His pi Majesty to fulfil the Engagements which have been entered into with the King of Prussia, as well as to defray any Extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1794, paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of Flis Majesty's Forces.

And the Title of the said Account was read*

The said Account i& as followeth j viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of ,£.2,506,000 granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to fulfil the Engagements which have been entered into with the King of Prussia, as well as to defray any Extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1794, paid by the Right honourable the Paym^fler General of His Majesty's Forces.

Dates of Warrants.

1794- '

June 4th.

1 jtb* 28 th.

July 22d.

August 13th. September 24th. Offoicr4-th.

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Value of Silver delivered by them to Messrs. Harman, and -

man,to be remitted to Berlin, on Account of Subsidy and other Charges of Prussians ——

To Messrs. Harman, Hoare, and H, to be remitted to D*, oh

Account of D* - - —

To D°, for D° Service — — —

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of for the

Value of Silver delivered to Messrs. , Hoare, and Harman,

for.D® Service - *

To Messrs. Hctrpian, Hoare, and Harman, to be remitted to Berlin, for D® Service — . ——

To D°, for D° Service — — —

To D®, for D° Service — ~ — — —

To D°> for D* Service ——

Vol. L.

3 R

600.000 —

100.000 — —

100.000 — —

120,000 -- —

100,000 ——

106,495 — —

50.000 — —

50.000 — — »

24 6

Dates of Warrants.

1794. February 8th.

March 6th. 1 ith.

June 13 th.

July 2d. 2 ad.

August 9th. September aoth.

2d.

20° Februarii,

To Baron De AlvenJIeben, for Recruiting Services, Charges of the Hospital, and Expences of Artillery, &c. of a Corps of Hanoverian Troops, from 22d OStaler to 22d December

17 93 ——

To the Landgrave of Hejfe for Subsidy of

Hessian Troops, to 31st December 1793 —

To Baron De Alvenjleben, to complete the Pay and Allowances of the Hanoverian Troops, to 31 It December 1793 ——

To the Margrave of Baden, for Levy Money for 667 Foot Soldiers, taken into the Pay of Great Britain ——

To D4, for Three Months Subsidy, to the 21st of December 1793 — — —

To the Landgrave otHeJfe for the Expences

of equipping Two Brigades of Artillery, taken into the Service of Great Britain — —

To D°, for so much short paid for Subsidy, to 31st

December 1793 ——

To D°, for Levy Money for Two Brigades of Artillery ——

To D^jbr Compensation of 101 Horses, which died on their Passage from OJlend to the Isle of Wight To D°, for Subsidy for Two Brigades of Artillery, to 30th June 1794 — — —

T0 D®, for D° for D° Brigades, to 30th September

9,200 — 9

14,859 4 n

I7>967 3

4,814 18 1

1,276 5 6

24,062 10 — 122 2 6 3,862 — 7 L537 4 —

4,414 11 4

1794 — — — — 4,018 4 11

To D°, in Part of a Warrant of this Date for

£ 100,000, on Account of Pay of his Troops — - 56,599 3 11

January 14th.

March 4 th.

May iff. June 2d. July a 2d.

0 Siober 16th.

November 26th.

Dates of Secretary at War's Letter,.

— — — 8,605 12 —

To Messrs. Ross and Ogilvie, Army Agents, to pay Bills drawn on them on Account of the Charges and Expences of the Corps of Loyal French Emigrants, under the Command of Le Compte de le Chatre To D°, for Subsistence of Loyal French Emigrants, to 23d February 1794 — — —

To D®, for Subsistence of D®, to 24th April 1794 To D®, for Subsistence of D°, to 24th June 1794 To D®, for Subsistence of D®, to 24th August 1794

To the Right honourable Fho' Harley, for Cloathing

for D® Corps

To Messrs.' Ross and Ogilvie, for Subsistence of D°

Corps, to 24th October 1794 To D°, for Subsistence of D®, to 24th December 1794 —

2,430

2,809

3.056

2*755

6 10

12

— 2,633 6 6

— 1,919 19

2,048 3 2

August 18th.

29th.

Oflr 9th and 15th. December 9th.

23d.

Dates of Warrants.

To Robert Lukin, Esquire, Agent to the Corps of Subjects of France, on Account of Subsistence, and other Expences of the said Corps — —

To D®, for D® Service — —

To D®, for D° Service — —

To D°, for D° Service — —

11,400 ——

15.000 — —

22,500 ——

12.000 — —

To Mr. De Charmilly, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of Two Corps of Subjects of France, for Service in St. Domingo —

March7th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Brook Esquire, Superin-

tendant and Director of Forage, Provisions, and Extraordinaries of the Army on the Continent, for Public Services, in Part of a Warrant of this Date for £. 375,744.

4 * 4 d» 1 "" I45*235 1 1

April 15th. ToD° drawn by D°, for D° Services — 132,220 — —

May 21ft. To D® drawn by D®, for D® Services — — 214,926 — 1

August 2d. To D® drawn by D®, for D® Services — — 31 o,557 — -r-

Janv.ary8th. To Henry Delamain and Son, for Wipe shipped by them for the Use of the Hospitals on the Continent — — 1,320 19 7

A. 1795.

142*733 7 9

26,258 — 2

60,900 — — 6,000 — —

802,938 — I

To

Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

P.ites of Warrants.

247

1794.

March 5th.

"June 4th v

August nth. 22(3.

September ift. October 8th.

27th.

November 14th. October 27th.

November 14th.

17th,

December 17th.

March 17th. October 14th.

To Tho' Gordon, Esquire, for aoo Pipes of Madeira Wine, shipped for the Forces under Sir C. Grey — To Meffts. Cheap and Loug for 200 Pipes of D°, shipped for D° Forces — —

To Mr. J. Pajley, fur 218 Pipes of Vidonia Wine, shipped for the Use of the Forces in the

To MefTrs. Cologan, Pollardand Cooper, for 225 Pipes of D4 Wine, shipped for the Use of D4 F01 ccs ——

To D°, for 143 Pipes of D4 Wine, fnipped for the Use of D° Forces — — —

To MefTrs. J. Pajley, for 122 Pipes of Tenerife Wine, shipped for the Use of D4 Forces — To D°, for 80 Pipes of D* Wine, shipped for the Use of D* Forces — — —

To MefTrs. Cologan, Pollard, and Cooper, for 75 Pipes of Vtdonia Wine, consigned to Sir Grey, Commander in Chief in the West Indies — —

To D4, f)i* 134 Pipes of D4, consigned to D4 — To Mr. J.Pajley, for Commission and Brokerage on Wine sent from <TeneriJfe to the Wesi Indies — To D°, for 152 Pipes of Wine, consigned

to Sir C. Grey, Commander in Chief in the Indies — — —

to the West Indies — —

To MefTrs. G. Bailie and C4, for Freight of V'td Wine from 2 "eneriffeto the West Indies To MefTrs. Munro and Brown, for D° Service To MefTrs. Cologan, Pollard, and Cooper, for 70 Pipes of Henerijfe Wine, consigned to Sir C. Grey 'Commander in Chief in the West Indies —

on Board the Betjey — — —

To cTho‘ Pinkerton, for 3,717 Gallons of D4, delivered into the Ordnance Stores at Dover Castle

: 5,604 11 —

5,604 11 —

t 2,514 5 10

i 2,583 2 8

1,647 4 4 "

1,408 *9 6

926 18 —

1,32* 10 __

*>675 3 —

38 5 —

1 2>359 — 6

: 38 I 5 —

1*255 3 —

345 1 11

' 857 8 8

of Rum, shipped 562 1 1 1,630 14 9

11 —

February 14th. To MefTrs, Jordaine and Shaw, for 407 Barrels of Pork, delivered into the Army Victualling Stores — — 1,432 19 4

March 6th. To D4, for 171 Barrels of D4, delivered into D4

Stores — — — — 603 1 —

31st. To MefTrs. Jordaine and Shaw, and C4,

and Jn° Atkins, in Part Payment for 4.633 Barrels, and 602 Haif Barrels of Beef, and 295 Barrels of Irish Pork, delivered into D° Stores — 20,004 May 20th. To D4, in Part Payment for 750 Barrels of Irish Beef, and 3,798 Barrels of Irish Pork, delivered at Cowes ——

29th. To D°, in Part Payment for 941 Barrels of Irish Beef, 6,107 Barrels, and 500 Half Barrels of Irish Perk, delivered into the Army Victualling Stores ——

July 14th. To D4, in Part Payment for 14 Barrels of Irish Beef,

5,411 Barrels, and 1,150 Half Barrels of Irish Pork, delivered into D4 Stores — — 20,004 11 --

To D4, in Part Payment for 1,216 Hogsheads, and 703 Bairds of Irish Beef, and 1,084 Tierces,

4,787 Barrels, and 5,052 Half Barrels of Irish Pork, delivered into D4 Stores — — 38,004 II —

— 15,004 11

— 26,004 11 —

24th.

February 14th. To MefTrs. //. and J, Whit tingfor 1,000 Barrels of Flour, deli-

May r 2th. 20th. July 1II. February 14th.

vered into the Army Victualling Stores — 2,434 11

To D4, for 1,oco Barrels of D4, delivered into D4 — 2,509 11

To D°, for 750 Barrels of D4, delivered into D4 — 1,883 6

To B°, for 1,167 Barrels of D°, delivered into D° — 2,927 17

To AbrchamDe Horne, for 217 Barrels of D % delivered into D° — - — 452 2

To D", fir 1,780 Barrels of D4, delivered into D° — 4,129 n

29,500 x8 1

2,192 15 10

121,058 15 4

To

248 20° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

1794. February 14th.

May 12th. February 14th.

April 5 th. May 20th. June 4th. July 1 ft. March 6th.

May 20th.

July 22d.

September 18 th.

May 12th.

June 14th. February 14th.

25th.

March 31st. March 5th. April 30th. May 12th. June 4th.

To Abraham Be Horne, for 3,618 Barrels of Flour, delivered into the Army Victualling Stores To D°, for 1,000 Barrels of D°, delivered into D° — To Messrs. G. Hankin and Son, for 1,250 Barrels of D°, delivered into D° — , — —

To D°, for 850 Barrels of D°, delivered into D° — To D % for 1,000 Barrels of D°, delivered into D° — To D°, for 1,054 Barrels of D°, delivered into D° — To D°, for 430 Barrels of D°, delivered into D° — To Christopher Dunkin, for 366 Puncheons and 2,153 Calks of Pease, delivered into D° — —

To D°, for 1,625 Barrels of D°, delivered into D° — To D°, for 80 Barrels of D % delivered into DQ — To D°, for 4,667 Calks of D°, shipped on Board sundry Vessels, for the Use of the Forces —

To D°, for 728 Quarters and 6 Bushels of D°, delivered into the Army Victualling Stores To Jn° Dunkin, Junior, for 833 Barrels of Flour,

delivered into D* — — —

To D*, for 1,667 Barrels of D°, delivered into D° — To Tho* Walters, for 194 Barrels of Oatmeal, delivered into D° — — —

To Claude Scott, Esquire, for 3,000 Sacks of Flour, shipped for the Expedition under the Earl, of Moira ——

To D°, for Oats shipped for the Cavalry on D° Expedition ——

To R. H.Clarke, for 416 Barrels of Flour, delivered

into the Army Victualling Stores — —

To Jn° Neill, for 284 Barrels of Oatmeal, delivered into D° ——

To J.Pomroy, for 533 Barrels of D°, delivered into

D* ——

To Mr. Jn° Tunno, for 283 Barrels of Rice, shipped for the Use of Forces at Quebec and Halifax — To Mr. Wm Palgrave, in Part of a Warrant for £.1,394. iu. for 500 Barrels of Flour, delivered into the Army Victualling Stores —

9,067 12 9

2.509 11 —

3,042 1 —

2,133 16 —

2.509 11 —

2,644 16 4

1,081 14 —

5*230 6 3

2,945 13 1

137 *3 6

8,164 6 10

1,881 7 6

2,091 4 3

4,180 7 8

513 16 —

6,220 19 11 8,393 >4" 1,034 3 " 643 11 —

1,243 *5 6

1,266 2 9

649 19 7

A. 1795.

81,923 2 9

2,500,000 ——

War Office,

February 1795.

IV. Windham.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Memorials

The House being informed, that Mr. Owen, from

!nTi!c°iviit in t^1e ^*rc&wrs of the EIndia Company, attended at a'lci^ndented* t^ie D°or» he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanc to their Order,

N° 1. Copy of Memorial from the Officers stationed at the Presidency of Fort dated 23d March

1793: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Memorial of the Officers stationed at Futtyghur, dated 10th February 1793: And also,

N° 3. Copy of Memorial from the Officers stationed at Chunargburr :And also,

N° 4. Copy of Memorial from the Officers at -pore, dated nth February 1793: And also,

N° 5. Copy of Memorial from the Officers at Di-nap ore, dated 6th March 1793: And also,

N° 6. Copy of Memorial of the Officers stationed at Berhatnpcre, dated 26th February 1793: And allb,

N° 7. Copy of Memorial from the Officers of Artillery of the Bengal Establishment, dated 22d March 1793: And allb.

N° 8. Copy of Memorial from the Officers on the Fort Saint George Establiffiment, dated 22d July 1794:

And also,

N° 9. Copy of Memorial from the Officers on the Bombay Establishment, dated 10th September 1794.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Electors of the Petition from ancient Town and Borough of Southwark, was pre- 'TsoufhwwT fen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That resetting the a Petition was lately presented to the House, signed War* by the Bailiff of the said Borough, or his Deputy, purporting to be, " a Petition of the Electors of the " Borough of Southwark:"That, at the Meeting in which the said Petition was resolved, a great Number of disorderly People (not Eleftorr.) drawn together by inflammatory Hand Bills from divers Parts of the Metropolis, forced their Way into the Town Hall,

4 where

35 Geo. III. 20° Februarii.

249

where they voted Resolutioris, to which (as the Petitioners believe) very few of the Electofs of the said Borough affirmed; That the Petitioners, always holding it to be the Right of the Subjects of this Realm to petition the several Branches of the Legislature (a Right which themselves have frequently exercised) would have thought it inexpedient, at this Time, to have laid their Sentiments before the House, if they had not deemed it necessary to vindicate the Character of the Electors of the said Borough from that Appearance of distrust of the Wisdom of Parliament,. which they apprehend might be imputed to them, if the Language of the Petition before alluded to were not thus publicly disavowed: That the Petitioners beheld with the greatest Satisfaction, the Dignity; and the Justice of His Majesty's Conduit, in preserving the most perfeit Neutrality during the first Years of the Disorders of the French Nation, and saw, with equal Regret, the Necessity arise of repelling, by Force, the unprovoked Hostility of a People, who, having themselves abandoned every Moral and Social Principle, endeavoured to plunge the Nations around them in equal Misery, and, under the Mask of Fraternity, to l'eize on their Possessions, and subject them to their Dominion: That the Petitioners have observed with Concern (but not with Dismay) the unchecked Usurpations of that People during the last Campaign, but the Glorious Successes of the Navy

(which in no former War maintained a more decided Superiority over the Naval Power of our Enemies) the Bravery of our Fleets and Armies, the Rel'ources of our Country, and, above all, the undaunted Spirit of its Inhabitants, induce the Petitioners to rely with Confidence that, under the Blessing of Divine Providence, the Independence of these Kingdoms will be preserved , and the Petitioners fully depend that the Principles which guided His Majesty's Conduct in abstaining from Hostilities as long as the Interests of H is People would allow, will prevent this unhappy "War from being protracted One Hour longer than is necessary to the permanent Security of that great End, and that whatever Form of Government the French Nation may aflTume will not prove any Obstacle to

that desirable Fufpose: Finally, the Petitioners be-fcech the House that they will receive this Declaration as a Testimony of the Attachment of the Klc-rtors of Southwark to His Majesty's Person and Government, and of their Reliance on the Wisdom of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Treasury Mi-Copy of Treasury Minute, dated die 9th of ^ngMoneydue

1793, on the Report of the Commissioners of Public tuiheRep.-e-

Accounts, respecting the Monies due to the Representatives of the late Richard O/wald, Esquire. and to the

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of Treasury Minute, dated the 19th of ordered.* *

1794, on the Report of the Comptrollers of the Army

Accounts, respecting the Monies due to the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in America.

Mr. Rcje presented to the House, pursuant to their Report*, an<i

Orders Treasury Mi-

UrXerS* _ . _ . , _ nutes

Copy of the Report of the Commissioners of rub- ingD°, pre-lie Accounts, respecting the Monies due to the Re- fen,ed> presentatives of the late Richard Esquire:

And also.

Copy of Treasury Minute, dated the 9th of

1793, on the Report of the Commissioners of Pub-

lic Accounts, respecting the Monies due to the Re-presentatives of the late Richard , Esquire:

And also.

Copy of the Report of the Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, respecting the Monies due to the Landgrave of Iie/fe Cajfel for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in America: And also.

Copy of Treasury Minute, dated the 19th of

1794, on the Report of the Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, respecting the Monies due to the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJel for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in America.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

COPY of the Report of the Commissioners of Public Accounts, respecting the Monies due to the

- Representatives of the late Richard Esquire.

Office for Auditing the Public Accounts,

Somerset London 19th August 1791.

My Lords,

We duly received Mr. Steele's Letter of the 7th of August 1789, communicating to us your Lordships Determinations on several Accounts, which had been stated to the Board of Treasury, by the late Auditors of the Imprefts, in which Letter your Lordships signify your Allowance of some Parts of the said States, and refer other Parts for our R^-examination.

We immediately took into our Consideration the said Letter and Accounts, and gave Directions for such Examinations to be made, as were necessary to enable us to report co your Lordships on all the Accounts referred; but it appearing to us that those of Richard Oswald, Esquire, were of the greatest Importance, they were, from the First, the'principal Object of our Attention, and will be now the only Subject of this Report.

We are sorry it has been delayed so long; but notwithstanding our unremitted Application to these Accounts ' at all Times when the other Business of the Office would permit, yet an Investigation of Transactions at a Period so remote from the Time when the Service was performed, and after the Accountant was dead, was attended with Circumstances which rendered the Delay unavoidable. "*

A considerable portion of Time was taken up in searching amongst the unarranged Heaps of examined Vouchers remaining in this Office at the Time of pur Establishment, in order to discover those upon which the Commifiary Account, and the referred Articles of the Contract Accounts, were allowed by the late Auditor; and ailb, in attending for the Return to our Precept issued to the Representatives of the Accountant, requiring them to deliver all such original Vouchers, or other Documents respecting those Accounts, as were its their Custody, Power, or Possession.

The Search in this Office discovered Mr. OJwald\ Books of Account for both Services, and sundry other Books, which we at first apprehended were the only Vouchers upon which the Articles of the Contract Ac-Vou L. 3 S count

i$o 10° Februarii. *195-

count in Question were allowed by the late Auditors, no other Description of Vouchers being, as we conceived, exprefifed in the Receipt given to the Accountant by the Deputy Auditor, for the said Account and Vouchers; but although none other than the before-mentioned have been found in this Office, The Board, upon Examination of Mr. Bray and Mr, Harris, late Deputy Auditors, and who were Clerks in the Office of

Mr. Aiflalie,at the Time Mr. Oswald's Accounts and Vouchers were delivered, have been informed by these

Gentlemen, that they verily believe the particular Vouchers belonging to Mr. Oswald' % Accounts were delivered into Auditor Aijlabie'sOffice, during the Time Mr. and Mr. were Deputy Auditors,

with several Vouchers, which they believe were Vouchers belonging to the Commifiary Account.

From the Representatives of the Accountant, we obtained some Duplicates of Vouchers, and fundrv Copies and Translations of Receipts and Certificates, respecting the Contract Service, but nothing on the Subject of the Commissary Account.

These Documents being the only Proofs of the actual Delivery of Supplies and Performance of Services by Mr. Oswald, in his Character of Contractor, which we have been able to procure, ana being, in many Respects, deficient and exceptionable in their Nature, we shall take Leave to trouble your Lordships with a particular Description of them before we report our Opinion on the several Articles of his Contract Account, which have been referred to us; in order that your Lordships may be, at the same Time, informed of the Nature of the Vouchers upon which we have been obliged to form that Opinion.

The only Vouchers found in this Office, relative to Mr. s Contract Account, consists of 21 Books,

respectively bearing Titles correspondent to the several referred Articles of the late Auditor's State of that Account, and contain Extracts of original Vouchers for Deliveries made, for Services performed, and for Losses sustained. To 19 of these Books, Certificates are annexed under the Hand and Seal of Notary Public, attesting that he had compared and examined the original Vouchers in the German and French Languages, with the Exrracts of the Translation thereof, and that he found the same to agree, as far as related to Sums, Quantities, Numbers, &c. To One Book a Note is added, that there is no Notarial Certificate, the Voucher being in the English Language; and another Book is accompanied by the original Certificate, of which it contains the Extract. — The Words of the original Vouchers are in no same translated in these Books, and in some Instances neither the Names, nor Descriptions of the Persons, whqfe Signatures mult have been subscribed, are given; so that for those Articles where we have been obliged to adopt these Books as Vouchers without other Evidence, all Examination how far the Claim for Allowance is warranted under the Contract has been precluded, except from what appears in the general Title of each Book, and from the Nature of the Supplies and Services, such Circumstances as might have appeared on the Face of the Receipts themselves, destructive of the Accountant's Claim for Allowance, do not appear by this Mode of extracting the Particulars from the Vouchers, instead of translating them at Length.

The Papers produced by the Representative of the Accountant, are few and of little Importance, excepc Six Parcels, containing upwards of 400'Copies of Receipts and Certificates, the Extrads of which compose the particular Items of such of the Books before-mentioned, as have served to vouch that Part of Article N° X. in the late Auditor's State, which relates to Wheat, Meal, Bread, &c. spoiled, loft, or taken by the Enemy.

As this Head of Charge appeared to us the moll doubtful of any of those referred, it being probable that the Accountant would endeavour to obtain from the Public as great a Part as possible of his Lolfes, although a Proportion of them might, on a Scrutiny, be found to be incidental to the Execution of the Service he had engaged in, we regarded these Papers, though Copies only, as material; and have accordingly investigated and examined them at extra Hours, with great Labour and particular Attention, comparing the Articles of Loss, and the Circumstances as exprefifed in the Copies, with the Conditions of the Contract; — The Result of this Examination has been a considerable Defalcation in this Article.

The Documents before described, have been the only Proofs before us of the actual Delivery of Supplies and Performance of Services by the Contractor. For his Authorities, the Rates, and Prices, and the requifttc Forms of Receipts and Certificates, we resorted to the Contracts and the Copies of Minutes, which, upon our Application, were transmitted by your Lordships Orders from the Treasury.

Some Doubts having arisen in the Course of our Examination, respecting the Deliveries of Bread to the Troops, and the Allowance to the Contractor of such Part as was frequently rejected by the Regiments, we thought it proper to request the Information of such Gentlemen as were in the Exercise of Polls, Civil and Military, in the Army in Germany during the Period of the Account, and have accordingly been attended by the following Gentlemen; viz1.General Craig, Sir William Fawcett, Sir Cockburn then Commissary of Controul, William Fra/er, Esquire, another Commissary, Gibbs Crawfurd, Esquire, Secretary to Thomas Orby Hunter, Superintendant General, and Mr. Harman, a Quarter Matter Serjeant of the Brigade of Guards, who, being Witoeflcs of the several Transactions, have described to us the Manner of executing the Deliveries of Bread, &c. and of furnishing the Waggons; and front them we were informed of several Circumstances which give us Reason to believe, that in many Cafes, it was not possible for the Contractor to comply literally with the Terms of his Agreement: We ought also, in Justice to Mr. Oswald, to state to your Lordships, that all those Gentlemen who spoke to his Character, concurred in their Testimony of his Diligence and Integrity in the Execution of the Services he had engaged in.

In regard to the Observations of Mr. Martin and Mr. Cornwall on this Account, we have attentively perused the fame, together with Mr. Oswald's Replies, and although we think the latter has almnft in every Instanee satisf.tClorily ar.fwered the Objections urged by the former Gentlemen, yet we have never loft Sight of these Objections, retorting to them constantly, as Cautions in the Investigation of the Vouchers before us.

We now proceed to report to your Lordships our Opinion of the several Articles of the late Auditor's State of Mr. Oswald's Contract Account, which have been referred for our Re-examination, being the Result of an attentive Investigation of the several Materials above described; referring your Lordships to the State itself herewith returned, wherein the several Articles are marked with Numbers, corresponding with the following:

Article

35 Geo. III. 4o° Februarii.

*5*

Article ift.- — Charges of transporting Wheat and Meal — —

The Board, upon examining and perusing the Notary's Book, produced as a Voucher for this Article, and having read so much of Mr. Oswald's Answer to Mr. Martin's Observations as relate thereto, is of Opinion, upon full Consideration of those Papers, that the Whole appears to us to be so satisfactorily vouched, as to be entitled to Allowance.

Article ad. — For Wheat Bread delivered to Guards, Servants, and other Persons attending General and Staff Officers, and British Commissaries; as also to Hospitals, Boors, French Prisoners, and Re-

The Board, on considering the Information given by Sir William Faiocett touching this Article, is of Opinion, that, although the Charge is not within the Contract, yet, as the Persons victualled appear to be the usual Attendants of the Army, and the Contractor could not refuse to supply such Persons occasionally with Bread, the same should be allowed.

Article 3d. — For Horses killed or ruined by hard Service, and Horses, Waggons, and Harness taken by the Enemy, or destroyed by unavoidable Accidents ——

The Board, upon perusing the Book produced as a Voucher for this Article, is of Opinion the same should be allowed.

Article 4th. — For Horses, Waggons, Harnesses, and Drivers Cloaths, to complete the Deficiencies in the Trains transferred to His Majesty ift June 1761 ——

The Board, on considering a Minute of the Treasury Board' of . the 8th May 176a, do recommend this Article to your Lordships for Allowance, although not within the Contract.

Article 5th. — Money paid by Order of Michael Hatton, Commissary General, to lundry of His Majesty's Hanoverian Magazine Keepers — This Article consists of Six Payments to the King's Magazine Keepers at Hoxter, Hamcln, and in Support of which the

Bo ard have not only the Notarial Book, but also Duplicates of the original Receipts, in the German Language, with the Transiations which have been produced by the Representative of the Accountant, to One of which Receipts is added an Engagement for Payment, signed by Michael Hatton.

As this Money was advanced for the Service of Foreign, and not of British Troops, the Board submita the above Statement of the Particulars of this Article, and the Nature of the Vouchers, for your Lordships Consideration, in what Manner the Accountant should be re-imburf<to the fame, the Service not being within the Terms of the Contract.

Article 6th. — For Wheat Bread delivered to Draughts of different Regiments, and Invalids, &c. in the Garrison of — —

The Board is of Opinion, this-Article should be admitted and allowed.

Article 7th. — Extraordinary Charges on the Supply of Bread to the British Troops, for Duties, Eftafettes, &c. — —

This Article appearing to be Money advanced for the Public Service, the Board recommend to your Lordships, that the same be allowed.

Article 8th. — For Hire of Boors, Waggons, for Transports from the Landing Places on the Rivers to the Magazines — —

The Board is of Opinion^ that this Article is warranted by the Contract; the Allowance thereof is therefore recommended to yOUr Lordships.

t . '

Article 9th. — For W'hear, Wheat Meialr Rye* and Sacks, delivered'over into His Majesty's Magazines at the Expiration of the Contract — It being conformable to the Contract, that the Contractor should be indemnified in Value for such Quantities of Bread and Wheat

Amount of the several Articles, as allowed in the late Auditor's State.

£ s‘ d.

10,044 3 4

Disallowances by this Board.

Lm Sm &

5,149 16 1

5,588 15 4*

j,oa8 6 —

176 a 9

a86 12 ii|

1,075 2 2

1,48a 1 lOf

14,419 4 a

as

*5*

20° Februarii.

A.

1795

as should remain in the Magazines and Storehouses at the Determination of the Contract, and the original Certificate of Daniel IVeir, Esquire, of the Quantities received into the King's Magazines, being before the Board, the Commissioners recommend the Allowance of this Article.

Article ioth.Part ift. — Wheat, Meal, Bread, &c. spoiled, loft, or taken by the Enemy ——

The Board, having had before them, in Addition to the Notarial Books exhibited to the late Auditor in Support of this Article, Copies of the several Vouchers, as described in the former Part of - this Report, upon which the said Books were formed; and having examined the Copy of each Voucher separately, with particular Attention, is of Opinion, that the Accountant, under the Terms of his Contract, can claim Indemnification for a Part only of the Losses dated in this Article, amounting, in the Whole, to the Sum of£. 26,035. jjs.$d. j the Remainder of the said Losses, amounting to £.9,537. 6 s. 1 d. are such as the Board is of Opinion were incidental to the Execution of the Service, for which there is no Provision of Indemnification in the Contract, and therefore ought to fall on the Contractor, and not be allowed in this Account — <

Article toth. Part zd. — Wheat, Meal, Bread, &c. supplied to the German Troops, to sundry German Garrisons, and to the Dire#ors of the King's Bakery, for the Use of German Troops, &c. —

The Board is of Opinion, that this Article is unconne#ed with the Contract, the Supplies having been advanced for the Service of Foreign and not of British Troops, and no. Order being produced ' or alledged, under the Authority of which these Supplies were

furnished; but, in order to favc the Trouble of a separate Reference, the Board takes this Opportunity of stating to your Lordships the following Extracts of so much of Mr. Answer to Mr.

Martin's Observations as relates to this Article; at the same Time submitting to your Lordships Consideration, in what Manner the Accountant should be re-imbursed the Amount thereof.

" With respect to the above Article, I appeal to the Vouchers, " by which it will appear, that the Transa#ions were real, and " existed in Germany, though they were not satisfied there, being a Species of Disbursement on the King's Account, to His Troops in Difirefs, unconne#ed with my Contract, running on in a progressive Detail at all the different Stations where 1 had Bakeries and Magazines, of which I could not have a perfe# Knowledge, nor could procure proper Attestations until the Service was over; at which Period only I could venture to withdraw the People or Agents under whose inspe#ion these Disbursements were made; and that I received no Satisfa#ion in Germany for any Part thereof, I can, with equal Assurance, appeal to all the Accounts that were settled for me in that Country."

<c

Article toth. Part 3d. — Loss of 374 Bags of Wheat, by the Loss of a

Vessel on the WeJer ——

The Board is of Opinion, that this Loss, although not within the

Letter of the Contract, is within the Spirit of it; and such a Loss as it was not in the Power of the Accountant to avoid: The Commissioners, therefore, recommend to your Lordships, that the same be allowed.

Article 1 ith. — Difference in the Purchase of sundry Quantities of Wheat, Meal? and Rye, bought in different Parts of the Country for the immediate Supply of the Army, when, by reason of the Failure of Transports, the necessary Provision imported by him could not be brought up from his Magazines — —

The Board is of Opinion, this Article does not come within the Letter of the Contract; but as the said Charge appears to have been unavoidable, and the Difference of Prices well vouched, the Board fubinits to your Lordships the reasonableness of a Re-imbursement.

Amount of the several Article*, as allowed in the late Auditor's State.

da

35»572 19 6

Disallowances by this Board.

JC. S. da

— . — 9.537 6 >

5.543 *9 7

1207 17 — 1

3,109 8 1

Article

35 Geo. III. 20° Februarii.

*53

Amount of the several Articles, as allowed Disallowances by

- in the late Auditor's this Board.

State.

Article tath. — Difference arising upon the Rates of Exchange — To be allowed, pursuant to the Directions of a Mipute of the Treasury, dated the ad January 1766. Article 13th.* — Expences for Hire of Granaries, and for Repairs and other Charges thereon - The Board, on considering that Part of the Contratt, whereby the Contrador undertakes to make and form proper and necessary Magazines, Storehouses being found at the Charge of the Government, £ t. d. £. r* d.

304 1 — 5M 3 8

is of Opinion, that the Accountant has a Right, under the Terrhs of his Contract, to the Allowance of this Article. Article 14th. — Wages to Labourers employed at sundry Magazines — -This Article not being provided for by the Contract, the Board is of Opinion, the Expence thereof ought to fall on the Cdntrador, and therefore ought not to be allowed — — — 1,79a a 6 1 1,792 2 6

Article 15th. — House Hire, and Rent of Quarters of the Commissaries, and other extraordinary Charges incurred by those employed by him in the Preservation of Magazines — — — This Article not being provided for by the Contract, the Board is of Opinion, the Efcpence thereof ought to fall on the Contrador, and therefore ought not to be allowed — — — - 638 5 7i 638 5 7

Article 16th. — For Eftafettes paid by him during the Continuance of the Contract - — This Article not being provided for by the Contract, the Board is of Opinion, the Expence thereof ought to fall on the Contrador, and therefore ought not to be allowed — — - . — . 48a 11 11 482 21 11

Article 17th. — Fees and Charges paid or payable on passing the Account - The Board is of Opinion this Article should be allowed, except £.73. 19/. intended for the late Auditor's Deputies and Clerks — ao8 1-8 6 73 *9 —

Article 18th. — Fee to the late Auditors of His Majesty's Imprefts — The said Fee having been paid by the Accountant, is allowed. Article 19th. — Money paid to Mojes Schomberg, Notary Public, for translating of Vouchers — — — — The Translations appearing to have been made, and a Receipt mentioned in the late Auditor's State to have been produced to him, the Board is of Opinion, this Sum should be allowed, a similar Charge having been allowed in several other Accounts. 456 253 14 ~ L y 12,524 5 u

If your Lordships shall approve of* the aforegoing Report, the Accountant will be in Surplusage upon his Contract Account, including Article 5th and Article 10th Part ad, the Sum of £.32,671. ar. a§5. in (lead of the Sum of £.45,195. 7 J. 4 d.as Itated by the late Auditor.

In regard to the Account of Mr. OJwaldas Commissary, we have already informed your Lordships, that the Accountant's Book of Accounts has been the only Document discovered in this Office} none of the Vouchers upon which the Articles were allowed by the late Auditor can now be found, nor have any Papers relative thereto been obtained from the Representatives of the Accountant. We have therefore no Materials before us to enable us to obey your Lordships Command in the Re-examination of this Account, but the said Book of Accounts} the late Auditors State of it after Examination, as referred by your Lordships; the Observa^ tions of Mr Martinand Mr. Cornwall, with Mr. Oswald'sAnswers thereto} and some Minutes of the Treasury

Board, the Copies of which we received by your Lordships Orders.

From the Papers it appears, that Mr. Oswald was in November 1758, by Direction of the Lords of the Treasury, called to England from Germany, where he then was in the Execution of his Contracts, and by their Lotdships requested to give every Assistance in his Power to Mr. who had been recently appointed

Commissary General of the* Army in Germany , that after Mr. Oswald had returned to Germany with Mr. Hunter, he undertook, at that Gentleman's Request, and under his Direction, Firff, The Poll; of Commissary attending an Army of Twelve Thousand Men, sent into HeJJe,which Service continued from the 19th of February to the 1 ith of December 1759: Secondly, The same Port attending an Army of the like Force detached into Saxony, under the Command of his Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of from the 13th of December

Vol. L. 3 T 1759.

2-54 2o° A. 1795.

17 59» to *^e 20th of February 1760: Thirdly, He acted as Commissary in of the Army under Duke Ferdinand ot Brutjwiek, after Mr. Hunter'i return to , and until Colonel s Arrival, the said Ser-

vice succeeding that upon the Expedition into Saxony, which ended in February 1760: And, Fourthly, Having relinquished his Waggon Contraft, and agreed with the Lords of the Treasury for the Transfer of all the Waggons and Horses, &c. to Government, which took Place the ift of June 1762, he undertook the Office of Commissary for conducting the Business of the said Waggon Trains, on the Part of the Public, in which Poll he continued to act till the Waggons, &c. were delivered over to Mr. Paumier, by Order of Mr. PowHall, the rft of January 1763; and the Account of the Monies received and expended in the Execution of these several Services is the Account in Question.

It does not appear that Mr. Oswald had any Commission appointing him to either of the before-mentioned Offices, or any Instructions for his Guidance in the Execution of them; from which, if any such had existed,

the Nature of his Duty and Extent of his Powers might have been collected: — The only Trace of Authority

from your Lordships Board which we can find, relates to the latter Service, and appears upon a Treasury Minute of the 8th of May 1762, wherein it is stated, " that Mr. attends and relinquishes his Waggon

" Contraft;" and an Agreement is made for transferring the Waggons and Horses to the Public; and Mr. Oswald offers to give the Public his Personal Attention to, and Inspection of, the Management of this Train, if it was thought his Superintendance wasufeful; and this Offer seems to be tacitly accepted by the Treasury Board as One of the Conditions of the Transfer.

After an attentive Examination of the several Papers before-mentioned, we are of Opinion, that the Articles of Disbursement are such as must have arisen upon Services in which the Accountant was engaged; that the late Auditor reports them to have been well vouched to him, when he made his Statement of the Ac-jC-a,173. it. oi<t. count; and Mr. Oswald having voluntarily charged himself with a large Sum, stamps feme Degree of Credit upon the whole of these Transactions.

The Charge of £.2,283 for the Accountant's Pay at the Rate of £.3 a Day, wants the Support of a Commission or Warrant from His Majesty, or from the Board of Treasury; but as no Doubt can be entertained of the Execution of the Services by the Accountant, and as the Rate of Pay is no more, as we apprehend, than has been usually allowed for such Services, it does not appear to us that any reasonable Objection can be urged to this Article, except so far as relates to the Superintendance of the Waggon Trains after they were transferred to the Public; for which Service Mr. s Offer to give the Public his Personal Attention,

may possibly be deemed so far a Part of the Agreement between the Board of Treasury and him, as to preclude him from any Claim of Pay for it.

In respect to the Observations of Mr. Martin and Mr. Cornwall, we must in this Cafe, as in that of the Contraft Account, represent to your Lordships, that Mr. Oswald has answered them in so satisfactory a Manner, as to have removed, in our Opinion, any Objection to this Account arising from those Observations.

Upon the whole we are therefore of Opinion, that no good Ground appears from the Materials-which have been before us, respecting this Accoynt, to have so long delayed the passing of the Account, or to make any Defalcation from the Balance of £. 9,017. 12 s.4 stated by the late Auditor to be due to the Accountant, except of the Sum of £. 735, being the Amount of his Pay as Commissary for superintending the Waggon Trains after they were transferred to the Public; which if your Lordships think proper to disallow, will reduce the said Balance to the Sum of £. 8,282. 12 4

We have the Honour to be, with great Respect,

My Lords,

Your Lordships most obedient

and most humble Servants,

John Dick.

IP-

John Martin Leake.

The Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, &c. &c. &c.

COPY of Treasury Minute, dated the 9th of August 1793, on the Report of the Commissioners of Public Accounts, respecting the Monies due to the Representatives of the late Richard Oswald, Esquire.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 9th Day of August 1793.

PRESENT,

Mr. Pitt,

Earl of Mornington,

Mr. Townshend.

Read, Letter from Mr. John Anderson, Executor of Richard Oswald, deceased, praying their Lordships will give Directions for the Settlement of Mr. Oswald's Accounts, as Contractor for supplying Bread and Waggons to the Allied Army in Germany, from the Year 1758 to 1763, and as Commissary of Bread and Forage, anti Superintendant of the British and Heftian Waggon Trains.

Read, the States of Mr. Oswald's Accounts, as made up by the late Auditors of the Imprest,

8 M'

35 Geo. III. 20° Februarii. 255

My Lords resume the Consideration of the Report of the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts, dated the 19th of August 1791, Hating their Observations on the several Articles in the said Accounts, with the Amount of the Sum Hated to be due to him by the late Auditors of the Imprest, and the Disallowances now submitted by the Commissioners,

My Lords are pleased to approve of the State of the Account of Mr, as late Contractor for supply-

ing Bread and Forage to the Allied Army in Germany, and of the Disallowances as now reported by the Commissioners, making a Balance of £. 32,671. 2J. 2f d,in Favour of the Accountant.

Let a Warrant be prepared for Hating the Account for Declaration accordingly.

My Lords arc pleased to allow the State of Mr. OJw Account as Commissary, including the Sum of jC*735> being the Amount of his Pay as Commissary for Superintending the Waggon Trains after they were transferred to the Public, on which the Balance in his Favour will then be 9,017. 12 d. agreeable to the State made up by the late Auditors.

Let a Warrant be prepared accordingly for Hating the Account for Declaration.

COPY of the Report of the Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, respecting the Monies due to the Landgrave of He/)'e CaJJel, for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in America.

(Comptroller's Office, July 31H, 1794.

My Lords,

In Obedience to your Lordships. Commands, signified by Mr. Long's Letter of 10th March 1791, directing the Comptrollers of Army Accounts to examine the Account of Losses and Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in America, By the UeJJian Troops employed in His Majesty's Service, and to Hate the said Account to your Lordships, and acquainting the Comptrollers that Sir William Fawcett was delired to give his AfliHance in this Business;

We take Leave tp acquaint your Lordships, that the said Account has been accordingly examined with the AfliHance of Sir William Fawcett, and compared with the Provisions of the Treaty; that divers Observations and Doubts which arofc on several of the Articles were communicated to the Agent of the Landgrave, and have been replied to by his Serene Highness's Commissariat General of War, which Replies have also been duly Confldered, together with several additional Vouchers which accompanied the fame.

The clearing up of the above Doubts has been the Occasion of so much Delay in reporting upon this Business, but the Examination of this Account being completed, we now return to your Lordships the Original Account, marked Letter A. and also all the Vouchers and Papers relative thereto, in a Bundle marked B. also another Paper marked Letter C. containing a Lifl of the Articles disallowed by the Comptrollers, with the Advice and Concurrence, of Sir William, Fawcett, -with the Reasons for such Disallowances; and if the same shall meet with your Lordships Approbation, the Sum of Sixty-eight thousand Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds Twelve Shillings and a Farthing will remain due to the Landgrave of for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in America, by the UeJJian Troops employed in His Majesty's Service, as follows; viz1.

A.

Amount of the Original Account, as delivered by Messrs. Van Not ten — £. 163,926 5 6

Amount of the disallowed Articles, as Hated in Paper C. — — 95,075 *3

Remains due to the Landgrave — £, 68,850 12 — J

We have the Honour to be, with great Respect,

My Lords,

Your Lordships.

mofl obedient and

.: mofl^humble -Servants,

Right honourable t|ie Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

(Signed) John Dick,

John Martin »

C. STATEMENT

45 6

ao® Februarii.

A. 1795.

{ R

C. STATEMENT of the Account of the Extraordinaries.

' *

Balance of his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJel's Demands of Extraordinaries for his Troops, from the Year 1776 to the Year 1784 —

Sterling.

£.163,926 5 6

Deduct,

In Article of the Account, N* 2.

u"<Ir7B!l'[-,0'}NoV, JUch'rs - -

J — 14. J ——

I — 16. Not warranted by the Treaty

Letter B. N° 7. Ferrying over the Wejery no Voucher

Anno 1777.

Letter I. No Authority produced for incurring this Expence — — —

Amo 1778.

Letter A. Not belonging to this Account —

Anno 1782.

Letter F. A double Charge for Medicines, being already charged in Letter D v —

Article N® 3.

Charge, N° 11. Overcharged in Computation —

Articles N® 11 and 12.

Overcharged, the Amount of the Train of 8 Pieces of Cannon, which were loft; it being originally paid for in the Article N® 9 — — —

Article N® 13.

Error in Computation of 850 Cherts —

Article N® 15.

Anno 1781. Over Addition — — —

Article N® 16.

Charge N° 2. For sundry Medicines purchased from ift February 1776 to 24th December 1780, which Mr. Nootb states should be charged to the Regimental Accounts £.2,223 *9 7i

For Amount of fun-dryreje&ed Receipts, which could not be received as Vouchers belonging to the Hospital or Regimental Accounts — 214 14

Charge N° 4. Pay for an additional Surgeon for the Grenadier Brigade, from 16th July 1781 to 21st 1784, is an Extra Charge, not founded on the Treaty

Article 19.

Killed and wounded, disallowed, not being warranted by the Treaty —

Article N* 20.

Subsidy for Extra Mutters — —

Carried over —

Rix. Mg. Sterling.;

22 12 —

63

IO — —

*3°

3,480 12 2

13 i 9

*5 *3 4

— — — IO —

1,451 28 6 -

3 *4 — ,

*»438

— — 525 10 —

— — 7»on 16 3

— — 5*935 4 10

5,191 27 9 62,912 14 nf 163,926 5 6

35 Geo. III. 40° Februarii.*57

Deduct, Rix, ing', d. f. s. d. I- >. </

Brought forward — By the Treaty a Corps of 14,000 Men is to be employed in His Britannick Majesty's Service, and a Subsidy of 450,000 Crowns Banco is to be paid to H. S. H. for the said Corps. This Corps, including Staff Servants, &c. confided, according to a Schedule annexed to the Treaty, to 12,699 > and the Object of the present Claim is to obtain a proportional Subddy for the Surplus of 699 Men. The Comptrollers are of Opinion, this Claim should not be allowed, for the following Rcafoos; 5*191. n 9 62,912 14 III 163.926 5 6

viz*.

ift. Because the Treaty grants a specific Subsidy for a specific Body of Men; which Subsidy was,

regularly, granted by Parliament, and received by the Landgrave's Agent throughout the whole War, without any Claim being made for a further Sum until the present Application, ad. That if it be contended that the Subsidy is to be in Proportion to the actual Number of Effedtives, a Deduction should be made whenever this Body of Men did not amount to 12,000 Effectives j and it will be admitted, that this Corps, while employed in never amounted to that Number. Article N* 21. *

Widows Fund — — — The Widows fund in the Establishment is Part of Extraordinary Grants, at 4J. a Day per Company. The Purposes for which these 41. are allowed are as follows $ viz*. To the Colonel, for Clothing loft by Desertion. To the Captains, for Expences in Recruiting. 31,235 II 2

To the Regimental Agents, for their Trouble, &c. To the Fund established for the Support of Officers Widows. The Colonel of a Foreign Regiment does not clothe it, neither do the Captains recruit, both these Services being performed by their respective Sovereigns, for which the Levy Money, Pay, and Subsidy, is the Compensation. The Regimental Agent is an Officer not known in Foreign Service, nor is there any Widows Fund established. Were this Claim for Widows Pensions therefore to he acceded to, the Landgrave would have an Allowance for an Expence which he i,s notsubjedt to Similar Claims have been also uniformly disallowed to the other Foreign Troops in British Pay. Article N* 23. Col-' De Borck, disallowed for Reasons given - 1

in the Subsidence Account - 37 6 8

Rix. 5,191 27 9 94,185 12 9I 163,926 5 6

Rix. 5,191. 27. 9. make, at 54. Rix. St*. — — . 890 — 81 95»?75 *3

Remains due to H. S. H. the Landgrave of Uejfe for Balance of his Account of Extraordinaries — — - - iC- 68,850 12 — 1

Vet. JL.

3U COPY

258 20° Februarii. 1795.

COPY of Treasury Minute, dated the 19th of August 1794, on the Report of the Comptrollers of the Army Accounts respecting the Monies due to the Landgrave of for Extraordinaries in-

curred during the late War in America.

Whitehall^ Treasury Chambers, 19th August 1794.

P R E S E N . T,

Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Hopk,

Mr. Yownjhend.

Read, Report of the Comptrollers of Army Accounts on an Account of LolTes and Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in America,by the Hessian Troops employed in His Majesty's Service, amounting to £. 163,926. 5 s.6d. wherein the Comptrollers inclose a Paper containing a List of the Articles disallowed by them, with the Advice and Concurrence of Sir William with the Reasons for such Disallowances, and

submit that if the same shall meet with their Lordships Approbation, the Sum of £.68,850. 12J. — will remain due to the Landgrave of Hejfe, for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in , by the

Hessian Troops employed in His Majesty's Service.

My Lords will submit the Payment of this Sum to the Consideration of Parliament in the next Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty-

Motion* for A Motion was made, and the Question being put, BrUMb Ann* That t^*cre be laid before this House, a Copy of the Abroad. my Return of the Effectives of the British Army under N«g* the Command of General His Royal Highness the Duke of York, serving in Flanders and on the Frontier of France, on the ift of April 1794.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{General , 1

Mr.

Junior: J

Tellers for the Noes, "j; Lng, }

The Numbers reported by the Tellers to the House, were,

Yeas — — — 12.

Noes — — — 64.

But Notice being taken that Mr. Fox (One of the , Members who was told in with the Yeas) had come

into the House after the Question was put; the said Member, on being asked by Mr. Speaker, stated to the House, that he was, at that Time, coming into the House from the Committee Rooms, but was inclined to believe that he was not actually within the Door of the House at the Time when the Question was put.

The Vote of the said Member was therefore disallowed; and the Numbers reported by Mr. Speaker to the House, were

Yeas — — — 11.

Noes — — — 64.

So the Question passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Return of the Effectives of the British Army under the Command of General His Royal Highness the Duke of York, serving in Flanders and on the Frontier of France, on the 2d of April 1794$

The'House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {cZ^mu!2

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion* for That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the ,h*

Return of the Sick and Wounded of the British Army Abroad. m3r under the Command of General His Royal Highness Ntg. the Duke of York, serving in Flanders and on the Frontier of France, on the ift of April 1794;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That there be laid before, this House, a Copy of the Return of the Effectives of the British Army serving on the Frontier of Holland and in on the'

ift of August 17945

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Return of the Sick and Wounded of the British Army serving on the Frontier of Holland and in , on the ift of August 1794;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Rpturn of the Effectives of the British Army serving oh the Frontiers of Holland and , on the ift

of February 1795;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Return of all Regiments and Recruits font to the said Army, between the ift of April 1794 and the ift of February 1795 »

It passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon CariiflePeti-the 12th Day of January last, for taking into Consideration, upon Thursday next, the Petition of Thomas Eleftionde-Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward ferrw1,

ao* Februarii.

35 Geo. III.

Wafiell, John Richardson, Robert Parker, Thomas ley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Teoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle, respecting the Right of Election for the said City, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 3d Day of March next, at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inferred in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City of Carlisle. '

Addrefo for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to ^ary°TreU«y His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to with the Duke give Directions, that there be laid before this House, of Brunswick. a Copy of the Subsidiary Treaty concluded between His Majesty and the Duke of BrunJwick.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Article* of the Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the C,otfica<to°b«U Translation of the Articles of the Const itution of printed. be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House,

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

quiring Own. to rc^lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, «r» of ship* to upon the Bill for requiring the Owners and Masters ^N»v*ensor Ships belonging to Great Britain to furnish a cer-W3r* tain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to‘their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Hood took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Hood reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.-wported. The Lord Hood accordingly reported from th^said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read th£ Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennighr.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Committee of The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply. to rcf0]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Report Militie A Motion was made. That the Report which was Estimattrefer- made from the Committee, who were appointed to r* ' prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision

*59

for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1795, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Account*, Stc. said Committee. refined.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money issued, Money issued from 11 is Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the 5th Day of Abroad. January 1794 and the 5th Day of January 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to on Account sundry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the French of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues; on Account of RefuSee#* the suffering Refugee Clergy, &c. of France, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to To Mr. Cot-Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exche- to''for Allow-quer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, r^an'sufferew" for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to To Mr. chin-William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Ex- reryforFrench

chequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, $t.' Doming of to be by him paid over to certain French Proprietors of the Island of Saint Domingo, to enable them to go there, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to ToD»todif-

WiiiiamChinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Ex- charge Fee* on chequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, Forfei*ure*'ii» to enable him to discharge Claims for Fees on Escheats Nova Scotia, and Forfeitures in the Province of Nova Scotia, and &c* for other Services, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to To Mr. Pol-William Pollock, and William Hujk Esquires, at locli a"d *« the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Bufinlf*rrifing Civil List Revenues, for an Allowance to a Super- out of the intendant appointed to attend the Business arising out A^en* Act. of an Act, passed in the Jaft Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," from the 10th Day of January 1793 to the nth Day of 17941 and for Expences of Printing in Consequence of the above-mentioned Act, from the 5th Day of January 1793 to the 30th of April following, be, referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued at the TotheRepre. Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil ^"BUck* Lift Revenues, to the Representatives of William burn, and to Blackburn, Esquire, as a Compensation for his Trouble in making Designs for the Penitentiary done relative to Houses intended to have been built at the Public Penitentiary Expence, and for a Variety of other Business done House*‘ relative thereto; and to Jeremy Bentham, Esquire, to enable him to make Preparations for the Custody and Care of the Convicts proposed to be confined in the Penitentiary Houses, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued at the ToMr.Erance Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to Thomas Evance, Esquire, as an Al- the journal* of lowance to himself, and Thomas Broidie, Gentleman, H°ufe for continuing and perfecting the Index to the Journals or *" of the House of Lords, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money Money issued which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pur- J^jj^e*.0 suant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums that will Sumswanting be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the fwl'»jrm*iuof

Rate

Interest, See. on Orders for Relief to American and East Florida Sufferers.

Money issued for carrying on the Prosecution against Mr. Hjftingg.

Expence of Articles sent to New South Wales.

To Mr. Bradley for maintaining Convicts at Lang* ftoneandPortf-mouthj &c.

To Mr. Campbell for D° on the Thames.

African Company's Petition.

Petition from the Board of Agriculture.

Account of Income, &c. of D° Board.

Account of Extraordinaries of the Army.

Estimate of several Regiments and Corps to be raised. '

z6o 20° — 23

Rate of jt. 3. ioj. per Centum per for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied, after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1794, on the several Orders made out, pursuant to the Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America,in Cor.sequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of 1795, together with the Sum of £. 6. 5 per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interefi, which will become due on the 10th Day of ORober 1795, a^tcr the same Rate of

f. 3, 10 s. per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £.6. 5 of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Order respectively, in which Account the Amount of the Principal and Interefi: are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hajlings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of sundry Articles sent to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c. and which

have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the President and Members of the Board of Agriculture, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Income and Expenditure of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1793 to the 24th of December 1794, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Regiments and Corps to be raised for the Service of Great Britain, in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, 34th Geo. III. C. 43. be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

J Februarii. A. 1795.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please tp receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossfed Bill for punishing Mutiny and De- Mutiny Sill fertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Ma- MarineMo* jesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the tinyBUlpafled. Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Way* and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean* defer, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means-for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lujjce^ 2 30 die Februarii;

Anno 350 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

SI R Charles Morgan reported from the Committee Second Report appointed to take the Residue of the Evidence which may be thought proper to be adduced in Sup- to take the port of the Bill for improving the Drainage of the gt'lde^*f" Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of

Eau Brink and the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands King'* Lynn

adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands rainas<: ' adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the fjoufe, and who were instrufted to admit Counsel for th<?

Bill, and for the Petitioners against the Bill, to attend them on the taking of the Minutes of such Evidence}

That the Committee had proceeded further in the Examination of several Witnesses, produced in Support of the said Bill, and had directed him to report the Minutes of such Examination to the House; and he a read

35 Geo. III. 230 Februariu261

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. — A printed Copy is with the Original.

CounTJf on The Order of the Day being read, for the Hearing Eau'iirinkand of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage King'* Lynn of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great " Level of the Fens, called Bedford , and the Low

I^ands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's in the said

County, and for altering and improving the Naviga* tion of the said River , from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Saint

Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and -preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze;.

Ordered, That the Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Seven-

night, the 4th Day of March next.

Mr. ‘Thomas Stanley presented to the House, ac- Mump'* cording to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining Brook^Sa<S-c a Turnpike Road from Mump's Brook, within , Ro^u Bill

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to , in pres«nt«l. the West Riding of the County of York, and a Branch therefrom, at or near Denjhaw, to, or near to,

bill, and another Branch therefrom, at or near Grains, to Delph, all within Saddleworth, in the said Riding:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for applying certain Sums of Money raised Bill for apply, in the County of Derby by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this King- committed; dom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow

Sevennight, the 3d Day of March next, resolve itself

into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

Bill. Accounts

ordered.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road at, or near, Abemant through Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Public Roads near Rbydy Blew, in the County of Brecon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cut from his present Navigation, in the Township of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Township of Painington, near the Town of Leigh, in the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Mort Froggatt, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of AJlley, and Owner and Occupier of considerable Estates and Lands through which the Line of the' intended Canal thereinafter mentioned is laid down, upon the Plan thereof, was referred; That no Coun-fel or Party appeared before the Committee in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

London Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of London, in the room of John Sawbridge, Esquire, deceased.

Watford and Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to Order,a Bill for makingand extending a NavigableCut from the Town of Watford, in the County of to the Town of Saint Alban, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Vul. L.

St. Alban* Canal Bill presented.

Brecon and Abernant feoad B II commuted*

Worsley and Painington Canal Bill reported*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of £^,rte" Raisins imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, in the Years 1791, 1792, and 1793, with the Duties and, Drawbacks thereon, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an *nd

Account of the Quantities of Lemons and Oranges ran8 imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, in the Years 1791, 1792, and 1793, with the Duties and Drawbacks thereon, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laijd before this House, an Saltai OU. Account of the Quantity of Sallad Oil imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, in the Years 1791,

1792, and 1793, with the Duties and Drawbacks thereon, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Spermaceti Account of the Quantity of Spermaceti Oil imported °ll‘ into, and exported from. Great Br, in the Years 1791, 1792, and 1793, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an SilkKnubs, Account of the Quantities of Silk Knubs and Hulks, ke\ and of Waste Silk, imported into, and exported from.

Great Britain, in the Years 1791, 1792, and '1793, with the Duties and Drawbacks thereon, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Mahogany, Ebony, ny* c* Cedar, and Lignum Vitae, imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, in the Years 1791, 1792, and

1793, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Balks, Batten*, Account of the Quantities of Balks, Battens, Batten P"1* 4tc-Ends, Beech Quarters, Deals, Deal Ends, Fir Quarters, Fir Timber, and Users, imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, in the Years 1791, 1792, and 1793, with the Duties and Drawbacks thereon, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Coals export-Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from cd*

Great Britain (except to Ireland, the British Colonies or Plantations, or- the United States of AmericaJ in the Years 1791, 1792* and 1793, distinguishing each Year, with the Duties paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Rock Salt. Account of the Quantity of British Rock Salt exported from Great Britain, in the Years 1791, 1792, and 1793, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an wine imported Account of the Quantities of Wine, distinguishing the and exP0,iCj' Sorts, imported and exported during the last Five

3 X Years,

butiei om Coffee and Cocoa*

t)° on Tea#

V. on Spirits*

Quantities of Sweets made, and Duty thereon.

Amount of Duties on Affidavit!, Writs, &c.

Keremie iris-ing from buty of Postage.

N* of Letters and Packets sent or received busy free.

Amount of, ftavy and Victualling Bills Outstanding. *

Accounts, &c. presented.

N° of Men or Boys employed in Vessela belonging to the Excise in Scotland who enjoy Protections 5 and of Vesseli, &c. employed.

Return to Order for Account of Spirits dif* tilled from Gram.

262 230 FebruatiL 179$*

Years, viz. from Christmas 1788 to Christmas 1793, and an Average of the Whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Coffee and Cocoa, for Five Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made out.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Excise Duties on Tea, exclusive of the Surplus paid to the Customs, and of the Drawback on Exportation, for Five Years, ended the 5th Day of July 1794; and also an Account of the Drawback for the same Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Foreign and British Spirits imposed in 1791, for Three Years,

ehded the 5th Day of July 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Sweets made in Great Britain, and the Amount of the Duty thereon, for Five Years, to the 5th Day of July 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Affidavits, Original Writs, Agreements, Bonds, Charter Party Deeds, &c. Probates of Wills, Receipts, and Policies of Assurance, distinguishing those consigned to the Distributors in the Country, and these issued at the Head Office for ready Money, for Three Years, to the iff of August 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the Duty of Postage, for the last Ten Years, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up, distinguishing the Amount of the said Duty in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Letters and Packets which have been sent or received, free from the Duty of Postage, during the last Ten Years, made up to the latest Period to which the same can be made up, distinguishing each Year; and also the Amount of the Duty if such Letters and Packets had been charged with the Duty of Postage.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Navy and Victualling Bills which were Outstanding on the 30th of September 1793 j with the Interest thereon, computed to the 10th Day of March 1795.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of . the Number of Men or Boys employed in any Vessel, Craft, Barge, or Boat belonging to the Excise in Scotland, as well as the Number of Men who enjoy Protections from that Office: And also.

An Account of the Number of Vessels of Tonnage, and the Number of Boats and Row Galleys, employed by the Excise in Scotland, and the Hands employed therein.

Mr. Nicolay also, frdm the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Requisition of the Honourable House of Commons of 6th February " 1795, ordering to be laid before the House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from " Grain» distinguishing the Kinds of Grain, and the

" Duty paid thereon, from ift January 1792 to ill " January last."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Return were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Return do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Return are . preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Nicolay, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended B*°,fJ^7oyed at the Door, he was called in $ and, at the Bar, presented in vtffd* be-to the Hbufe, pursuant to their Orders, cuaoms'm'1*

An Account of the Number of Men or Boys cm- swtUni.'wto ployed in any Vessel, Craft, Barge, or Boat belonging enjoy Protec-to the Customs, in that Part of Great Britain called vessel»,a&e. Scotland, as well as the Number of Men who enjoy employed. Protections from that Office: And also, presented.

An Account of the Number of Vessels of Tonnage, and the Number of Boats and Row Galleys, employed by the Custom House, and the Hands employed therein, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Lloyd, from Amount of the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by 'w* Stamps, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, &c. preituud! at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Amount of the Duties on Affidavits, Original Writs, Agreements, Bonds,

" Charter Party Deeds, &c. Probates of Wills, Re- ceipts, and Policies of Atfurance, distinguishing those " consigned to the Distributors in the Country, and " those issued at the Head Office for ready Money, for Three Years, to the ift of August 1794.*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hartwell, from Account of the Navy Office, attended at the Door, he was called Nary and vie-in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant outstand?u& to their Order, presented.

An Account of Navy and Victualling Bills Outstand-ingin each Month ro the 30th September 1793 j with the Amount of the Interest due thereon, to the 10th March

*795-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j viz.

NAVY

NAVY OFFICE, the 23d February 1795.

An ACCOUNT of Navy and Victualling Bills Outstanding in each Month, to the 30th September 17 931with the Amount of the Interest due thereon, to the

10th March 1795 1

o

o

OQ

rs

0

1

In what Month, registered.

Bills registered between the ift of 1791

and the 31st March 1793, which have not been subscribed iota £. 5 per Cent. Bank. Annuities.

Principal Interest

J. April. Principal Interest

May. Principal Interest

June. Principal Interest

J Principal Interest

August. Principal Interest

September. Principal Interest

Totals f Principal r Interest

General Totals — >

NAVY and TRANSPORT BILLS. VICTUALLING BILLS.

Interest Bill,. Non-Interest. TOTAL. Interest Bills. Non-Interest. TOTAL.

s % d. £. J. d. iC* J* ,c- 'd- £. s. d. d.

5,780 15 — - r _ 5,780 15 — 9,249 11 5 1,116 9 5 10,366 — 10

— — 380 — — — __ — 621 — 11

126,698 10 — _ 126,698 3 10 158,403 2 8 2,190 4 4 160,593 7 —

T — . 7,320 — — — — 9»*52 3 7

13^042 7 11 10 5 1 . 1381052 13 — 155*407 994 5 6 156,401 5 6

— — — 7*5»6 — — 8,461 — 11

IS4i799 6 9 54 — 3 154*853 7 — 126,715 4 — 887 1 6 127,602 5 6

" — 7*912 — , — — — 6,476 11 1

*57*522 13 3 188 19 10 157*7*1 *3 73,312 12 2 918 16 2 74,231 8 4

— — — . 7,526 — — — 3*5°2 *4 3

220,675 l6 , 5,985 — 226,660 16 11 99*096 3 7 2,498 101,594 3 7

— — — 9,808 - — 4,404 5 5

2l5i40| g *>79* 4 4 218,192 19 1 115*890 14 — 1,689 6 6 117,580 6

~ — 8,855 — — 4,764 7 10

i,oi8,92o 9,029 9 6 1,027,950 7 11 738,074 7 10 10,294 3 5 748,368 11 3

—— 49*3*7 - 37,382 4 —

1,018,9^0 jg 9,029 9 6 1,077,267' 7 11 738,074 7 10 10,294 3 5 785,750 *5 3

A. S, Hamond. Will". Rule. Geo. Marsh.

GENERAL TOTAL.

£. st V;

16,146 15 10

1,001 — 11

287,291 10 ia

16,472 ,3 7

294,453 *8 6

15,977 — 11

282,455 12 6

14,388 ii>. 1

23*943 1 5

1-1,028 14 3

328,255 — 6

14,212 5 5

335*772 I9 7

*3>619 7 10

i,776,3i8 IQ O

86,699 4 «f.

1,863,01^ 3 a

55 Geo. III. 13°

Accounts

pretested.

Duties on Coffee and Cocoa.

Tea*

Spirits.

Sweets.

Accounts

Jarefented*

Raisins imported and exported.

Lemons and

Oranges.

Sail Ad Oil.

Spermaceti

Oil.

Silk Knubs,

&c.

Mahogany, Ebony, &c.

Balks, Battens, Deals, See,

Coals exported.

164 230 Februariu A. 1795.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rix, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of Duties on Coffee and Cocoa, for Five Years, ended 5th 1794: And also. An Account of the Amount of Excise Duties on Tea, exclusive of the Surplus paid by the Customs and of the Drawback on Exportation, for Five Years, ended the 5th July 1794; and also an Account of the Drawback for the same Period: And also.

An Account of the Amount of Duties on Foreign ind British Spirits imposed in 1791, for Three Years, ended 5th July 1794: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Sweets, and the Amount of the Duty thereon, for Five Years, to the 5th July 1794.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further .0/Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

The said Accounts arc preferred among!!: the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Inspector General of the Imports and Expqrts of Great Britain, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of the several Sorts of Raisins imported into, and exported from, Great in the Years 1791, 1792* and 1793, with the Amount of Duties and Drawbacks paid or payable thereon; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Lemons and Oranges imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, in the Years 1791, 1792, and 1793} distinguishing each Year, with the Amount of Duties and Drawbacks paid or payable thereon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Sallad Oil imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, in the Years 1791> 1792, and 1793} distinguishing each Year, with the Amount of Duties and Drawbacks paid or payable thereon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Spermaceti Oil imported into, and exported from, Great Britain in the Years 1791. 1792, and 1793; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Silk Knubs and Hulks, and of Waste Silk, imported into, and exported from, Great Britain,in the Years 1791, 1792, and 1793} distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Mahogany, Ebony, Cedar, and Lignum Vit®, imported into, and exported from, Great Britainin the Years 1791. 1792, and 1793} distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Balks, Battens, Batten Ends, Beech Quarters, Deals, Deal Ends, Fir Quarters, Fir Timber, and Users, imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, in the Years 1791, 1792, and 1793; distinguishing each Year, with the Amount of the Duties and Drawbacks paid or payable thereon: And also, 1

An Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from Great Britain (except to Ireland, the British Colonies or Plantations, or the United States of America) in the Years 1791, 1792, and 1793; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of British Rock Salt exported from Great Britain, in the Years 1791, 179a, and 1793 j distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Wine, distinguishing the Sorts, imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, during the last Five Years j viz. frdm Christmas 1788 to Christmas 1793; and an Average of the Whole.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read;

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for inflicting a greater Punishm*nt on Persons who shall be convicted of the Crime of Bigamy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Agreement entered into with certain Officers for the raising Emigrant Corps, in pursuance of the Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reigri of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report of the Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, relative to a Sum of 15,750 paid to Colonel William Fullarton, in Re-payment of the Sums disbursed by him in 1780, in raising a Corps of Twelve Hundred Men, and other Services relative to a Secret Expedition, as mentioned In the Account of the Army Extraordinaries.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, *« An Act to «« enable H is Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island " might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Adtj and for better enabling His Majesty to establish such Court in the said Island: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Burton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the Whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Million Sixty-three Thousand Nine'hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces and other Services, incurred from the 25th Day of December 17 93 to the 24th Day of December 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum,not exceeding Four hundred Twency-seven thousand Two hundred Sixty-nine Pounds One Shilling 9 and

Rock Salt*

Wine imported and exported*

Bigamy Bill

committed.

CopyofAgree-mem forraifiag Emigrant Corps ordered*

Report relative to a Sum paid to Col. Fullarton, ordered.

Norfolk Island Judicature Bill ordered.

Report Supply*

Extraordinaries of the Army.

Regiments and Ccips 10 be raised.

35 Geo. III. 2 30 Februarii.

AdJrefs

Xloiicy.

Provision for Militia*

American and Bast Florida Sufferers.

Expences of Kir. Hastings's Brose^ution.

For fending Article* to New South Wales.

Mr. Campbell

fer Convict son Che Thames.

and Six Pence, be granted to His' Majesty, for the Charge of several Regiments and Corps to be raised for the Service of Great Britain, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to enable Subjects of France co enlist as " Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of

Europe, and in certain other Places, and to enable " His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such

Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions."

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-seven Thousand Six hundred Forty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been ifl'ued, by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathibg of the Militia, for the Year 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Four thousand Five hundred Forty-nine Pounds Six Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment of such Part of the Principal, and ln-terest thereupon, as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1795* on all the Orders made out, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Resolved, Thar, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand and Ninety-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereupon, as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of 1795,

on all the Orders made out, pursuant to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prose-cvnion against Warren Hajling, Esquire, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence, be grafited to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued for the Expence of fur,dry Articles sent to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Four hundred and Sixty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River and which has not been made good by Parliament,

Vol. L.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Bra<t:ry That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Four for Convtfu at hundred and Forty founds Five Shillings 2nd Eleven Portsmouth. Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and month Harbours, &c. and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowance* That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-Tour thousand g0J'ff^'r,can Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have fuft'ered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, French Pro-That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand and Fifty- St*

nine Pounds and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to H is Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to liam Chinnery, Esquire, out of His Majesty's Civil List:

Revenues, to be by him paid over to certain French Proprietors of the Island of Saint Domingo, to enable thym to go there.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, French That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-eight thousand RefuSee*

Four hundred and Ten Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued, at ^he Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to John Wilmot, Esquire, Robert Banks Jenkinson, Esquire, Sir William Pepper ell. Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, Members of the Committee for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, His Majesty'* That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Three Abroad. hundred and Thirty-five Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the 5th Day of January 1794 and the ^th Day of J 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Todlfcbarf* That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Sixty-eight Fee* on Ef-Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted ;n

to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which Nova Scotia, has been issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the &c*

Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to enable him to discharge Claims for Fees on Escheats and Forfeitures in the Province of Nova Scotia, and for other Services.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ForBufinej* That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand and Eighty- the*^ien* nine Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence Three Act; Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been ifl'ued to William Pollock and William Hujkijjon, F.squires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for an Allowance to a Superintendant appointed to attend the Business arising out of an passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, c< An Act for " establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving

in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain " Cafes," from the 10th Day of January 1793 to the nth Day of July 1794* and for Expences of Printing in Consequence of the above-mentioned Act* from the j;th Day of January 1793 to the 30th Day of April following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Sixty-nine the journals of Pounds and Nineteen Shillings, be granted to His the House of

3 Majesty, *

For Bufinefi done relative to Penitentiaiy Houses.

For the Board of Agriculture.

East India Company's # Officers Petition; and Memorials to be printed.

Report on recommitted Bill forraifing Men for the Navy further considered.

Committee of Ways and Means,

2 66

2 30 Februarii. A. 1795.

Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been Blued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil Lilt Revenues, to Ef-

quire, as an Allowance to himfaif, and Thomas , Gentleman, for continuing and perfecting the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to the Representatives of William Blackburn, Esquire, as a Compensation for his Trouble in making Designs for the Penitentiary Houses intended to have been built at the Public Expence, and for a Variety of other Business done relative thereto; and to Jeremy Bentham, Esquire, to enable him to make Preparations for the Custody and Care of the Convidls proposed to be confined in the Penitentiary Houses.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, nor exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year 1795.

The Thirteen first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourteenth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leading out the Words " Forty-nine thousand," and inserting the Words " Twenty-four thousand," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Three hundred and Thirty-five Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the $th Day of January 1794, and the 5th Day of 179$.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Petition of the Officers of the East India Company to His Majesty, from the Bengal Establishment; and also, of the several Memorials from the Officers serving in the East Indies to the Court of Directors, concerning their Rank, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Die of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in Great Britain, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, was re-committed;

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Houses to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr: Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty:

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between His Majesty and the King of Sardinia, signed at London, the 25th of April 1793; and Tranllation (which were presented to the House upon the 17th Day of June 1793), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums in " Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a " Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of " the National Debt."

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they'had directed him to report, when the House Will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for amending, widening, akering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Aylef-bury, through Princes Rifboroug to West Wycombe, and from thence to Red Barn, in the Parish of Great Marlow, all in the County of Buckingham, and also the Road from Princes Rifborough aforesaid to Thame, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bernard, Mr. Burton, &c.: And they are to meet this Evening at Eleven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly j and presented to the House,

A Petition

Committee of Supply,

Treaty with Sardinia referred.

Instru&on«

Aylcfbary and Marlow, &c. Roads Bill committed.

35 Geo. III.

2 30 — 240 FebruariL

i6j

Petition from the Corporation of Oxfoitf against Abingdon and T row* bridge Cana) Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Oxford, in the County of Oxford, in Common Council assembled.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Taking Notice of the Eill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River or

at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the intended Ken-net and Avon Canal, at or near the Town of bridge,\n the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are of Opinion that the said Canal, if eftefted, will be injurious to the City of Oxford, and to the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and , from the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wills, to the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, inasmuch as it will confidnably divert the Trade of the Navigation of those Rivers between the said Towns and from the said City of Oxford: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mar its, 240 die Februarii;

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

itouferefolve* (DESOLVEt), That this House will, at the Riling

Thuruiay-10 of the House this Day, adjourn till Morning next.

Eatington Inclosure and Church Bill committed*

Hamfgate Har* bour Account pt dented.

Accounts of N* of Men or Roys employed in Vessels belonging to the Customs, who enjoy Protections; and of VdTtls, &c. employed, pi eknied.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields within the Hamlets of Upper Eating-ton and Fulready, in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in

the County of Warwick; and for taking down and rebuilding the Church of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mcrdaunt. Sir George Augufus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Evans, Secretary to the Trustees of Ratnfgate Harbour, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ptirfuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Book, intituled, An Account of the Receipts " and Disbursements attending the Harbour of '* gate, from the 24th of ? 1793 to the 24th of " June 1704."

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Bock do lie upon the Table, to be peiufed by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Stffion.

The House being informed, that Mr. Pearson, from the Coir.ministers of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Men or Boys employed in any Vessel, Craft, Barge, or Boar, belonging to the Cuuoir.s, as well as the Number of Men who er.joy Protections from that Office: And also.

An Account of the Number of Vessels of Tonnage, and the Number of Boats and Row Galleys, em-

ployed by the Custom House, and the Hands employed therein.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Tudway presented to the House, according to Burnham Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, ly- p ente ing and being within the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining Abingdon and a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Jfis, at canal^Bili8* or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, committed, to join or communicate with the intended Avon Canal at or near the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Dundas, Sir William Dolben, &c. :'And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and for amending HorseleyUp-. and reducing into one Act the Powers, of Three several Ga,ean<1

_ , r % r, - c ivingidown

Acts, paned in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Hill RoadtBiU

King George the First, the Fourteenth Year of the comraiu*d.

Reign of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

and widening the Road from Horseley Upright,

leading down Bowden Bill, in the County of to

the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in

the said County, and several other Roads Jnear, or

adjoining to, the said Road, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ruddocke Wyndham, Mr. Goddard, &c.: 'And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of thp Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, ac- F'nfowr cording to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and ren- fng(a&c. rui der more effectual, an Act, made and passed in the presented. Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in " Repair, Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint,

in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor " of Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places " communicating with, or near to, the said Square,

and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain B«nwelllncio. Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being mUted.11 com~ within the Manor of Banwell, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tudway, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The

268

240 Febru

A. 1795.

Norwood and The House. was moved, That the Order, made upon

Cana'^Biu" ^ih ^ay In^ant for reading a

deferred. Second Time, upon Monday next, the Bill for making a Navigable Cue from Grand , in

the Precind of Norwood in the County of Middlesex, to Paddington, in the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged*

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 4th Day of March next.

Poor Removal Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, prevent the Removal of Poor Perfor.s until they shall become actually chargeable: And that Mr. Hyde East and Sir William Young do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition m

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and Patchet°and ot^er Inhabitants, of the Town of Shrewsbury, in the ifleworthCa- County of Salop, and the Neighbourhood thereof, mi Bill. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of Tbs Rails Head, in the Parish of in the County of

Middlesex: And praying. That che said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Member* *dd- Ordered, That Sir Edward Mr. Lambton,

ed to Commit- and Mr. Francis Annejley, be added to the Committee {"^Freemen* to whom the Petition of the Freemen of the City of of Cariifle. Carlisle, which was presented to the House, upon the aid Day of January last, is referred.

Voice* to D® Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee Committee. have Voices.

Report Way» and Means*

Raisins n Sim Wy Annuities*

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Eighteen Millions be raised by Annuities, in Manner following, that is to say: That every Contributor to the said Sum of Eighteen Millions shall, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of 100 in Annuities, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1795, and to be added to, and made One joint Stock with, the 3 per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subse-quer.t Acts, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England,at the same Time, and in the fame

Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities arc payable and transferable there: That rveiy Contributor ft 1 all also be entitled to the further Principal Sum of ,6. 33. 6 s. 8 in Annuities, after the Rate of ^.4 per Centum, to commence from the

10th Day of Odloher 1794, and to be added to, and made One joint Stock with, certain Annuities, after the Rate of £. $ per Centum, which were consolidated

by the Acts of the Twentieth, Twenty-first, Twenty-second. Twenty-third, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said jf. 4 Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable there: That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to an Annuity of Eight Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, to commence from the 10th Day of October 1794, and to continue for the Term of Sixty-five Years and a Quarter, and then to cease, over and above the Principal Sums of £. 100, after the Rate of 3 per Centum per Annum, and £. 33. 6 s. id. after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum, in respect of every £. 100 to be contributed and paid towards raising the said Sum of Eighteen Millions, which Annuity of Eight Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, so to continue for Sixty-five Years and a Quarter, shall be added to, and made One joint Stock with, certain Annuities payable at the Bank of England, which were granted for the several Terms of Ninety-nine, Ninety-eight, Eighty, Seventy-eight, Seventy-seven Years, Seventy-five Years and a Half, Sixty-nine Years and a Quarter, and Sixty-six Years and a Quarter, and were, by the Atts of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated, and made One joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be paid, payable, and transferrable at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the said Annuities so consolidated by the A£!s of the Fourth, Twentieth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are payable and transferrable at the said Bank of England: That the several Annuities, after the Rate of £. 3 per , £. 4 per Centum, and Eight Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund: That every Contributor shall, on or before the 27th Day of this Instant February, make a Deposit of £.10 per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to subscribe towards raising the said Sum of Eighteen Millions, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned, that is to say;

£. 10 per Centum on or before the 17 th Day of April

next;

£. 10 per Centum on or before the iath Day of June

next;

£. 10 per Centum on or before the 17th Day of July

next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 28 th Day of August next;

£.15 per Centum on or before the 23d Day of October next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 27 th Day of No-

vember next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 15th Day of January 1796:

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament: That every* Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the said Sum of Eighteen Millions, at any Time on or before the aotb Day of March 1795, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Centum per

Annum on the Sum so completing his or her Contri-7 bution

55 Geo. III. 240 Febr 160

burion respectively, ro bfc computed from the 23d Dav of January 1795 to the 15th Day of January 1796; and rhat every Contributor, who shall pay in the "Wh .]e of his or her Contribution Money as afore-fai;i, at any Time subsequent to the 20th Dav of March 1795, and previous to the 27th Day of November 1795, shall be allowed a like Interest, by Way of Discounc, after the Rate of 3 per Centum per Annum on the Sum so completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 15th Day of January 17961 That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of Eighteen Millions shall, in Proportion to every £. 100 so contributed and paid, be at Liberty to contribute the Sum of Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence to any Loan, not exceeding Six Millions Sterling, for the Service of the Emperor, which shall be made under the Guarantee of Parliament, for the Payment of the Dividends thereupon, by virtue of any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament: That, in case Provision shall not be made by any Act, to be p tfied in the present Session of Parliament, for such Guarantee of the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan for the Service, of the Emperor, every Contributor to the said Sum of Eighteen Millions shall, f>r every £, 100 contributed and paid, be entitled to a further Annuity of Four Shillingsper Ce»-tum, to commence from the ioch Day of October 1794, and to continue for the Term of Sixty-five Years and a Quarter, and then to cease, which shall be added to, and made One joint Stock with, the Annuity of Eight Shillings and Six Pence hereinbefore mentioned: Thar, in case Provision shall be made, by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, for such Guarantee for the Payment of the Dividends on the Loan for the Service of the Emperor to an Amount less than Six Millions Sterling, every Contributor to the said Loan of Eighteen Millions shall be entitled to a further Annuity, on every £. 100 so contributed to the said l oan of Eighteen Millions, in the Proportion of S'x Pence per Centum for every Seven hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling by which such Loan shall fall short of the said Sum of Six Millions Sterling, and shall also be at Liberty to contribute to such Loan for the Service of the Emperor a Sum which shall bear the fime Proportion to every One hundred Pounds contributed by such Contributor to the said Loan of Eighteen Millions, as the whole Amount of such Loan for the Service of the Emperor shall bear to the said Sum of Eighteen Millions.

Charging an Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, additional That an additional Duty of Twenty Pounds be Duiyon me. c|iargef| por every Ton cf Portugal or Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of , or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

jj^ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Thirty Pounds be charged for every Ton of all other Wine, which shall be imported into Great Britainand so in Proportion forany greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

D». Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Twenty Pounds be charged

for every Ton of Portugal or Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions . of the King of Spain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which, after the 23d Day of February 1795, 'n c^e Stock, Custody, or Pof-

fession, of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers cf, Foreign Wine.

Vol. L.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, charging an That an additional Duty of Thirty Pounds be charged ad !itional for every Ton of all other Foreign Wine, and so in Duty on Wmt' Proportion for any gteacer or less Quantity, which, after the 23d Day of February 1795,' be *n t^ie

Stock, Custody, or Possession; of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Drawback That a Drawback of Twenty Pounds per Ton be on Wine, granted upon the Exportation of Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of , or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spimported into Great Britain, and exported to any Place beyond the Seas as Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D®.

That Drawback of Thirty Pounds per Ton be granted upon the Exportation of all other Foreign Wine imported into Great Britain, and exported to any Place beyond the Seas as Merchandize.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An additional That an additional Duty of Ten Pence be laid upon on Btan"‘ every Gallon of Single Brandy imported into Great *

Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Brandy, above Proof, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An additional That an additional Duty of Eight Pence belaid upon ]^"yon Rutn* every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita?, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D %

That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita:, above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, imported into Great and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d»;

That an additional Duty of Eight Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum or Spirits, of the Produce of the British Plantations, which, on the 23d Day of February 1795, be ‘n an7 Warehouse in which the same shall have been put subject and according to the Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided in an Act of Parliament, made in the:

Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the Landing of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise and lodging the same in Warehouses, and which shall, from and after the said 23d Day of February, be delivered out of any such > Warehouse or Warehouses respectively, for Home Consumption, except such Rum or Spirits for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said 23d Day of.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jj®,

Thac an additional Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Rum or Spirits, over Proof, of the Produce of the British Plantations, which, on the said 23d Day of February 1795,

shall be in any such Warehouse, and which shall, from

and after the said 23d Day of Fe, be delivered

out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption,

except such Rum or Spirits for which all the Duties

payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said 23d Day of February 179;.

3 Z Resolved,

270

240 Febru

A. 1795,

An additional Duty on Spirits, &c.

D*.

An additional Duty on Waih.

D*.

D#.

D\

D# on D° produced by Sir W. Bishop, &c.

An additioral Duty on Made Wints.

A>. additional Omyon Tea.

ke/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Ten Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vitae (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid) imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Spirits, or Aqua Vitae (other than such Brandy, Rum, or Spirits, as aforesaid) above Proof, imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Dinics payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Penny be laid upon every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Con-l'umption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, and which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Penny be laid upon every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor, which shall be brewed or made, in that Part of Great Britain called from any Sort

or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before-mentioned) or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Penny Half-penny be laid upon every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, which shall be brewed or made, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Walt, which shall be brewed or made, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from-Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty at, and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings, be laid upon every Ninety-six Gallons of Wash which Sir

William Bishop, Argles Bishop, and George , or the Survivor or Survivors of them, shall produce from & Weight of Malt or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding One hundred and Twelve Pounds, and which shall not be aChially distilled into Spirits on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Re/clved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence parching be charged for every Barrel of Liquor which shall be made in Great Britain, for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

R/o.'ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum be laid upon all Tea which shall be fold in Great Britain, by the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to be computed upon the Gross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold.

' Re/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of the Duty be granted upon the Exportation of all such Tea, sold by the said United Company, and exported to any Place where; a Drawback of the Duty on Tea is now allowed by Law.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Six Pence Half-penny be charged for every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any BritiJJo Colony or Plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Ware-house in which the same shall have been lodged, under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for fe~ curing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged for every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable therein shall not be paid on or before the 23d. Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Six Pence Half-penny be charged for every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Eight Pence be charged for every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and for which all the Duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the 23d Day of February 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Drawback of Five Pence be granted upon the Exportation of Chocolate, which shall be made in Great Britain, of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America,imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be granted upon the Exportation of Chocolate, which shall be made in Great Britain, of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Raisins of the Sun imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be

allowed

A Drawback on Tea.

An additional Duty on Cocoa Nuts.

D*.

An additional Duty on Coffee

D %

An additional Drawback on Chocolate.

D°.

An additional DutyonRaiUnc of the Sun*

A Drawback on D®.

An additional Duty on Smyrna Raisins.

A Drawback on D*.

An additional Dnty on Lexia Raisins.

A Drawback on D®.

An additional Duty on i'aro Raisins.

A Drawback onD°.

An ndditidhal Duty on BH-tidere Raisins.

A Drawback on D*.

An additional Duty onDrma, kc, RaiGns.

A Drawback fioD*.

An additional l)uty on Lc-nons.

A Drawback onD*k

An additional Duty on Oranges.

A DrpwWk on D*.

An additional Duty on Sail ad Oil,

A Drawback fin Ds

An additional Duty on Silk Knubf, dec.

A Drawback n D°.

35 Geo. III.

2 4° Februarii.

allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Raisins of the Sun exported from this Kingdom.

Re/ohed, Thar it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Seven Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Smyrna Raisins imported into this Kingdom.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seven Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Smyrna Raisins exported from this Kingdom,

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Lexia Raisins imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Lexia Raisins exported from this Kingdom.

Rc/plved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Four Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Faro Raisins imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Faro Raisins exported from this Kingdom.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Shilling and One Penny be chargccf upon every One hundred Weight of Lipra, or Belvidere Raisins, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, Than it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and One Penny be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Lipra or Belvidere Raisins, exported from-this Kingdom.

Re/clvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence be charged upon every One hundred Weight of Denia Raisins, and of all other Raisins npt otherwise enumerated, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Three Pence be allowed upon every One hundred Weight of Denia Raisins, and of all other Raisins not otherwise enumerated, exported from this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThaGan additional Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One thousand Lemons imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One thousand Lemons exported from this Kingdom.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One thousand Oranges imported into this Kingdom.

Re/ohed, That it rs the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon every One thousand Oranges exported from this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Eleven Pence be charged upon every Gallon of Saliad Oil imported into this Kingdom.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback off.leven Pence be allowed upon every Gallon of Saliad Oil exported from this Kingdom.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Co'mrnittee, That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence be charged' upon every Pound, containing Sixteen Ounces, of S:l!t Knubs, or Hulks of Silk, imported into this Kingdom.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Two Pence be

allowed upon every Pound, containing Sixteen Ounces, of Silk Knubs, or Hulks of Silk, exported from this Kingdom. , .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable on Waste Silk imported into this Kingdom, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be charged upon every Pound, containing Sixteen Ounces, of Waste Silk imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Shilling and Four Pence be allowed upon every Pound, containing Sixteen Ounces, of Waste Silk exported from this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny Half-penny be charged upon every Foot Square, superficial Measure, of Mahogany imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Penny Half-penny be allowed upon every Foot Square, superficial Measure, of Mahogany exported from this Kingdom.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pounds be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifcy-two Gallons, of Spermaceti Oil, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pounds be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of Spermaceti Oil, exported from this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Pound Six Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Balks, being Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Six Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Balks, being Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards, having been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Ten Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Balks, under Five Inches Square and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe. *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Balks, under Five Inches Square and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, having been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Thirreen Shillings and Three Pence be charged upon every One hunched, containing Six Score, of Battens, being Fight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Twenty here in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Battens, being Eight Feet in Length, and not exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Two'Inches Three Quarters in Thickness,

having

Di (continuing the Duties on Watte Silk.

Charging a Duty on Waste Silk.

A Drawback on D".

A Duty on Mahogany.

A Drawback on D

A Duty on SpermacetiOft.

A Drawback on

An additional Duty on Balks.

A Drawback n D*»

An additional Duty on Balks.

A Drawback on D°.

An additional Duty on Battens.

A Drawback on D*.

An additional Duty on Battens.

A Drawback on D*.

An additional Duty on Batten Ends.

A Drawback ou D\

An additional Duty on Batten Ends.

A Drawback on D°.

An additional Duty on Beech Quarters.

A Dra*fcack

on D\

An additional Duty on Beech Quarters*

A Drawback a D".

272 240 Februarii. . 1795.

haring been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Pound Six Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Battens, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, or if exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thick -ness, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved,'That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Six Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Battens,exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, or if exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, having been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Four Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and not exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Th at a Drawback of Four Shillings and Five Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Batten Ends, under Flight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and‘not exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, having been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in -Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Batten Ends, under Eight Feet in Length, not above Seven Inches in Width, and exceeding Two Inches Three Quarters in Thickness, having been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Pound Six Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Quarters, being Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Six Shillings and Six pence be allowed upon the Exportation of everyOne hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Quarters, being Four' Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twenty-four Feet in Length, or upwards, having been imported into this Kingdom from any Parr of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Ten Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Beech Quarters, under F'ive Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score of Beech Quarters, under l ive Indies Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in

Length, having been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinton of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding Four Indies in Thickness, having been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Five Pounds and Nineteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pounds and Nineteen Shillings be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, exceeding Twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding Four Inches in Thickness, having been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comrpittee, That an additional Duty of One Pound Six Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Pound Six Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet inJLength, and not above Twenty Feet in Length, and not exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness, having been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pounds and Thirteen Shillings be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Twenty Feet in Length,'and exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Two Pounds and Thirteen Shillings be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deals, above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Twenty Feet in Length, and exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness, having been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deal Ends, above Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in.Length, and not exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thickness, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred, containing Six Score, of Deal Ends, above Seven a Inches

An additional Duty on Dealt.

A Drawback oa Dv.

An additional Duty on Deals.

A Drawback on D°.

An act 'Mona) DutyonDejif*

A Drawback on D°«

An additiomal Duty on Peals.

A Drawback on D°.

An additional Duty on Deal Ends.

A Drawback on D®.

An additional Duty on Deal Ends.

A Drawback on D°.

An additional Duty on Fir Quarter*.

A Drawback

D*.

An additional

Dory on Fir Quarters*

A Drawback on D«.

n additional Duty or. Fir Timber.

A Drawback OB D°.

Discontinuing the Duties on Mailt.

Charging a Duty on Mails imported in British Ships.

D* on D° imported in Foreign Ships.

35 Geo. III. 240 Februarii. 173

Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, wards, imported into this Kingdom in a Foreign and not exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thick- Ship.

refs, having been imported into this Kingdom from Resolve, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Allowing: a any Part of Europe. Thac a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Eight Pence

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be allowed upon every Load, containing Fifty Cubic e<j.a *exJ?

That an additional Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Feet, of Mails, being Twelve Inches in Diameter or Eight Pence be charged upon everyOne hundred, upwards, exported from this Kingdom.

containing Six Score, of Deal Ends, above Seven Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An additional Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Length, That an additional Duty of One Pound Six Shillings Dutyo* Vier*. and exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in Thick- and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, ness, imported into this Kingdom from any Part of containing Six Score, of Users, being Five Inches Europe. Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if Twency-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, four Feet in Length or upwards, imported into this That a Drawback of Seventeen Shillings and Eight Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of everyOne ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Drawback hundred, containing Six Score, of Deal Ends, above That a Drawback of One Pound Six Shillings and Six onl3#*

Seven Inches in Width, being under Eight Feet in Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of everyOne Length, and exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in hundred, containing Six Score, of Users, being Five Thickness, having been imported into this Kingdom Inches Square, and under Eight kiches Square, or if from any Part of Europe. Twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards, having

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of That an additional Duty of One Pound Six Shillings Europe.

and Six Pence be charged upon every One hundred, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Duty on containing Six Score, of Fir Quarters, being Five That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Eight Pence be User*»

Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or if charged upon every One hundred, containing Six Twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards, imported Score, of Users, being under Five Inches Square, and: into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe. under Twenty-four Feet in Length, imported into this

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

That a Drawback of One Pound Six Shillings and Six Resolve, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, APrawback

Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Eight Pence on

hundred, containing Six Score, of Fir Quarters, being be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hun-

Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, dred, containing Six Score, of Users, being under Five

or if Twenty-four Feet in Length or upwards, having Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in Length,

been imported into this Kingdom from any Part of having been imported into this Kingdom from any

Europe. Part of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Duty o*

Thar an additional Duty of Ten Shillings and Eight That a Duty of One Penny be charged upon every R°ckSait.

Pence be charged upon every One hundred, contain- Bushel, containing Sixty-five Pounds Weight,of ing Six Score, of Fir Quarters, being under Five Rock Salt exported from this Kingdom.

lrches Square, and under Twenty four Feet in Length, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An additional imposed 'ntorhis Kingdom from any Part of Europe. That an additional Duty of Four Shillings and Seven Duty on Coal* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pence be charged upon every Chalder of Coals, "P011*

That a Drawback of Ten Shillings and Eight Pence cajlleMeafure, exported from this Kingdom to any be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hun- Place, except to the Isle of Man, any

d ed, containing Six Score, of Fir Quarters, being under Colony or Plantation in America, or to the United Five Inches Square, and under Twenty-four Feet in States of Am I ength, having been imported into this Kingdom from Resolve, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, p*. any Part of Europe. That an additional Duty of One Shilling and Ten

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pence be charged upon every Ton of Coals, contain-Thac an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Four ing Twenty Hundred Weight, exported from this Pence be charged upon every Load, containing Fifty Kingdom, to any Place, except to the Isle of

Cubic Feet, of Fir Timber, and Timber of all other Man, any British Colony or Plantation in America, of Sorrs (except Oak Timber and Timber of Ireland) to the United States of

being Eight Inches Square or upwards, imported into Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An additional this Kingdom from any Part of Europe. That for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or A®'*

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sheet, or Piece of Paper, upon which any Affidavit for That a Drawback of Three Shillings and Four Pence which the Stamp Duty of Six Pence is payable, by vir-be allowed upon the Exportation of every Load, con- tue of an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the taining Fifty Cubic Feet, of Fir Timber, and Timber Reign of his late Majesty, there shall be charged an of all other Sorts (except Oak Timber and Timber of additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence.

Ireland)being Fight Inches Square or upwards, hav- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, &*. ing been imported into this Kingdom from any Part That for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment* or of Europe. Sheet, or Piece of Paper, upon which any Copy of such

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Affidavit as is before charged, that shall be filed or That the Duties payable on Masts being Twelve Inches read in any Court, shall be ingrossed, written, or in Diameter or upwards, imported into this Kingdom, printed, there shall be charged the additional Stamp do cease, determine, and be no longer paid. Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An additional That a Duty of Ten Shillings for every Load, con- That for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parch- DurV0*"Df~ taining Fifty Cubic Feet, be charged upon all Masts, ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be winiefils" being Twelve Inches in Diameter or upwards, im- ingossed, printed, or written, any Deposition or De- >n Scotland, ported into this Kingdom in a British-b\i\\tShip. positions of a Witness or Witnesses, taken in any

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cause or Suit before the Court of Sessions, or Com-That a Duty of Ten Shillings and Six Pence for every million of Teinds, or Court of Admiralty in Load, containing Fifty Cubic Feet, be charged upon or Commissary Court of , or in any Civil

all Masts, being Twelve Inches in Diameter or up- Cause before any inferior Court in or where-

Vol. L. 4 A upon

274

24° Februarii.

A. 1795.

upon any Affidavit, or written Deposition produced in Insurance, as far as the same relate to Life or Sea the Court of Exchequer in Scotland,shall be ingrossed, Insurances, shall be repealed.

An tckUtionil Duty on Writs, Subpoenas, ice.

printed, or written, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be IngrolTed, written, or printed any Original Writ (except such Original upon which a Writ of Capias ilfues) Subpoena, Bill of Middlesex, Latitat, Writ of Capias, Quominus, Writ of Dedimus Potestatem, to take Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ whatsoever, or any other Process or Mandate that shall issue out or pass the Great Seals of any of the Courts at Westminster, Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, Courts in the Counties Palatine, or any other

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That upon every Sum paid,'or contrafted to be paid, as a Premium for the Insurance of any Sum or Sums, depending on any Event or Contingency relative to a Life or Lives, there shall be charged a Sum equal to One-tenth Part of such Premium.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committ.de, That for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Insurance of a Ship or Ships, or Goods, Merchandizes, or other Property, on Board a Ship or Ships, shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, there shall be charged the Stamp Duties following upon the Sums insured, that is to say; where the Sum to be insured

Charging a Sum on Life Insurances*.

Ceitain Duties on luiuriuces of Ships, &c.

Court whatsoever, holding Plea where the Debt or Da- shall amount to too, a Stamp Duty of Two Shil-

An additional Duty on Agreements.

mage doth amount to Forty Shillings or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value (Writs of Covenant h>r levying Fines, Writs of Entry for fufiering Common Recoveries,* and Writs of Habeas Corpus, always excepted) there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

lings and Six Pence, and lb progressively for every Sum of £, 100 infured} and where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to f. too, a like Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence; and where the Sum to be insured shall exceed f. 100, or any progressive Sums of £. 100 each by any fractional Part of £. too, a like Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence

That for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parch- for such fractional Part of £. 100; which several Du-

Repealing the Exeeptiou on Bonds.

ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Agreement shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, for which the Stamp Duty of Six Shillings is payable, by virtue of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exception in the Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as far

ties shall be payable and paid by the Allured in such Insurances respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, obliging ftt* That every Person who shall use or wear any Powder, font ufingHair commonly called Hair Powder, of whatever Materials the same shall be made, shall previously enter his or her Name and Place of Abode with the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or the Town

Powder 10 take out Certificates,

Riding,

An additional Duty on Indentures, Leases, Jse.

as the same relates to any Bonds given as Security for of Berwick upon Tweed, or with the Sheriff Depute or the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, amount-to One hundred Pounds, or any less Sum, shall be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be' ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, for which a

Stewart Clerk in Scotland, of the County,

Shire, Stewartry, or Place where such Person shall re-lide, and Annually take out a Certificate thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Chsrging, That upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or cwtifica^f* Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate, issued to any such Person, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Stamp Duty of One Shilling is payable, by virtue of One Pound and One Shilling.

an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign Resolved,' That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Regulation*

of His present Majesty, there shall be charged an act- That no Letter or Packet, directed by any Member of pfpef.,ng

j: ___10^_____________________________ w ___ u____A.. o~_i:_______ n.l~ _ ranking

An additional Duty on Probate* of Wills, &«

An additional Duty on Receipts.

ditional Stamp Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration, for any Estate of or above the Value ofj£. 1,000 over and above all other Rates and Duties already impoled thereon, there shall be charged a further additional Duty of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings} and where 'the Estate is of or above the Value of a,oooo, a further additional Duty of Two Pounds1 and Ten Shillings; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of^. 5,000, a further additional Duty of Five Pounds; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of £. 10,000, a further additional Duty of Ten Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to £. 100, and not amounting to yf. 500, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, over and above all other Rates and Duties already imposed thereon, there shall be charged an additional Duty of Six Pence; and where the same shall

D*.

either of the Two Houses of Parliament, shall be Letters, exempted from the Duty of Postage, unless the Member whose Name shall be indorsed thereon, shall actually be in such Poll Town, or within the Limits of the Delivery of Letters for such Pott Town, on the Day on which the same shall be put into the Poll Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Letter or Packet, which shall be sent by the Poll to any Member of either House of Parliament,

shall be exempted from the Duty of Postage, unless such Member shall actually be in London, or within Ten Miles of the General Poll Office, on the Day on which such Letter or Packet shall be received at the General Poll Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Member of either House of Parliament shall be allowed to fend by the Poll, free from the Duty of Postage, more than Ten Letters in any One Day, nor received by shall be allowed to receive, free from the said Duty, Member* more than Ten Letters in any One Day.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Packet or Cover, containing therein any Paper with Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff, or other Goods, or any Sample of any other Sort of Thing

Regulation respc£ting the N° of Letters to be sent or

D° respecting Pattern* of Cloth, &c, sent by the Poll.

Repealing the L'utici on Policies of Iniu-tsnee.

amount to £. 500 or upwards, there shall be charged not exceeding together One Ounce in Weight, shall a further additional Duty of One Shilling. be charged with no higher Rate of Postage than as a

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, single Letter, so as the same be sent open at the Sides, That the present Stamp Duties payable on Policies of and without any Writing within such Packet or

Cover,

55 Geo. Ill*

14" — i6° FebrUarii.

X>° tcfpfccting

Weight, &c. of Letters di-rected by or to Membtrsh

Cover, other thin the Prices of the Articles contained therein.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That no Letter or Packet, lent by the Poll from any Place within the Kingdom of directed

by or to any Member of either House of Parliament* shall be exempted from the Payment of the Duties df Postage, if such Letter or Packet' shall exceed Thfrce Quarters of an Ounce in Weight, or if such Lettes night, the $th Day of hext.

Packet shall contain more than One Inclosure

Ordered, That the Bill to arhehd so rtiiith bf an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First* intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlerrtentj Employment* and Relief, of the Poor," as prevents the distribin-ing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses* under certain CircUrttfiances and in certain Cafes* be read a Second Time upon Seven-

day appointed for Second Reading of Poor delict tiiU.

or Packet shall contain more herein. x

The One hundred and Fifteen first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The One hundred and Sixteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time *

And the Question being pur, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution The House divided.

The Noes were directed-t® go forth*

Bill for raising Men for the Navy resumedt

Tellers for the Yeas, JJn \

«r

The House, according to Order* resumed the ad^ Adjourned jobrned Consideration of the Report from the Com- 0f°Report on* mittee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill for reis* te-commiued ing a certain Number of Men* in the several Counties in Great Britain, for the Service of His Majesty's Natty, was re-committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments made By the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Questiort severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House;

A Clause was offered to be added to the fcill, for f The Lord Sheffield, . obliging Persons keeping Men Servants to provide i t Men for the Purposes of the Bill in Proportion to the

Number of Servants which they keep.

And the Question being put* That the said Clause be brought up*

It palfed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, being a Schedule of the Form of Proceedings.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon

49-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was refotved in the Affirmative.

The One hundred and Seventeenth Resolution of the Committee beirtg read a Second Time* an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Words " any Member of either House of Parliament," the Words " directed to him in London'*

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House, put thereupon, agreed to by the House. to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill*

mittee in the said Resolution, so amended. That no to limit the Time of Service*

Letter or Packet, which shall be sent by the Pod to And the said Clause was Twice read) and, upon any Member of either House of Parliament, directed the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to him in London, shall be exempted from the Duty to be made Part of the Bill.

of Postage, unless such Member shall actually be in London, or within Ten Miles of the General Poll Office, on the Day on which such Letter or Packet shall be received at the General Poll Office.

The One hundred and Eighteenth and One hundred and Nineteenth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time* several Amendments were pro-

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with, the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tbkrjday Morning next* if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider

posed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words further of the Supply granted to His Majesty* be re-..... — . — ccived upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next. Ten of the Clock*

" One Inclol'ure" and inserting the Words Two " Inclosures" instead thereof;

the Question being put, Inclosure" Hand Part of

That the Words the said Refolu*

And 4t One tion;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

TeHers for the Noes, »

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. j j that their Address of Friday last (that His Ma-

Ordered, That a Bill, or . Bills, be brought in upon jesty would be graciouffy pleased to give Directions* the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the House: And that a Copy of the Subsidiary Treaty concluded be-that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of tween His Majesty and the Duke bf Brun/wick, might

Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, be laid before this House) had been presented to His Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him General, Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Hobart, to acquaint this House* that He will give Directions do prepare, and bring in, the fame. accordingly;

Mr.

JovtS) 26* dit FebrUarii j Anno 35* Georgii III. M Regis, 1795*

Pit AY E&$.

LORD Viscount Stbpfbrdreported to the House, AntWw» that th( ‘ - ‘

Has field Inclosure Bill presented.

Reading Paving, See, Bill reported*

Montrose Two-Penny Sects Petition reported*

276 26° Februariu . 1795.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hasfield, in the County of And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

RJolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Francis Annejleyreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Footways in the Borough of Reading, in t he County of , for better

repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Paffiges, and Places in the said Borough, and for removing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone, through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Allardyce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town Council, of the Burgh of Montrose in North was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three Atts, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with frefti Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, were read. — And,

A Member present informed your Committee, that the Monies arising from the said Duty, have been faithfully applied; by the Trustees, to the Intents, Uses, and Purposes, as by the said Acts are directed; but that the same cannot be completed, and the Public Debts of the Town paid off, nor Funds obtained for building and maintaining a new Pier, which it will be necessary to erect on the North West Side of the Harbour of Montrose, without a further Continuance of the said Duties.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or loid within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Allardyce and Mr. David Scott do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Stroud, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails*

Head, in the Parish of Isleworth, in the 'County of

Middlesex:And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. T\udway reported from the Committee, to whom P«e», &e. the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons „poited!B or Waste Lands in the Parishes of Frees, Moreton Say, and Stanton upon Hineheath, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at £. 6. 18 s.3 d. who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands assessed at io.

15 s.8 d.who declared themselves neuter; and that

the whole Property intended to be inclosed is affelted at £.319. 3 s. d.‘, and that no Person appeared

before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of William Lewis and William Taitt, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Pro- Dowu!*°Fiir-prietors of Dowlais Furnaces at Merthyr Tidvill, in the nac" *gaia® County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and Abernan"* read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing the Road Bill. Road from the Neath Turnpike Road at, or near,

Abemant, through Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Public Roads near in the County of Brecon; And setting forth, That, upon a Perusal of the fame, the Petitioners conceive that several Clauses inserted therein will tend to injure the Iron Mines belonging to the Petitioners at Merthyr Tidvill aforesaid, and deprive them of the Benefit of certain Railways made by the Petitioners at a great Expence, under an Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidvill aforesaid, to a Place called The Bank, near the Town of Cardiff, in the said County of Glamorgan, should the same be permitted to pass into a Law: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel,

Solicitor, or Agent, respecting such Clauses contained in the before-mentioned Bill, in the Committee of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agent, before the 6 said

Petition in favour of Datche^and Hie worth

Canal Sill*.

tutor., West-wood Gate, fend St. Alban* Roads Petition reported*

ParTington and West Auckland Road Bill presented.

Wrotham

Heath and Maidstone Road Bill committed*

55 Geo. lit. 160 Februdni. 277

said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King. George the First, the Sixteenth and Twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County, and from

Luton to Saint Alban's, in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read. — And,

Mr. Thomas Kidman being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act-S and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to West-wood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. St. John and Mr. OJborn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Roads from Darlington to West Auckland, in the County of Durham, and several other Roads in the same County therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of Maidstone, in the said County, and for making a Road from the said Road between Wrotham and Maidfone into the present Turnpike Road leading from Mereworth to Hadlczv, in the said County;

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Thac the Bill be committed to Sir Edward

Knatchbull, Mr. Wallace, &c.: And they are to meet

V OL. hi

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom winterWne. the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and uponid.' Grounds, in the Parishes of Winter Earls, and Allington, in the County of Wilts,was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of One Yard Land; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be divided and allotted consists of 56 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill).; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques--tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bfi ingrossed.

Mr. Coke of Norfolk reported from the Committee, EastLrx'iam to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing !"(l ®rMt the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year .{Xu Sill , or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within reported, the Parishes of East Lexbam and Great in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had; been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had giveil their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Proprietors of 147 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Property intended to be inclosed consists of 2,585 Acres and 29 Perches, or thereabouts; and thac no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the Ftoufe, accord- w;ean and ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and al- gafpiefoiwcL tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, widening and amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston;in the County Palatine of LancajleriAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read.a Second Time.

Mr. Hyde East presented to the House, according to poo«-Removal Order, a Bill to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons Bill presented, until they shall become actually chargeable: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

4 B , Refolvtd,

Bifctry and Twyford inclosure Bill ae ported.

Dr. Good-enough thanked. P

Minehead

Writ.

Report Supply.

Sum to the Bank for Reduction of National Debt.

To make good Engagements with the King of Sardinia.

Committee on Land Tax Commissioners Bui.

278

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

t

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Bintry and in the County of Norfolk, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 109 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Property intended to be inclo'ed cor fills of 1,953 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Coip-mittee to oppose the' Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend DoCW Good-enough, for the Sermon by him preached Yeftrnlay, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, (Westminster: and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Hiley Addington and Mr. Gordon do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, tn the room of the Right honourable George Parker, commonly called Lord Viscount Parker, now £arl of Macclesfield, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refutations which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make good His Engagements with the King of Sardinia.

The said Refutations being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, <c An Act for

A. 1795.

" granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand-Seven hundred and Ninety-five," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobhrt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River ‘Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isle-worth, in the County of Middlesex, which, from its projected Course, will pass through Part of the Manor and Farm of Yeoveney,the Estate of the Petitioners, and be, as they are advised, greatly detrimental thereto, and to the Lcffee thereof, and also to the Occupier of the said Farm: And rh refore pray ing, Thar they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; and that they mav have such Relief in the Premises, as to the H >ufr shall seem meer.

Ordered,-That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time;' and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fir.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 13th Day o i January lad, for taking into Consideration upon Tuesday next, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Citjr and Liberty of Westminster, respecting the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty, might b« read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 12th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty oi Westminster.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Friday last, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for requiring the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to Great Britain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved,

i 6° Februarii.

Petition frortk the Dean and Chapter of Westminster against Ditchet and Isleworth Canal Bill.

Westminstef Petition respecting the Right of Elec-lion deferred*

Bill for requiring Owner* of ShipstofumUk Men for the Nary, re-coin* routed.

5 Geo. lit. i6° — 270

« 1

Resolved, That the said Bill be recommitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Bill for railing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Nav^passed. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in Great Britain, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing, that where further Time is allowed for railing Men, further Time shall be allowed for the Appeal.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that if any Distridc or Place does not contribute to the County Rate, their Payment is to be ascertained by the Number of inhabited Houses.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were fevetally proposed to be made to the Bill t

Pr. 2.1. 9. After to insert u with the

City and County of the City of *< Exeter"

Pr. 7.1. it* To leave out " in'* and insert " for'* instead thereof.

I. 13. To leave out " in" and insert " for* instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questiod severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass t And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deffre their Concurrence.

Cowpiaint re* Complaint being made to the House, That the Writ*

f-^gKirk. which was issued on the 15th Day of January last, for Writ8 the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, had not yet been executed.

The Messenger attending the Great Seal, being at the Door, was called in; and, at the Bar, examined in relation to his having delivered the said Writ to the Agent of the Person claiming the Right to execute the fame.

And being withdrawn;

The laid Agent was also called in; and, at the Bar, examined in relation to his having received the said Writ from the Messenger attending the Great Seal, and his delivery thereof to the Person by whom he was employed, and who, as Sheriff Principal of the said Stewartry, claimed to have the Execution thereof.

And then he was' directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, the 12th Day of March next.

Bill for grant- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-Dufiel'of Cuf- ^er* a Bill for granting additional Duties of Customs tomlpreiented*. on the several Articles therein mentioned; Artd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/oived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Februatiu 179

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Resolution whichj upon the 1 ft Day of May 1792, was reported from the j£,f] f0"‘t, Jie. Committee of the whole Housei to whom it was re- Abolition of ferred to consider of Measures to be taken for the TnuieVputotf Abolition of the Trade carried on by Sub- for SixMontht.

jettsforthe Purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read;

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, from and after the ift Day of " January 1796, it shall not be lawful to import any African Negroes into anjr British Colonies or Plantations."

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given td bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at

a Time to be limited i

{ . 9 . 4

And the Question being proposed, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House j

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Six Months.

The House divided;

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

/ f Mr. Edward

1 ellers for the Noes. < Eliot, I 61.

(Mr. William Smith J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Td-riiorroij Morning, Ten of the Clock.

—; ----- ----- ----- ---- - . ----- ---- — -i

Veneris, 27* die Februarii;

Anno 35# Georgii IIP11 Regis, 179$.

Prayer).

A PETITION of the federal Person), Whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners &c.

and Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Estates, in the in Eatington Parish of Eatington, in the County of Warwick, and of several other Persons, Freeholders; Land Owners, and Chuch Occupiers of Land, and other Inhabitants; of several Bill* other Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood of Eatington aforesaid, in the Counties of;

Worcester, and Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Op?n and Common Fields within the Hamlets of Upper Eatington, and Fulready, in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in the County of *

and for taking down and re-building the Church of the said Parish; And setting forth, That the said Bill contains certain Clauses for the laying out One new Road therein specially described, and for flopping up* and discontinuing, certain ancient Roads and Footpaths within the said Parish, and also certain other Clauses, relative to the Inclosure of the said Operi and Common Fields, which will* if carried into Ef-sett, be prejudicial to the Petitioners and other Inhabitants of the said Parish of Ealington and it) Neighbourhood, and productive of great Inconvenience to the Public: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Powers in the said Bill* and i that

Petition from Person* whole Friends huve been interred at Eatington against Eatington Inclo-ftne and

Church Bill.

Cirencesterand Birdlip Hill Road Petition reported.

i8'o

17° Febfuarii.

A. 1795.

tfiat the same may not pass as it now stands j or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose N^mes are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Houses; Lands, and Estates, in the Parish of Rating-ton, in the County of Warwick, and also of several other Persons, whose Ancestors, Relations, or Friends, have been interred in the Church, Chancel, or Church Yard of Eatington aforesaid, was also preferred to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; And setting forth. That although she present Parish Church of Eatington aforesaid is an ancient Structure, yet, in the most material Parts, it is a very substantial Fabrick, and capable of being repaired, and rendered in all Respects sufficient for the Use of the said Parish at a small Expence, and the Removal thereof as proposed to be done by the said Bill, is nbt necessary for the Convenience or Accommodation of the Parishioners; and that the taking down of the said Chlirch and Chancel, and vesting the Materials, and Scite thereof, together with the Cemetery or Church Yard thereto belonging, in a private Individual, will occasion considerable Uneafiriefs and Distress to such of the Petitioners whose Ancestors, Relations, and Friends have, from Time to Time, been interred therein: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as relates to the removing of the said Parish Church, and the Disposal of the Scite thereof, and of the Church Yard thereto belonging, and that the said Bill may not pass with any Powers in it for those Purposes j or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Com-rpittee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards' delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth " Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road <c from Cirencester, in the County of , to

" Birdlip Hill in the said County," was read: And,

Mr. ‘Thomas Lediard, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

enlarge the Term atjd Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip in the said County: And that Mr. John Pitt, Captain Berkeley, and Mr. Master, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to c;,..n«fterind whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Sr. John's Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Petition rt-Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Pottt<1*

Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Re* port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repealing so much of the Act of the " Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Thirteenth Year of 1m late Majesty " King George the First, for repairing the Roads " from Cirencester Town's End, to Saint John's Bridge,

" in the County of Gloucester, as directs that the Jnhabitants of the several Parishes and Hamlets therein named, shall pass Toll fiee; and for re- pairing the Street from the High Cross in >

to the Town's End there; and for other. Purposes

" therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Term ** and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts," was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Lediard, being examined, said. That a, considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged.

And the Witness added. That it will be a great Accommodation, to all Persons who have Occasion to pass on the said Road, through the Towns of Cirencester, Fairford, and Leachlade, to have the same lighted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Fifteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George. the Second, for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and certain other Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr.

John Pitt, Captain Berkeley, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to Thames and whom the Pecition of the Commissioners, appointed isis Navigation for putting into Execution the several Acts of Parliament made for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklaae, in

the County of V/ilts,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation Bills, had been complied with; but that it appeared to the Committee, that the Honourable Mrs. Keppel, who, in the Paper of Assents, Dissents, and Neuters, is stated as Neuter, had signified her Intention of consenting

to

35 Geo. lit.

27° Februariii

281

to the Bill, on certain Conditions 1 and, that it also appeared, that no.Answer had yet been received to-, the Memorial presented to the txirdsof the Treasury, respecting His Majesty's Land; and that the Com--mictce had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Housej and he read the Re- . port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at . the Clerk's T?ble: Where the same was read, and is as folio weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; le-. veral Acts made for the Improvement of the l?Javigar . tion of the Rivers Thames and from the Jurisdic-' tion of the City of London, near in the County of Middlesex,to the Town of in the County,

of Wilts, were read And,

Mr. Henry Aiinutt, Clerk to the Commissioners, being examined, said, That they have borrowed the Sum of £ 53,700, and expended that as well as the. Tolls which have been collected. In divers Works /or. the Improvement.of the Navigation between Staines and Leachiade. ,.; ,

Mr. John Treacher, One of the Surveyors of the Navigation, being examined, feid, That by reason such Improvements, the Prie.e of the Carriage of Goods has been reduced, and the Navigation ren-, dered more safe and expeditious.

Mr. John Clarke "1 Surveyors of the Navigation,

.. j being examined, said, That in>

Trvchr, Jthe s=ccond Dll(ria of th(. slid

Navigation, between the 'City Stone, and Lock, there are divers Shoals, Currents, and Impediments to the Navigation which cannot be Jo xd-vantageously removed or remedied, as by erecting; Pound Locks, where necessary.

Mr. Allnutt, being again examined, said, That the Money authorized to be raised by the former Acts, will be fuffleient for erecting the Locks proposed, and making all necessary Improvements on the Navigation, except the purchasing the Tolls payable, at the old Locks, Weirs, and Winches.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act: passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, " amend, and enlarge, the Powers of so much of Two; " Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years "of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and I/is, from the City of London to the *Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as re- lates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the «f Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, ntiTStaines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said " Town of Cricklade ,'* and for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Vansittart and Sir John Call do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Edition in A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the favour of Calderand Hehblt Navigation, was presented to the

Brook^saddle- House, and read; Setting forth. That it appears -b y worth, &c. the V otes, that a Bill is depending for, making and Rond* Bill. maintaining a Turnpike Road from

within Oldham, through Crompton and Butterworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and through Saddle-worth, Rufbworth, , and Barkifland, to Ripponden, all in the West Riding of the County of Yorkj, and for making and maintaining a Branch from V ox*.

and out of . the said intended Turnpike Road aj, for near, Denjhdvo,through, or near, certain Places'Called _

Unfits and Delph, to or near a certain Plate' tailed *

Brownhill, all within Saddleworth aforesaid, and also: for making and maintaining another Branch from and , out of the said intended Turnpike Road atl or pear, 1 \ .

Grains, to Delph, bdkh.witijin Saddleworth if,presaid,:1 And praying. That thfc' fJid Bill tnay past ihto Z J Law. ,.. , 7

Ordered, That the said' Petition do lid' upon . ehb1 Table.' / ' V' ' ' - r;'- " /

Mr. Powys reported froriri the Chriimlttrt:, towhottj T«Ktfler,(. th'e Petition o f George Earl of Pomfrel;~and.x.\\t hum- ^oa^r^t*t‘t*on ble Petition of several Gentlemen; Freeholders,'and others, of the County of Northampton, Was referred;*

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike . Bills, ha,d been complied with# and that the.

Committee had examined the Matter of tiic said' Pe-" tition, and had d i rested him to report the fame, as ir7 appeared to them, to the House;' and he read the'

Report in'his'Place; and afterwards delivered it in'at^ the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz. ' .'

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.'

William Tyler Smith being examined, said; That tHeJ Road leading from ToWcester, to, the Turnpike Road in' Cotton End,in the Parish of Hardingfton, in the said-County, is much out of Repair, and in many Parti" narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectoally amended, widbned, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill' for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading frofa Towcejier to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardikgfton, in the'

County of Northampton: And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the farhe.-

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Hull Smd

whom the Petition of the several Terlbns, whose *'*|"?nt* Names are thereunder written, was referred; That port*'1* the Committee had examined the Matter of the said >

Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and'he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Atftroppe Stovin, being examined, said. That the*

Avenues to the South Side of the Dock or Bason, and Legal Quay, are inconvenient to many of the Merchants and Persons having Occasion to resort thereto; aind that many of the Houses and Buildings in Mughouse Entry, and White Dog Entry, in the said

Town, and in certain Places contiguous thereto, art in a ruinous Condition; and that taking down the said Entries and Places contiguous thereto, and making a new Street from Whitefriar Gate, to the!

South, End of Quay Street, would not only be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the Town, but to <he Public in general. That thejPetitioners and other Persons are desirous at their own Expence, to make such new Street, and erect Houses and Buildings on each Side thereof, but that several Houses, Buildings, and Ground necessary to be purchased, belong tt* .

Public Charities, or are so circumstanced, that the same cannot be purchased without the Aid of Parliament, ' . " ,

Oxdered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ikying out and building a new Street from Whiter friar Gate to the South End of Quay Street, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingstan upon Hull:

4 C And

Hiydoa Out* pd Petition reported.

Prees, &c# Inclosure Bill patted.

Petition irt favour of Worsley and Paininpton Canal Bill.

282 270 Febtuatii. A. 1795.

And t$at Mr. Wtlber/drce, Mi1. Samuil Thornton, and A BUI for making and maintaining a Turnpike Mump'* the Earl of Bnrfora, do prepare, and bring in, the Road from Mumps within in the fame. County Palatine of to in the RoidtBiii

West Riding of the County of York, and a Branch committed. Mr. Grey reported From the Committee, to Whom therefrom, at or near ‘Denjbaw, to, or near to, Brown-the Petition of the Vicar of Warden, and of the bill, and another Branch therefrom, at or near Grains,

Chapel Wardens, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, to Delph, all within ,in the said Riding,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of was read Second Time.

themselves, and the several other Persons, Land Owners RefoThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas

and Inhabitants of and in the Chapelry of Haydon, in Stanley, Mr. ,&c.: And they are to meet

the Parish of Warden, and County of Northumberland, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's was referred^ That the Committee had examined the Chamber.

Matter of the'laid Petition, and had directed him to ¥

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; ReJolvtd, That this House will, at the Riling of refalni and he read the Report in his Place; and.afterwards the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning Monday!"*0 delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same next, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, " $ir Benjamin Hammet reported from the Committee, Pennygored William Peters, Junior, being examined, said, That the to whom the Petition of John Hammet, Esquire, one pe\"u^n°'j* Chapel of the Chapelry of Haydon, is a Chapel of Ease of the Proprietors of certain Tin Works, in the ported." to the Vicarage or Parish Church of Warden, and that County of Pembroke, called The Pennygored Works, on it is an ancient Building, and is now in a ruinous Behalf of himself and the other Proprietors of the Condition — -That it is much too small, and also incon- laid Works, Was referred; That the Committee had veniently situated for the Inhabitants of the said examined the Matter of ,the said Petition, and had Chapelry to attend Divine Service therein; and that directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to the building of a new Chapel in a convenient Situa- them, to the House; and he read the Report in his tion within the said Chapelry, sufficiently large for Place, and afterwards delivered it -in at the Clerk's the Inhabitants, would be a great Benefit to them, and Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow* would tend to the Encouragement of Religious Wor- eth i

ship within the said Chapelry — That the Commis- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, sioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Sea- Alexander Raby, Esquire, being examined, said. That men at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, are Owners great Quantities of Coals are consumed in the said of the principal Part of the Lands lying within the Works, which are imported Coastwise at a great Ex-said Chapelry, and that in order to accommodate the pence, exclusive of the Duty; that the said Works Inhabitants thereof, have proposed to set out and give are the only Tin Mines in this Kingdom where the a Fiece of Ground, situate at or near the Village of Coals used are charged with Duty. That the Works Haydon Bridge within the said Chapelry, as a Scite for have been continually in a State of Improvement, building a neW Chapel, together with a Chapel Yard and are-carried on at a great Expence, but, owing to thereto, which is a convenient Situation for such the high Price of Coals, and other Causes, they have Purpose. frequently been discontinued, to the great Distress of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill the Poor Persons who were employed therein; and for taking down the Chapel of the Chapelry of Haydon, notwithstanding the Disad vantages the Proprietors in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northum- labour under in carrying on the Works, they now berland, and for building a new Chapel, in a conve- find Employment for a great Number of Persons who nient Situation, within the said Chapelry: And that muftotherwise be in want of the Means of support- Mr. Grey and Sir Matthew White Ridley dp prepare, ing themselves and their Families, but that many and bring in, the fame. more might be employed if the Proprietors were allowed the Drawback on Coals used in their Works,

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain the want of which is a very great Obstruction to their Commons or Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Prees, Success.

Moreton Say, and Stanton upon Hinebeath, in the County Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the of Salop,was read the Third Time. Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Com- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole mons or Waste Lands in the Townships of Prees, House, to consider of the said Report.

Darlestone, Fauls, Mickley, Willejltm, Morton Say, Longford, and Stanton upon Hinebeath, in the County of The Marquis of Titchfield presented to the House, steeple cuy-Salop. according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing g-Jj

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway do carry the Bill to the the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Paf-Lords, and desire their Concurrence. cures, of and in the Parish of Steeple Claydon, in the County of Bucket And the same was received; and A Petition of the Land Owners, Occupiers of Land, read the First Time.

Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, the Inhabitants Ref That the Bill be read a Second Time, of the several Townships of Pennington, Bedford, and

AJlley, in the Parish of Leigh, and of the Township of An ingrafted Bill for dividing and allotting certain winters** Worjley, in the Parish of Eccles, all in the County Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Palatineof Lane after, was presented to the House, and Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Winterborne 1

read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the Earls and in the County of Wilts, was read

House for Leave to make and maintain a Navigable the Third Time.

Canal from the said Township of Pennington to com- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title municate with the Canal or his Grace the Duke of be, An Act for dividing arid allotting certain Open Bridgewater at Worjley aforesaid: And praying, That and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands the said Bill may pass into a Law. , and Grounds, in the Parishes of Winterborne Earls and

Ordered, That the said Petition do ,lie . upon the Allington, in the County of Wilts.

Table. Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

' A Petition

Petition from Mr. Parker and others agninlt Watford and Sc. aiban's Canal Bill.

35 Geo. lit* 27° FebruariL % % %

» - i 1

A Petition of Rogers P, Esquire, 'Elizabeth Day, and Amy Day, Spinfters, Neate, Richard

Capper, William Smith, Esquires, and Thomas Noyes, Esquire (Committee of the Estate of Robert Hucks, Esquire) and Job Woodman, Gentleman, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments in the Line of the intended Canal from to

Saint Alban's, was presented to the House, and redd; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling a certain Company, called The Grand -fhn Company, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also

to make Collateral Cuts from the said Canal, but the Petitioners have been informed, and believe, that a Very intonfiderable Part of the Works, proposed to be done by the said Act, hath yet been completed, and that, by the said Act, the Company are enabled to raise the Sum of 600,000 for the Purposes therein Hated, and to expend any Part thereof in procuring other Acts of Parliament for making such further Extension of their Works as they may think proper: Thar, accordingly, in the last Session of Parliament, a Bill was brought into the House for making a Navigable Cut from the Town of Saint Alban's, to communicate with the Grand Junffion Navigation at Watford, in the

Cottnty of Hertford, which Bill, after a long Discussion of its Merits, was rejected by the House, but, notwithstanding such Decision, the Business is again resumed, and a Bill has been brought into the House this present Session for enabling the said Grand Junction Company to make a Navigation from the said Town of Watford to the said Town of Saint Alban's, which the Petitioners cannot but consider as subjecting them to a Repetition of Hardship, inasmuch as a few Individuals are thereby forced to contend with a wealthy and powerful Body, whillt the Merits have previously been decided; and that the Town of Saint Alban's is situated Eastward of the Grand Junction Canal only Four Miles Five Furlongs and Thirty-seven Poles, and Westward of Hertford, where the River Lea becomes Navigable, about Twelve Miles, and the Direction of the intended Cut from Saint Alban's to Watford is nearly parallel with the said Grand Junc-

tion Canal, from which its mean Distance is about Four Miles, and therefore the Market of Saint Alban's, already provided with an excellent Road to Watford (Distance about Nine Miles) is intended to be principally benefited by the proposed Cut, but, if any such Benefit could be obtained (which the Petitioners deny) the same would be obtained at the Expence of the Market Towns in the Neighbourhood, by drawing a Part of their customary Supply to Alban's, and it is therefore obvious that a Partial, and not a National, Object is in View; and that the Petitioners are Owners and Occupiers of a considerable Part of the Land on the Line of the said intended Cut, and apprehend that such intended Cut would be' injurious to their Property, Quiet, and Convenience, and would be attended with material Damage to the Valley through which the Navigation is intended to pass, and to the Stream, Mills, and Fishery, with which it is intended to interfere, without any adequate Public Advantage: That the Petitioner, Rogers Parker, who is Lord of the Manor of Munden, lately made Choice of a Situation on the Bank of the River at Munden, and built a House there, for his own Residence, and made Gardens adjoining to the said River, in which House he now lives, and, if the present Bill should pass into a Law, his House and Gardens will be materially affected, and rendered of little oif no Value in his Estimation, and such Bill will also affect the Garden of the Petitioner, Job Woodman, and be, in other Respects, highly injurious to the Property of the Peti-

tioners i And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Coiinfel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition' do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and Extending a Navigable' Cut from' the Town of in the County of Hertford, to the Town of Saint Alban, in the same County,r be read a Second Time; and that the Petiiibhers be then1 heard, by themselves, thei* Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill; upon their Petition, if they think fit. '

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heafd, at the same Time, in Favbur of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the rtoufe, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made id the last Session of Parliament, intituled, «« An Act to M enable Flis Majesty to Establish a Court of Criminal tc Judicature in Norfolk Island and for better enabling His Majesty to establish such Court in the said I ft and: And the same was received; tad read the First Time. - '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning rrejet.

Ordered, That 'Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to open and return certain Letters contained in the Mails, made up at the General Post Office in London, for the United Provinces, on the 13th, t6th, and 20th Days of January 1795, and now remaining in the said General Post Office: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, tile fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder-signed, being Trustees, and Proprietors of Bonds, on the Turnpike Road leading from Hatfield, in the County of Herts, through Chepping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks, to Reading, in the County of Berks, as well as the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants of Chepping Wycombe aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending for the Purpose of opening a Turnpike Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, through Rijborough and West Wycombe, to Great -low, in the said County, and, if the Branch leading from West Wycombe to Great Marlow aforesaid be permitted to remain a Part of the Act, it will manifestly injure the Security of the Petitioners Bonds, whose Money has been advanced upon the Public Faith, and, for the Public Benefit, as likewise the Market of CheppingWy combe, which has been. Time out of Mind, a great Public Market, and the Benefit to be derived to the Public cannot be, in any Proportion, to the Injury sustained, inasmuch as the Distance laved is very little more than Half a Mile: And therefore praying to be heard, by Counsel, when they will hav$ an Opportunity of stating more fully their Objections.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Aylesbury, through Princes Rijborough, to West Wycombe, and from thence jo Red Barn, in the Parish of Great Marlow, all in the County of Buckingham, and also the Road from Princes Rijborough aforesaid to Thame, in the County of Oxford, is committed) and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

H mine?,

Norfolk Island Judicature Bill prekneed.

Bill to enabid the Postmafte* General to . open and return certain Letters order-d.

Petition frdrrt Chopping combe against Aylclbury and Marlow, &c«

Roads Bill*

Bigimy Bill deferred*

WirginUn Inclosure Bill reported, and re-committed.

West cot t Barton, See, In* e‘outre Bill reported, and re-committed*

184 17° Februanu 1795.

in it tee, - that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition*

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Hoofe was moved. That the Order, made upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Seven-night, upon the Bill for inflicting a greater Punishment on Persons who shall be convicted of the Crime of Bigamy, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Order be cfifcharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons,: Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts, of Wigginton, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Pl^ce t and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill}

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said. Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Sir William "Dolben reported from the Committee,td

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, , Waste; and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Precincts of Westcott Barton, and within the Liberty and Pre-cincts of Middle Barton, in the Parish of Steeple in the County of Oxford,was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Eight Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill) and that the whole Property, intended to be inclosed, consists of Ninety-one Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the fall); and that the Committee had gone through the < Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Reporc in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr, Hobart, according to Order, reported From the Land Ta* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act 1 re,ortc of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax,

" to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-" five," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and.afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Poor Removal Reading of the Bill to prevent the Removal of Poor commit. Persons until they shall become actually chargeable, be now read.

And the' said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon , the

aift Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill forgn *t-Reading of the Bill for granting additional Duties of '"8 Customs on the several Articles therein mentioned, tcm"e--T-. ' be now read. ted.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com- . mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon tTuefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining Day appointed a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Jj'r®5C0"J Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in Datchefand the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, ifleworth into the said River, at or near a certain Place called Canal Bal* or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isleworth,in the County of , be read a

Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the nth Day of March next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way« and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this Housewill, upon Monday Morn- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole drfmad. House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn-, , ing next. Ten of the Clock.

Lun*t

Hatfield Inclosure Bill committed*

Bill commit* tod.

Bintry and Twyford Inclosure Bill passed*

Bast Ltxham and Great Dunham Inclosure Bill palled#

Committee on Report of Penny gored Tin Work* Petition.

35 Geo. III. Marta85

Luttce,2° die Martit;

Anno 35*' Georgii III*" Regis, 1795. Prayers.

ABI L L for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hasfield, in the County of , was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are ro meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ‘Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackburns, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-doling, the Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Bintry and 1Twyford,in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Bintry and Twyford, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East and Great

Dunham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East Lexbam and Great Dunham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of John H Esquire, One of the Proprietors of certain Tin Works, in the County of Pembroke, called The Pennygored Works, on Behalf of himself and the other Proprietors of the said Works, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Vo l.L.

Mr. Mainwaring accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on The Pennygored Works in the County of Pembroke.

And Mr. Mainwaring moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on The Pennygored Works in the County of Pembroke: And that Mr. Mainwaring, Sir Benjamin Hammet, and Sir Watkin Lewes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parishes of Hillingdon and Cowley, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in that Part of the Parish of Wroughton, in the County of which is

situate, lying, and being, in the Hundred of and

Everley: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several Proprietors of the Open Fields, Pastures, or Commons, thereinafter mentioned.

Mr* Penruddocke Wyndham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Holme upon the Wolds, in the Parish of Holme upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Town-Ihips or Hamlets of Caunton, Becfithorpe, Earljhaw, and

Knapthorpe, and for exonerating the said Townships or Hamlets, and also the Hamlet of Dean Hall, all in the Parish of Caunton, in the County of Nottingham, from the Payment of Tythes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

font, Sir John Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, -font. Sir John Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. v

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, paired in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

4 D King

reported*

Bill ordered*

Hillingdon and Cowley Inclosure BUI presented#

Wroughton Inclosure Bill presented#.

Member added to bring in Holme upon the Wolda Inclosure Bill*

Holme upon the Wolds Inclosure Bill presented#

Caunton Inclosure Bill committed#

Upton Inclosure Bill com* mined*

Luton, West# wood Gate, and Se. Alban's Roads Bill presented.

i86 i° MartiL A. 1795.

King George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from > in the County of Bedford, to West wood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to Saint Alban's, in the County of Hertford; And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Darlington and West Auckland Road Bill committed*

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of Two Alts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Roads from Darlington to West Auckland, in the County of Durham, and several other Roads in the same County therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur-don,. Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Preston Cmd- Mr. JoJbua Smith reported from the Committee, to ftok* ^dXl- w^om the Bill for repairing and widening the Road ton, Road Bill from Preston Candover to Baftngstoke, in the County of reported. Southampton, and from thence to Alton, in the said County, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House 1 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Ones and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Finibury A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effec-

tqumPniflg, tual, an Act, made and passed in the Thirty-first Year n>ltt*d. e#,a* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, " watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair,

" bury Square, in the Parish-of Saint Luke, in the " County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoy- ances within the famej" was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Sir Watkin Lewes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at- Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the Petition in City of London attended at the Door } they were cal- f»*ourof led in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Meworth*"11

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Canal Bill, mons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe that a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, to Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex, which Canal will be of great Public Utility: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Wendowt to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Wnt* for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Right honourable Hugh Seymour, commonly called Lord Hugh Seymour, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral ot Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to sindwUk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wriu the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, in the room of Phili Stephens, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee to Wigginton ' whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Ince1®^"itted and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common BiUreporud. Pafttires, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts, of Wigginton, in the County of Oxford, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had di-rested him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place $ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

stoke upon The Earl Gower Sutherland presented to the House, NewMft?(f according to Order, a Bill for making and maintain-under Lyme ing a Navigable Canal from and out of the Naviga-c"al tion from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke upon

pr*n ' Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of

Newcastle under Lyme, in the said County: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Burnham ft*, several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and cloture Bill being within the Parish of Burnham, in the County of cwn®‘"ed< Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tud-way, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Haydon Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to

presented. Order, a Bill for taking down the Chapel of the Cha-

pelry of Haydon, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, and for building a new Chapel, in a convenient Situation, within the said Chapelry: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the High Street Petition for in the Town of Kenftngton, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth, of Kensington That a Bill is depending in the House, for more effec- Hi8h 5,r*eU tually repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner, through the said High Street, to Counter's Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned} and, by the said Bill

the

Order kit iufpending Proccediagt of Committees in cemiA Cafes*

Norfolk I (land Judicature Bill committed*

35 Geo. III.

Martii.

487

the Footways within the High Street are to be repaired, cleansed, and lighted, and all Nuisances and Annoyances therein removed and prevented, and the said Street to be watched, under the Direction of thd Trustees to be appointed by the said Bill, and a certain Annual Sum is directed to be paid to the said Trustees towards defraying the Expence thereof; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said High Street, and certain Courts and Alleys' adjoining thereto, or communicating the rewith, if the repairing the Pavement of the said Footways, and the cleansing and lighting the fame, and the said Courts and Alleys, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and also the watching of the said Street, Courts, and Alleys, were to be done under a separate Act of Parliament, by Commissioners to be appointed from amongst the Inhabitants thereof, instead of being under the Di region of the said Trustees, by virtue of the said Bill: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Footways, and cleansing and lighting the fame, and the said Courts and Alleys, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and watching the said Street, Courts, and Alleys, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Pulteney, Mr. waring, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That at the Time appointed, or to be ippointed, by the House, in the present Session of Parliament, for taking into Consideration any'Petitions respecting the Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, or any Matters relative thereto, under and by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament made for those Purposes, when the Serjeant at Arms shall be sent to require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House, the Proceedings of all Committees, except of such Select Committees as shall be appointed under or by virtue of the said Acts, shall be from thenceforth suspended until Ten of the Clock in the Morning of the Day next after the Day on which a Select Committee for the Trial of the Merits of such Petitions shall have been appointed; to which Time the before-mentioned Committees, unless previously adjourned to a later Time, shall be adjourned; and all Proceedings of such Committees, in the intermediate Time, shall be null and void; of which the Clerks attending Committees, and all other Persons, are to take Notice.

Ordered, That printed Copies of the said Order be fixed in the Lobby, and in the Committee Rooms of this House.

A Bill to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty

to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Nor- folk Island," and for better enabling His Majesty to establish such Court in the said Island, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rojt presented to tho House, according to Bill r<*> wife* Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way of Annuities: And the same was received; Sated. and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commitueof to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SuPPJT«-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- jetty; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly t

The House resolved itself into the said Commie* tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committer.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from thC Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

tua) certain Orders in Council respecting the Admimon of Eflfc&s passed.

An ingrafted Bill for rendering effectual 'His Ma- Bill for jetty's Orders in Council of the 16th and 21st of dering effec

ary 1795. respecting the Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be Warehoused, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafiy; And that the Title be, An Act for rendering effectiial His Majesty's Orders in Council of the 16ch'iancl 11st Days of January 1795, respecting the Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be Warehoused; and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in Consequence of such Orders.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to For. wine rder, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional and Sweet*

additional Duties Bill presented.

Tea, Coffee, nnd Cocoa Nuts additional Duties Bill presented*

Order,

Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine and Sweets: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time ' Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen . „ -

. n'u Innnicti.n rof

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bui, or preventing \ Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday Distiu1[-'r*/nak* last, were reported from the Committee of the whole ‘wheat or House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Wheat Flour. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for preventing Distillers from making Use 3 of

2 Martit.

Distillery additional Duties Bill ptefcnted*

Foreign Spirits additional Duties Bill prefen ted*

National Debt Bill ordered*

The Lords have agreed to

Mutiny Bill*

Marine Mutiny Bill*

288

4

of Wheat, or Wheat Flotir, in making Walh for extracting Spirits.

Mr. Roje spresented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Worts, Wafti, and other Liquors, made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for preventing Distillers from making Use of Wheat or Wheat Flour in making Wash for extracting Spirits: And the same was received? and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits: And the same was received ? and -read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That the First of the Resolutions which, upon Thurj last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly ? and is as followeth; viz.,

" Resolved, That the Sum of Two hundred Thousand " Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be issued and " paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of " the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Roje, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr.

Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

t

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys?

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters? without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Billi intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine

A. 1795.

Forces while on Shore? without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Schmidtmeyer , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Matthew j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render effectual so much of an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to improving the Entrance into the City of Worcester from the London and Upton Roads? without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton ? without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common,* called North Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, in the Pari ft) of North in the County of Somerset? without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bridge Cafterton, in the County of Rutland-, with some Amendments? to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr, Church, from the General Post Office, attended at the Door ? he was called in ? and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the Duty of Postage, for the last Ten Years, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up? distinguishing the Amount of the said Duty in each Year, exclusive of Franks, &c.: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Duty of Letters and Packets, if such had been charged, for Ten Years, to the 5th of April 1794? also, an Account of the Number of Letters and Packets which have been sent or received free from the Duty of Postage for Five Years, to the 5th of April 1794.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth ? viz.

Schmidtmrr-er's Nat. Bill*

Wist'i Nat. Bill.

Worcester Avenue Bill*

St. Martin Stamford Baron Inclosure Bill.

North Petherton Inclosure Bill.

Bridge Cafteft ton Inclosure Bill, with Amendments*

Accounts of Revenue arising from Duty of Postage j and of N* of Letter* and Packets lent or received Duty free, presented*

An

7° Marta,

35 Geo. III.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the Duty of Postage, for the last Ten Years, to the latest Period to which the same can be made up; distinguishing the Amount of the said Duty in each Year, exclusive of Franks, &c.

ears, ending jth April. Gross Produce* Management. Packet Botts* I^et Produce.

1785 463,753* 8 4 i 155,*83 7 n 47,160 a 3 1 m 4 1 1 9 m W U B 261,409 18 2

1786 471,176 8 1A 138,011 15 4 TT 47,188 16 10 *85,975 *5 *

1787 474,347 9 7 A 150,092 14 10 i 45,654 19 lO 278,599 *4 iJ<

1788 509,131 15 8 T*T 166,535 16 10 A 45,615 6 9 296,980 12 1

1789 5*4,538 4 3tt 150,131 17 3 TT 45,796 4 318,610 5 8

1790 533*98 9 159,665 19 f 42,352 4 — 331,179 18 8 f

179* 575»o79 3 188,494 8 71 30,585 8 8 355.999 6 6t*t

*79* 585,432 10 10 181,35* 5 5 37>* 5 9 366,959 19 8

*793 627,592 19 — 190,417 8 r — I 45,666 15 — 391,508 15 11 J

1794 675,000 — — Nearly; but the exact Amount of Charge, and the Articles of Pifcharge, for this Year, cannot at prtrfent be ascertained.

Examined per

tym Fauquier,

Acc* O'.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duty of Letters and Packets, if such had been charged, for Ten Years, to the 5th of April 1794: Also, an Account of the Number of Letters and Packets which have been sent or received free from the Duty of Postage, for Five Years, to the 5 th of April 1794.

Years, ending the 5th of April. Members Amount. State's Amount. Number of Letters and Packets.

jC* S. d.

IH OO Cr» 61,08019 9 5*444 — —

6 57,166 4 6 5.888 4 9

7 62,325 14 9 7,175 11 —

8 76,678 11 9 10,279 9

» 9 81,274 8 6 10,606 4 3

1790 94.697 17 11,005 14 9 *744.75°

1 82,436 19 — 13.398 1 6 *99°.9*3

2 93,527 18 6 *4,4J* 2 6 2,243,616

' 3 102,438 19 9 *7*994 4 ~ 2,546,025

4 *03,487 12 3 25,550 1 — 2,688,858

Charles Coltfon,

Inspector of Franks,

The above Statement of Members does not include the Bye and Cross Road, or Scotch Franks, owing to the Impradicability of ascertaining their Amount; but the nearest Estimate that can be made, is about forty thousand Pounds Annually,

Exam4 per IV" Fauquier,

.Acc* G'f

VPL L, 4 E Order

290 2° — 5* Martii. A. 1795.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

WestcottHtr- Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to rJ"* w^om for dividing and inclosing the Open

committed Bill and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common reported. Pastures, Commons, 'Wade, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Precincts of Westcott Barton, and within the Liberty and Precincts of Middle Barton, hr the Parish of Steeple,

in the County of Oxford, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

so'e'SiUc'0* Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do make the Reported. r* port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Township of Pe, in the County of , was

committed.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.1.8j. 10 d.who refused to sign the Bill; and that

the whole Property intended to be inclosed is assessed at £. 14. 12 s.uf d.-, and that no Person appeared

before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

certain Acts, for repairing several Roads in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the Road from Keighley to Bradford, was committed.

Mr. Burdon accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report iiv his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and petition ra other Inhabitants, of Coalbrookdale, Willey, , £jTour of . Madley, and Benthall, in the County of Salop, and the ci.

Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto nal Bill, subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River called or known by the Name of , in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into

the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isleworth, in the County of Middlesexs And praying.

That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday w»y*an<t Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of Me*n*dcf*r-the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 30 dMartii;

M«mh<radded Ordered, That Mr. Burdon be added to the Gentle-HuiTsirect men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill. Bill for laying out and building a new Street from

Whitefriar Gate to the South End of Quay , within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

Hull sneet Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Bill indented. Order, a Bill for laying out and building a new Street, from Whitefriar Gate to the South End of Quay,

within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull: And the same was received; and read the frirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee on Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition KM-en°>m wi''" r*ie Frecrnen of the City of Carlifie, which was pre-<:'..V,(iV.e- fented to the House upon the 22d Day of January last, viv.-d. was referred, be revived.

Kr ghiev and Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do make the Report from fcrriSr1 r^e Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the 1 Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of

Anno 35* Georgii III*" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Proceeding*;

tion the Petition of Thomas Morley,

James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward John speflingth*

Richardson, Robert Tarker, Thomas WyJohn White, J^htofElee* Richard Rowland, Joseph Teoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlifie, being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, as determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 3d Day of March 1791; and also, the Petition of JohnChristian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlifte, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a

Selcd

35 Geo. III. 3* Martii.

Scleft Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Bufinefa of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Membertakn And a Member returned upon a new Writ having

Oath*. taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; c»riifle Peti- The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One

tiontrtfpc&iag hundred and Eight Members being present; eb* Right of The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Thirty-eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Braddyll, Esquire, being drawn, he stated to the House, That he was One of the Sitting Members for the said City of Carlisle, and had, together with John Christian , Esquire, the other Sitting Member for the said City, signed the Petition presented to this House, praying to be admitted Parties to defend the Right of Election for the said City as reported from the Select Committee, and which was One of the Petitions now taken into Consideration.

The Counsel and Agents were directed to retire some Way from the Bar.

And the said Petition was read.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve " in Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation " of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns '* of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Name of the said Wilson Esquire,

be fee down in the Lift of Forty-nine Members drawn by Lot;

The House divided.

Ayes to the Right: Noes to the Left.

Teller for the Ayes, — Mr - - 63

Teller for the Noes, — Mr. Sumner - - - 39

So it was resolved in the Affirmative;

Then the Counsel and Agents were again called to the Bar.

And the Name of the said , Esquire,

was set down in the Lift of the Members drawn by Lot.

And the Names of Ten other Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Sir John Mordaunt, Baronet, Sir George Baronet, Sir John Treve-

lyan, Baronet, Lord John Cavendish, Richard Smith, Esquire, and Thomas Berney , Esquire,

were drawn, who having sworn that they were Sixty Years of Age or upwards, were excused

291

from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Eight other Members then prefenr, were drawn, and set aside; Six on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); and Two on Account of their having in this Session served on a Select Committee.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete.

The Cpunfel for the Petitioners admitted to oppose the Right of Election as determined by the former Committee, nominated John Anstru Esquire, to serve on the said Committee; and the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted to defend the Right of Election as determined by the former Committee, nominated William Baldwin, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lifts of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Lapworth ana whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, under their ,epvuj#" Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation^ the Parish of King's Norton, into the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was read: And,

Mr. John Snape, an Engineer, being examined, said,

That the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded to carry the Powers of the said Act into Execution, and have, in Part, executed the said Canal —

That by Levels and Surveys lately taken, it appears that a convenient Communication may be made between the said Stratford upon Avon Canal and the

wick and Birmingham Canal, by a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Tarish of Lapworth, into the said Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswcod, in the Pariffiof Rowington,in the said County of Warwick: —

And being further examined, he said, That the making of such Navigable Cut or Canal as aforesaid, will be of great Public Utility, and that the said Company arc willing, at their own Expence, to make and maintain the fame, in case they shall be authorized so to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Worcester: And that Sir John Mordaunt, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Mr. Jervoise, and Mr. Lygon, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and $teep!#Ci*r-Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and in don incioiur* the Parish of Steeple Claydon, in the County of Bucks, ^comro,l" was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Titchfeld, M r. James Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

9 A Petition

Petition from certain Inhabitants, 6cc. of Hutton, Atherton, and other Places, against Worilcy and Painin£ton Canal Bill,

Petition from Commissioncit «>t Bolton Roads against

D° B>U.

292 30 Marti 1795.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being principal Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, in the several Town-Ihips of Hutton, Atherton, P, Bedford, AJlley, Low ton, Newton, and Golboum, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and

lead; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cut from his present Navigation, in the Town-Blip of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

to the Township of Painington, near the Town of Leigh, in the said County; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, having referred to the Plan of the said intended Navigable Cut, lodged with the'Clerk of the Peace for the said County, observe that the said Cut will be carried over the Highway leading from the said Town of Leigh, by the Town of Bedford, to Warrington, and also across the Turnpike Road

leading from the Town of Bolton in the Moors, through the said Town of Leigh, and from thence, by Pennington Hall, to Newton Bridge, in the said County, and over other Highways and Roads; and that the Petitioners are advised that the Bill of the said Francis Duke of Bridgewater, and the several Acts of Parliament thereby referred to, are very defective with regard to the making and repairing of Bridges over Public Roads, and therefore the Petitioners, as such Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers, within the several Townships aforesaid, will suffer much Inconvenience, their Property be exposed to Hazard, and their Personal Safety endangered, unless such Clauses as are usually inserted in Bills of the like Nature be inserted in the said Bill, to oblige the said Duke of Bridgewater to make and maintain, and in future'to keep in Repair, good and substantial Bridges of Free Stone (and with which the County abounds) of proper Dimensions, over all such Highways and Public Roads over which the said Cut is intended to be carried: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill, so far as the same regards Public Bridges, and that the same may not pass into a Law in the Manner and Form proposed, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being acting Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the same Reign, for repairing and widening the Turnpike Roads leading from Bolton in the Moors, to Leigh, and from thence to Newton Bridge, and other Places in the said first Act mentioned, in the County of Lancajfor and on Behalf of themselves, and others, the Commissioners in the said first Act mentioned, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, Thar, on referring to the Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, pursuant to the Rules of the House, ic appears that the said proposed Cut will croft the said Turnpike Road between the said Town of Leigh and Pennington IL~.ll, within the said Township of ton-, and that the said Road being greatly travelled, and affording a principal Communication between the Western Parts of the County of York, the Towns of Manchcjlrr, Rochdale, Bury, Bolton, and other inU

portant Commercial Towns and Places, with the County of Chester,the Town of and the

Town and Port of Liverpool, it is highly necessary that a safe, substantial, and commodious Bridge, of Free Stone (and of which Free Stone the Neighbourhood affords an ample Supply) should be, and hereafter at all Times, well repaired by the said Duke

of Bridgewater, for the Ease, Accommodation, and Safety of His Majesty's Subjects travelling the said Roads; and the Petitioners submit to the House, that proper and sufficient Clauses, and such as are commonly inserted in Acts of Parliament, to enable Projectors to make Canals, ought to be inserted in the said Bill, to secure to the Public a proper Bridge over the said Road, and io provide for the future substantial Repair: _And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill, in its present Form, and that the same may not pass into a Law without such Clauses being inserted, for the Safety of the Public, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition f«« thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of certain Estates, Messuages, Worsley, Act-Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the Worst afnd Townships of Worsley, AJlley, Bedford, and PenningtonpJningt

in the County Palatine of Lancajlerthrough which Canal Bill, the Canal herein after mentioned is intended to pass, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth,

That a Petition in favour of the said Bill, has been presented to the House by the said Duke of Bridgewater, in which, among other Things, it is alledged, that the making and maintaining such Navigable Cut as aforesaid would be of great Benefit to all Persons residing, or having Estates, near the Line thereof; and that the Petitioners are advised that the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, recites the Three following Acts of Parliament, the First, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to " make a Cut or Canal from a certain Place in the " Township of Salford, to or near Worsley and " Middlewood,in the Manor of Wo, and to or near a

Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancaster," the Second in the Thirty-third Year of

the same Reign, intituled, "An Act to enable the *« Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make " a Navigable Cut or Canal from or near " Mill,over the River Irwell, to the Town of

chester,in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to

" or near Longford Bridge, in the Township of " Stretford, in the said County," and the Third, in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from Longford Bridge aforesaid to the River Mersey, at the Hemp Stones in Halton, in the County of Chester, and, by Reference to the said recited Acts, gives, generally, to the said Duke of Bridgewater, all the Powers and Authorities therein contained, subject to the like Restrictions, and to the.Controul of Commissioners, named in the said First ‘and Third recited Acts; and the Petitioners submit to the House, that, agreeably to the Rules thereof, the Land Owners and Occupiers of Land on the Line of the said intended Canal ought to have had the said recited Acts, so referred to by the said Bill, presented to them as well as the Bill, for their Perusal and Inspection, that they might have been apprized of the Contents and Operation thereof, whereas nothing more than the said Bill in Blanks, has hitherto been /hewn to them; and that, at the Time of passing the said recited Acts, Inland Navigations were in their Infancy, and their Eft'eds on landed Property little known, and the Petitioners submit, that, on referring to the said recited Acts, the same will be found very inadequate to the Protection of Private Property, or to secure the Benefits held out to the Petitioners by the Petition of the said Duke of Bridgewater, and the Assurances of his Agents, who

solicitecj

55 Geo. Ill

1 o

Mdrttii

2C>5

Woifley and Painington final Bill.

foliated the Assents of the Land Owners and Occupiers on the Line of the said intended Canal; and that the Petitioners are advised that, if the said Bill be suffered to pass into a Law,' it will only afford certain Advantages and Privileged to the said Duke of Bridgewater,but not to the Public or to the Petitioners, and will be very injurious ro the Petitioners and to their Estates: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Agents, against the said Bill, so far as the same affects their Interests* and that the same may not pass into a Law, in the Manner and Form proposed, or that they thay hive such other Relief in the f*remifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr.Frogg»tt*» A Petition of 'Thomas M Froggatt, Esquire, Lord

Petitionagsinft of the Manor of Aftlcji and Owner and Occupier Of considerable Estates and Lands, through which the Canal herein after mentioned is intended to pass, was likewise presented to the House, and read) also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, Thai a Petition, in favour of the said Bill, has been presented to the House by the said Duke of in which, among other Things, it is alledged, that the making and maintaining such Navigable Cut a aforesaid would be of great Benefit to all Persons reiidin'g, or having Estates, near the Line thereof; and, by reason of the said Allegation, and of the great Privi. leges and Advantages that were held out by the Agents of the said Duke of Bridgewater to arise to the Petitioner and his Estates, by reason of his having and using the said Navigable Cut, he was prevailed upon to give his Assent to the making of the fame; and that the Petitioner is advised that the said Bill, as amended before the Committee, recites the Three following A^s of Parliament, the First made and passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from a certain *« Place in the Township of to or near

Mill and Middlewood, in the Manor of Worsley, and to or near a Place called Hollin Ferry, in the County *Palatine of Lancaster," the Second in the Thirty-third Year of the same Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of -( water to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from or near Wotjley Mill, over the River Irwell. to the " Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to or near Longford Briage, in the *' Township of Stretford, in the said County," and the Third in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Most Noble " Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a Navigable " Cut or Canal from Longford Bridge, in the Town-' " ship of Stretford, iir the County Palatine of caster,to the River at a Place called 'The Hemp Stones, in the Township of HaltOn, in the " County of Chester," and, by a Reference to the said recited Acts, gives, generally, to the said Duke of Bridgewater all the Powers and Authorities therein contained, subject to the like Restrictions, and to the Controul of Commissioners named in the said First and Third recited Acts, but without affording to the Petitioner, as Owner and Occupier of Lands on the Line of the said proposed Canal, the Advantages held out to him by the Agents of the said Duke, who solicited the Assent of the Petitioner, and which the Petition of the said Duke to the House most ObviouAy and particularly offered as an Inducement to the House to grant an Act to enable him to make the said Gut; and the Petitioner submits to the House* that, agreeably to the Rules thereof, he ought to have had the said re^ cited Acts, so referred to by the said Bill, presented to him as well as the said Bill, for his Perusal and Inspection, that he might have been apprized of the Coa-Yol L.

tents and Operation thereof, whereas nothing more than ,the said Bill, in Blanks, has hitherto been shewn to him; and that, at the Time the said Bill was pre-. fented to the Petitioner, from his Inexperience in Schemes of this Nature, and from its Brevity, it appeared to him, and so he understood it to be, nothing more than the Outlines of an intended Bill, and conceiving that, by the Rules of the Hoyfe, he was entitled to, and should have had, a perfcdl; Copy of a Bill comprizing the Powers and Restrictions under which the said Cut was to be made, and proper , Clauses for the Protection of Land Owners and Occupiers of Lands presented to him, previously to its being read, a Second Time, the Petitioner declined' perusing what he deemed to be a . mere Sketch, under the Perfuafipn that a full Bill to enable the said Duke, to cut the said Canal would, in due Time, be laid before him; and that, at the Time of passing the said recited Acts, Inland Navigations were in their Infancy, and their Effects on Landed Property little known, and the Petitioner submits, that, on referring, to the said recited Acts, the same will be found to be very inadequate to the Protection of Private Property, or to secure the Benefits held out to the Petitioner, and other Owners of Land, by the Petition of the said Duke of Bridgewater, and the Assurances of his Agents who solicited the Assents to the said Scheme; and that thy Petitioner is advised that, if the said Bill be suffered to pass into a Law, it will only afford certain Advantages and Privileges to the said Duke o( Bridge-water, but not to the Public or to the Petitioner, and will be very injurious to the Petitioner and to his Estates: And therefore praying,' That he may be heard,' by his Counsel and Agents, agarnft the said Bill, so far as the same affects his Interests, and that the same may not pass into a Law in the Manner and,

Form proposed, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall feein meet. ....

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Confuleration.

A Motion being made. That the Report, which, Report upon the 23d Day of February 1 aft, was made from *d

the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the ourall^ Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a fwthe «oa&4 Navigable Cut from his present Navigation, in the d4rtd* Township of Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,to the Township of Painington, near the Town of Leigh, in the said County,- was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further ConGderation $

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be re-commitced;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. Tellers for the Yeasy

Tellers for the Noes,

JMr. Thomas StaT

Mr. Blaekburne j

14.

39.

f General kgerton,

\ Mr. Hobart

So it passed in the Negative.

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of inis House, upon the 24th Day of February last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May ,794»

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said steport into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to

4 F the

J

294

3

Marti.

A. 1795,

the said Bill being federally read a Second Time, were, tjpon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Norfolk idand Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House deftmd " Bill *° re ^vc into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the laftSession of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty " toestablish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk u Island," and for better enabling His Majesty to establish such Court in the said Istand, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for litfa Money, applying certain Sums of Money, raised in the County of Derby by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mundy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill forreqnir- The Order of the Day being read, for the House Shlmi^'furnUh to rcf°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mn for the to consider farther of the Bill for requiring the Own-Navy deferred. crj ancj Mast^rs of Ships belonging to Great Britain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Keighley and An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts for repairing several Roads in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the Road from Keighley to Bradford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts for repairing several Roads in the West Rrding of the County of York, so far as relates to the Road from Keighley to Bradford.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report Supply, Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions'which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth i viz.

Navy and Vic- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tuaiiiiig Bills. That Provision be made for enabling His Majesty to satisfy all the Bills payable in Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, which were made out on or before the 30th Day of September 1793, amounting to the Surn of One Million Eight hundred and Sixty-three thousand and Eighteen Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence.

African Fortt. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds,

be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the Forts and

Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Landgrave of That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-eight thousand Eight Hesse hundred and Fifty Pounds, Twelve Shillings and One Farthing, be granted to His Majesty,' for paying Money due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel, for Extra-ordinaries incurred, during the late War in America, by the HeffianTroops employed in His Majesty's Service,

pursuant to the Treaty with his Serene Highness.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Representai That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one thousand, Six hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings' and Six Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His'

Majesty, for Monies due to the Representatives of the late Richard Ofzoald, Esquire, as Contractor for Applying Bread and Waggons to the Allied Army in Germany, under the Command of Prince Ferdinand of

Brunswick,between September 1758 and March 1763, and asCommiflaryof Bread and Forage, from the 19th of February 1759 to the 8th of J 1760, and as Su-perintendant of English and Hessian Waggon Trains, from the ift of June 1762 to the ift of January 1763-

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrafted Bill for appointing Commissioners to LwdTax put in Execution an Act: of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Ma- pae *

jetty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty "* by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for c* the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five," together with thofenamedin Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrehce.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to am for grant-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ingadditional upon the Bill for granting additional Duties of Cuf- ^rnTdirferred.* toms on the several Articles therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fburfday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, Bill for railing by Way of Annuities, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fhurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

nuities committed.

A Bill for granting to-His Majesty additional Duties Foreign wine of Excise on Foreign Wine and Sweets, was, accord- and Sweateding to Order, read a Second Time. BiiUoLm?^*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. ted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fhurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon t;he said Bill.

% The

35 Geo. III. 3 — 40

Cariifle Right The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being

of Bitflion returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the

Committee . ' rr _ ,

appointed. said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unftruck; to which last mentioned Lift, the Names of

flruther, Esquire, and William , Esquire, being

added, the same was called over, and is as follows

Rowland Burdon, Esquire, the Marquis of Titchfield, the Honourable Edward James John Ef-

quire, Richard Glover Esquire, John > Esquire, John OJborn, Esquire, William Holbeach, Esquire, Francis Gregor, Esquire, Morris Robinson, Esquire, Lord Viscount Morpeth, Esquire,

Charles Pierrcpont, Esquire, John , Esquire,

William Baldwin, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Thomas Wilson MorleyJames , Robert , Edward Waft ell, John , Robert Tarker,

mas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Teo-

ward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlijlej and also, of the said Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson , Esquires;

and also, of the said Petition of the several Persons, whose Names aje thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of , in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, That they would well and truly try the Merits of the said Peri- tions, and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in Oneof the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

' A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

DiHitlery ad- . ®1lJ| for granting to His Majesty additional Du-ditionaiDotit* ties of Eicife on Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, Bill commit- made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for preventing Distillers from making Use of Wheat or Wheat Flour in making Wash for extracting Spirits, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Tea, Coffee, aittl Cocoa Nuts* additional Duties Bill committed*

The other Order of the Day being read;

ForeipnSpmtt The Bill for granting to His Majesty additional iuiie.Bi'n Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits, was read a Se-«amniiiicd. cond Time. %

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Martiii 195

Mercurii40 Martii;

Anno 35* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795-Prayers.

MR. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of,

Governors of the Poflessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas th* Apofile, and of Richard Clark, Esquire, One of the Aldermen of the said City, President, Williim Gill, Esquire, another Alderman of the said City, Treasurer, and other the Governors of Christ's Hospital aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Governors of the same Hospital, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,: to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Corp, Chief Clerk of Hospital,

being examined, said, That the Funds and Revenues of the said Hospital being much increased, it is propos'd to extend the B nefusof that Charity to a greater Number of Objects, and for that Purpose to take down and re-build some Parts of the present Hospitals in London and Hertford, and to erect additional Buildings thereto; and it is also intended that certain Foot Paths leading to Christ'sHospital should be Ihut up,: and that some of the Lanes and Avenues leading thereto should be widened and improved: Then,

Mr. Edward Giffard, being examined, said. That in order to effect the proposed Improvements, it will be necessary to appropriate a Parcel of Ground adjoining to the Hospital in London, and held by the Governors aforesaid for a long Term of Years, under the Corporation of the City of London, subject to a Right of Interment of the Barishioners of the Parish of Christ Church, and the Prisoners of and instead

thereof, to transfer the Privilege of Interment to another Piece ot Ground, held under the Corporation for the like Extent of Term* and equally convenient for the Purpose aforesaid: And,

Mr. Corp being further examined, said. That the said intended Improvements will tend to the Health and Benefit of the poor Children harboured in the said Hospitals, and to the Advantage of the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Govern >r\ of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hofpbals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ, and Saint

Thomas the Apofile, and orher the Governors of Christ's Hospital, to purclufe Ho Tcs and Ground for the Pur-poie of enlarging Chrifi's Hospital in London, and at Hertford, and err ft>ng additional Buildings thereto, and for widening and improving some of the Lanes and Avenues leading to Christ's , London, and for

(hutting up certain Foot Paths or W'jys through the Courts, Yards, and Places belonging thereto; and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Alderman Mr. Bramfion, Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. , and Mr. Baker,

do prepare, and bring rn, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according Morning, Ten of the Clock. to Order, a Bill for amending, improving, and keep-

ing

Christ's Flof-pititl Petition reported.

Burnley and Bury Road Bill prefenud*

29 6

Martii.

A. 1795.

ing in Repair, the Road from the Town of Burnley, Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Turnpike Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Road leading from Bury to Hajlirigden, at or near Eden-

field Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Voice* to Committee on Bury wd H*f«

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term,

Lands adjoining,1 or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wig Saint , in the said County, to the said Harbour of Lynn,

and for improving and preserving the Navigation of

l'n*den Road* and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an the several Rivers Communicating with the said River

Rill,

Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Ouze;

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amend- Ordered, That the Hearing of Counsel upon the said ing* widening, turning, varying, altering, and keep- Bill be further adjourned till this Day Seven night, ing in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House, in Bury,now or late in the Occupation of Mr. according to Order, reported from the

William Walker, Gentleman, to Haslingden, and from Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bi.ll for thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Black- applying certain Sums of Money, raised in the County reported.* burn, and also the Road from Haslingden aforesaid of De by virtue of several Acts of Parliament' made to the East End of Cockfbut Bridge, in the Town respecting the Militia of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee

Bill forapplj'-. ing Derby Militia Montj

(i

c<

Lards Amend* menu to Bridge Caller-ton inclosare Bill agreed to.

Fenley Inclo* fare Bill p*fled.

of Wballey, and also the Road from Haslingden aforesaid, through New Church and to

and for making a Road, from the said Road be-" tween Bury and Haslingden, in the Township of Wal- merfley, to the River Irm and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in the County Palatine of Lancafteras relates to the first District of

Roads therein mentioned, is committed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bridge Cafterton, in the County of Rutland.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth, viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 38. Leave out of Common and."

Pr. 9.I.17. After Snow"insert " their Heirs " and Assigns respectively." Leave out «« Ccflation" and insert Cession." '

Leave out " Ceflation" and insert Cession."

Leave ouc some" and insert any."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Township of in the County of Flint, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Township of Penley, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

had

made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to' report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Allardyce presented to the House, according Montrose to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

t*r. 1 a. 1. 15.

1. 24. Pr. 24. 3. fti.

of Three several Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of trofe, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish, Liberties, and Precincts of Wigginton, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-tures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within' the Liberties and Precincts of Wigginton, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

presented.

Wigginton Inclosure Bill paffid. %

Order for bringing in Walton upon Thame* Poor, See. Bill discharged.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open WestcottBar. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Wr8 ' Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Precincts of to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employ- Westcott , and within the Liberty and Precincts of ment of the Poor, within the Parish of Waltoit upon Middle Barton, in the Parish of Steeple Barton, in the

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 9th Day of February last, " That Leave be given

'Thames, in the County of Surrey," might be read. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

liearin- of The Order of the Day being read, for the Hearing Eiu Hriii'it'aml of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage K.ne s Lvim of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great

Drainage Bill ddultd.

County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Precincts of Westcott Barton, and within the Liberty and Precincts

of

35 Ge6. III.

Martiu

297

of Middle Barton, in the Parish of Steeple Barton, in the Conn tv of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply defer* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ud* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Way* and M< an» def erred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to confidrr further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order beint> read accordingly; Resolved, That this House, will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom the Petirion of the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bed-

Bedford and Kimholton

rcpoited'.'110" ford, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates and Inhabitants respectively, within the Counties of Bedford or Huntingdon, was referred j Thar the Committee h td examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative‘to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tab'e: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Day being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Town of Bedford, in or through the several Par:fhes described in the Pet tion, all in the County of Bedford, to Park Lane, in the Parish of Kimbclton, in the County of , is in a ruin-

ous Condition, narrow and incommodious in many Places, and cannot be tffeftually repaired and kept in Repair by the Ordinary Course of Law i — And the Witness added, That the repairing, widening, and altering the said Road, would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the Road leading from the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, to the End of a Lane called The Park in the Parish

of Kimbolton, in the County of where the fame adjoins the Turnpike Road leading from Kim. lolton to Eaton Socon, In the said County of Bedford: And that Mr. St. John and Mr. OJlorn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

QucS.NVe. for A Petition of certain Merchants, Importers, and PetiMnn?trom dealers in Foreign Wines, praying that the proposed Denier* in Ho- Augmentation of Duties on Foreign Wines may not »«ign Wine*, be imposed upon the Stock in Hand on the 23d Day of February last, being offered to be presented to the House;

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine Contradicente.

to a Secret Expedition, as mentioned in the Account of the Army Extraordinaries; together with,

A Copy of the Memorial and Statement of Mr;

Fullarton's Claims for Expences incurred by Preparations for the Secret Expedition 1780: And also,

A Copy of the Memorial of William of

Fu I Jar ton, 1793.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Ploufe.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other v Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Norwood and Second Reading of the Bill for making a Navigable £ad<1!n8?f>1a

r ° . T, °. _ Canal Will

Cut from The Grand function Canal, in the Precinct committed, of Norwood, in the County of Mid to Paddington, in the said County;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time,

And the House being informed, That Counsel for and against the Bill were attending at the Door; but no Motion being made to the House that the Counsel be called in;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation/at B'aunston, in the County of " ton, to join the River Thames at or near Brentfordi " in the County of Middlesex, and also certain Col-

lateral Cuts from the said intended Canal,'* mighc be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

Then the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Praed,

Mr. B,

Tellers for the Yeas

-ne: }

Tellers for the Noes, j Mamw*ri*g, J

43-

24-

Grey:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committed to Mr. Praedi Mr; Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe have Leave to make A Motion, it being Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the several Debtors confined in His York Debtor* Majesty's Gaol, the Castle of To in and for the Petm<m* County of York.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie 'upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Report, Src. Mr. Charles Long presented to the House,pursuant s'mwiito to t^ie'r Order*

c'» Kuihiton, A Copy of the Report of the Comptrollers of the

picicrntd. Army Accounts, relative to a Sum of £. 15,750 paid to Colonel William Fullarton, in Re-payment of the Sums disbursed by him, in 1780, in raising a Corps of Twelve hundred Men, and other Services relative

Vol. L. 4G Jovis,

298

Reading Taving, Bill palfed.

The Lords have ngiec.l to

Bill for raisipg Men for the Navy.

Prfee, &:c. Ir.clo.ure Kill.

Counter's

i>t ulge and I tlcworih Ko«i!s Kill.

CoIJ-Arton Inclosure Bill, wi;h Amendments.

;° Mar.

A. 1795

Jovisy 50 die Martii; Anno 350 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Footways in the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, for better repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, in the said Borough, and for removing Encroachments, Obstrixftions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Footways in the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, for better repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, in the said Borough, and for removing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in Englandfor the Service of His, Majesty's Navy; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Wafie Lands in the Townfiiips of Frees,

Fau/s, Mickley, Willaflon, Morton Say, Longford, and

Stanton upon llineheath, in the County of with-

out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish o in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounflozv,to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook; and for repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of ljleworth, in the said County, and from

thence to a Gate *on the South Side of Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road, near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of the George, in the Town of IJlszvcrtb aforesaid, and for lighting and watering

Part of the said Highways j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Downs, and all the Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Cold Aston, otherwise Afon Blank, in the County of Gloucester-, with some Amendments; to

which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

' . And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Pocbin presented to the House, according to Bifbrooke, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com- Bili presented. monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bifbrooke, in the County of R.utland, and for dividing certain Commons, called Liddington Common and Uppingham Brand, adjoining, or lying near to, the said Manor, between the several Manors or Liberties to which the same belong, and for exringuish-ing certain Rights of Common upon the Open Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Seaton, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Benjamin Hammet presented to the House, ac- Pennveored cording to Order, a Bill for allowing a Drawback of TV? Wofrlt!,

A, - P _ Bill piefented.

the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on The -nygored Works in -the County of Pembroke: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl Ludlow reported from the Committee, Womditch to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclo*"7Blll

. 1 , - 1 T . 1:5* 1 eported, and

and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, re-committed, and Commonable Places, of Womditch, in the Parish of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 3 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 220 Acres, who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole of the Property intended to be inclosed consists of 70^ Acres and 2 Roods; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the*

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

And some of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed. That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

The Earl Ludlow reported from the Committee, to Grent Cat-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, ported,‘ re* and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Great Catworth, in the Counties of Huntingdon, and Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the.

House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 47 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 67 Acres, and One Common Right and a Half, who could not be met with, or were incapable of consenting; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 2,044 Acres, and there are Twenty- three

Bill forapply-ins: Deri v Tvi i i i i j a Monty pulled.

Petition for repairing* &C* the Footway* of Kerfingtoti li gh Street, reported.

3 5 Geo. III.

three Common Rights and a Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,* which thry had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivtnd the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for applying certain Sums of Money, raised in the County of Derby by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Rejclved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for applying certain Sums of Money, raised in the County of Derby by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Lord John do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. ‘Tucker Steward reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the High Street in the Town of in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Wherethefame W2S read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Stokes being examined, said. That the Foot* -ways within the said High Street, have for several Years been paved, and the fame, and also certain Courts and Alleys adjoining and communicating the rewith, have been clcanfcd, lighted, watched, and watered at a considerable Expence to the Inhabitants, under the Direction of certain Trustees, appointed by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

That, by a Bill now depending for repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner, through the said High Streer, to Courier's Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, the said Footways are put under the Management of the Trustees to be appointed by the said Bill, and a certain Annual Sum is made payable towards defraying the Expence thereof.

And the Witness said. That it would be more beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said Street, Courts, and Alleys, if the several Provisions relating to the said Footways were to be left out of the said Bill, and Commissioners appointed by a separate Act of Parliament for keeping the said Footways in Repair, and for lighting and watching the fame, and also the said Courts and Alleys, and for removing and preventing all Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Doctor Richard Payne, being'examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for keeping in Repair the Footways in the High Street of the Town of Kenftngton, in the county of,

and for lighting and watching the said Street, and also certain Courts and Alleys communicating the rewith, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Tucker Steward and Sir William Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

2 99

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for more eflfeftually repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint Margaret,

Chelsea, and Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering the fame, except a certain Part thereof, is committed; That they do leave out of the said Bill such Parts thereof as relate to the Footways within the High Street in the Town of Kenftngton.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the City o and the

Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of into the said

River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isleworth in the County of Middlesex'. And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a BilPfor dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the in

the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, or One of them, and also, a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Clifton Heath, in the Parishes of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Tkiftles aforesaid, and Cl/ton Campville, in the County of Stafford, or One of them: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. William M'Dowall reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing. Freeholders, Heritors, and Commissioners of Supply, in the Counties of Linlithgow and or One of them, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that the Notice was not affixed on the Session House Door for the County of Lanerk at the last Michaelmas Quarter Session, the Sheriff Clerk of the County, who had been written to for that Purpose, not having received the Letter till after the Session, but Notice of the intended Application to Parliament was affixed on the Door of the House where the Michaelmas Head Court for inrolling Freeholders for electing Members to serve in Parliament for the County of Lanerk, was held, on the 7th Day of October last, being not more than Five Days after the Michaelmas Quarter Session, which Michaelmas Head Court is generally attended by a great Number of Persons, and the principal Freeholders of the County, and that the Agent in Town for the Bill did not know that the Notice had not been regularly given till after the January Session, and that the Easter Session is to be holden within a few Days from this Time, and that those Courts are attended by very few Persons, and that the present Application is only for the Renewal of the Term, borrowing a further Sum of Money, and for making some other Regulations, but that the Tolls are not to be altered in any Respect); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,

and

5 0 Martii.

Instruction to Committee oa Hyde Park Corner, Ken-fin^ton, &c. Roads Bill to leave cut certain Parts thereof.

Petition in favour of Datchet and Isleworth Canal Bill*

Newton Regis,

&c. Inclosure Bill presented.

Almond and Baillielion, &c. Roads Petition reported.

5° Martii. ' 1795.

n.iy appointed tot Second Jicading of Watfoiti and Sr. Alban's Canal Bill*

Order foi Second Reading of Poor Relief Bill read.

Royal AfTcnt to bills.

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared, to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, " an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over Ihe Water of , by the

Town of Bathgate, to Baillieston, and certain Branches

of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, was read, whereby it appears, that several Tolls or Duties were made payable, and Powers were granted to the Trustees thereby appointed to borrow the' Sum of f. 10,000 upon the Credit of such Tolls or Duties: — Then,

A Member present, informed your Committee, That the Trustees have borrowed the said Sum of £. 10,000, and have duly applied the fame, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, in making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair the said Roads, and for the other Purposes required by virtue thereof; and that the said Roads are of great Public Utility; but that in order to complete and effectually to repair and keep in repair the said Roads, and to provide for the Re-payment of the Money expended upon the fame, it will be requisite that the Trustees appointed by the said Act should be empowered to borrow a furtherSum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls or Duties thereby made payable, and the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to continue, extend, and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of on the Con-

fines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Act: And that Mr. William Mc Do wail and Lord Frederick Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and extending a Navigable Cut from the Town of , in the County of Hertford, to the Town of Saint Alban, in the same County, be read a Second Time upon WednesdaySevennighr, the 18th Day of this Inllant March.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws rclating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief * of the Poor," as prevents the distri buting occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cafes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords; authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal AflTent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do delire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at thtf De* fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public arid Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of WaHis Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke <5f Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act f >r the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal to vary the Course of a certain Part of the said Canal, in the County of Hertford, I'o as to render the Navigation thereof more safe and convenient, and for-making l'ome other Amendments and Alterations in an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal:

An Act to amend and redder effectual so much of an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to improving the Entrance into the City of Worcester from the London and Upton Roads:

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge, which lies in the Parish of Kenftngton, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounftow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook; and for repairing, turning, or altering the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Yeddington Field, and also the Highway leading out of the said Great Road near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of the George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bijhampton, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, called North Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of North Petherton in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Martin Stamford Baron,in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands in the Townfiiips of Frees,

Fauls, Mickley, Wiliaftcn, Morton Say, Longford, and Stanton upon Hineheath, in the County of Salop:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows,

35 Gfio. III.

5° Martii.

361

Poor Relief Bill committed.

Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bridge C in the County of

Rutland:

An Act for naturalizing JCankrieni An Act for naturalizing Frederick Albert and

Simon Maurice Belbmann:

An Act for naturalizing John an In-

fant, of the Age of Twelve Years:

An Act for naturalizing Peter An Act for naturalizing Matthew.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cafes, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

The Lords lave palfcd

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session, and the said Translation is as followeth j viz.

TRANSLATION of a Treaty between His Britannick Majesty and the Duke of

wick, signed at Brun/ the 8th of Novem-

ber 1794.

Re it known to those whom it does and may concern: The present Situation of Affairs in Europe, having caused a Delire in His Britannick Majesty, that a. Corps of Brun/wick Troops shou Id be granted to Him*

the most Serene Duke of Brun/wick has seized, with all possible Eagerhefs, the Opportunity of proving his unalterable Attachment#) His Britannick Majesty, and his Zeal for every Thing that can tend to the Good of the Country; to which Effect his Serene Highness has engaged himself to furnish to His Britannick Majesty, a Corps of TwoThoufand Two hundred and Eighty-nine Men. In order to conclude a Treaty re-

And a Motion being made, and the Questfon being lative to this Object, His Britannick Majesty has named

Tellers for the Yeas,

91-

put. That the Bill be committed j The House divided.

The Yeas went forth;

f Sir William Young,

I Mr. Buxton:

TC.er.for d» Noes, !«"'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committed to Sir William Young, Mr. Buxton, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in Chamber.

2.

on His Part, the Honourable William Elioti and the most Serene Duke of Brun/wick has named on his Side, the Sieur John Eaptifte de Feronte de Rotencreutz, his Minister of State, and Knight of the Royal Order of Oanebrog.

These Two Ministers Plenipotentiary, after the Exchange of their full Powers* have agreed to the following Articles j

Article I.

fegfmoii front 'Woikingtoo vespecting the War.

The most Serene Duke of Brun/wick furnifties, in the Speaker's virtue of the present Treaty, to His Majesty the King of Great Britain, a Corps of Troops, amounting in the whole to Two thousand Two hundred and Eighty-

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Ship Owners, and In- nine Men, amongst whom is included a Company of habitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Work- Horse Chafleursof One hundred and Five Men: This ington, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Corps shall be furnished with the following Artillery, forth. That the Petitioners, deeply affected by the un- Namely, Four Six-Pounders, a Battery of Six Si^-paralleled Calamities of the present War, and most Pounders, Two Three-Pounders for the Corps of Chas-icriously alarmed at the Situation into which this feurs. This Artillery shall be provided with every Country is brought, with their Trade already greatly Thing necessary to its complete Equipment.

Brydgfs Charity Eiiate Bill.

depressed, and with the Prospect of Burthens which threaten its Ruin* and having no Hope that any of the avowed Purposes for which the War is carried on, can ever be attained, do most humbly intreat the House to use their urmost Endeavours to bring it to a speedy Conclusion, and to restore td this Country the Blessings of Peace should, however, such Endeavours of the House prove ineffectual, they are ready to sacrifice every thing in Defence of theif Country, and, with Patience and Fortitude, to submit to whatever Burthens the Emergency of the Times may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Composition of the aforesaid Corps is according to the following Statement j Men;

ift. The Staff — — — 27

ad. A Regiment of Infantry — — 7*4

3d. A Second Regiment of Infantry — '724

4th. A Corps of Horse and Foot Chasseurs — 454 5th. A Detachment of Artillery, forming Two Companies, including Artificers, Workmen, and Servants necessary for the Train — — j6o

Total — 2,289

Bry^-T".* Charity Estate 3ill lead.

Trrvy with the of

Br*»niw ick,

tnd lej'amts Article, pre-feme'l.

Article II.

These Troops, at the Time of their March, shall be well disciplined, completely armed and equipped, and his most Serene Highness engages himself, during The Lords have patted a Bill, Intituled, An Act for the Exiftenccof this Treaty, to keep the said Troops Sale of an Estate in the City of Hereford, given by on the most proper Footing, in order that they may William Brydges, Esquire, for certain Charitable Pur- . be employed with Success in the Military Services puffs, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale which shall be required of them by virtue of the pre-r> <*-- -- -L- T -~J- -L- sent Treaty, the Duration of which is fixed to Three

Years, counting from the Day of its Signature.

These Troops shall not be separated, unless the Necessity of the War shall require it, but they shall always remain under the Orders of their Chief, fubor-dinate to the Command of the General to whom His Mr. Secretary Dundaspresented to the House, pur* Britannick Majesty shall entrust that of the whole Army.

1 A A A ..fa a U1. . «fl — x "ii 1 j _ t i n. ?. l a x _ . /l — - - l _

to the like Purposes 3 to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Duke of Brun/wicktfigned at Brun/wick, the 8th of Novem-

ber 1794, and separate Article; and Translation*

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Vol. L.

It will depend on His Britannick Majesty to retain this Corps of Troops in His Service all the Time of the Duration of thisTreaty,to make Use of them in any Part of Europe where He may have Occasion for them, provided it be not on Board the Fleet. The said Troops shall take the Oath of Fidelity to His Britannick Majesty at their

4 H First

302 5* Mar . 1795.

First Review beforft an En Commissary, without any Prejudice, however, to that which they have taken to the most Serene Duke: His said most Serene Highness shall moreover retain the Nomination to all Employments and Offices that may become vacant, and the Administration of Justice shall in like Manner be priferved to him.

Article III.

This Corps of Troops shall be ready to pass in Review, and to put itself in March, on the First of next January, or sooner if it can be done; nevertheless, as it is to be feared, that considering the Difficulty of fur-niffiing, in so ffiort a Time, every "^hing necessary to the Equipment of the said Corps, it is agreed, to cause this Corps to march ifj Two Divisions, One of which shall begin its March on the First of , or

sooner if it can be done, and the Second the First of February, or fuoner if it can be done, without this influencing upon the Payments which are to take Place fertile whole Corps, from the First of January.

As to the Expences of the March, the following Regulation has been made. — This Corps of Troops being destined to serve in the Army of , it is agreed,

that His Britannick Majesty, in order to answer the

Expences of this long March, shall cause to be paid, immediately after the Signature of the Treaty, to the Agent of his most Serene Highness at London, the Amount of Three Months Pay on the Footing of the Brabant me Fay; and as to the Period of the Return of the said Troops into the Country of it is agreed,

that His Britanniat: Majesty shall cause this Return to

be notified Three Months before-hand; and with regard to the F.xpences of the Route, Two Months of BrabantinePay is to be allowed.

Article IV.

H is Britannick Majesty will cause to be paid, under the Head of Levy Money, for each Foot Soldier and Foot Chaffl-ur, Artillery Man, &c. &c. Thirty Banco Crowns, the Crown computed at 53 Pence of Holland, or at Shillings and 9 id. English Money, and for each Horseman duly armed and mounted> 80 Banco Crowns of the same Value, which makes the Sum of 73,390 Banco Crowns; this Sum shall be paid immediately after the Signature of the present Treaty.

Article V.

As to what relates to the Pay and Allowances both Ordinary and Extraordinary of the said Troops, during the Time that they shall be in the Pay of Great Britain, it is agreed, that this Pay, and all the Emoluments, shall Commence from the Firftof January next, and shall continue until the Day wherein the Troops shall return into their respective Garrisons; His Britannick Majesty will moreover cause to be paid unto them the Tay and the Emoluments for the Remainder of the Month in the which thele Troops shall have returned into their Garrisons.

It is moreover agreed, that if these Troops shall happen to serve in the Empire, they shall enjoy the same Pay, and the same Advantages, which His Majesty grants to His German Troops, according to the effective State in which the said Corps shall be delivered, which shall be verified by a Statement, signed by the respudtive Ministers of the High Contracting Parties, which shall have the same Force as if it were inserted Word fur Word in the present Treaty; so long as thele Troops shall be employed in the Low Countries, they shall be treated, with respect to Pay and Emolument, Ordinary and Extraordinary, on the Footing of the Brabantine Pay,it being well understood that in the One and in the other Cafe, that is to say, in that of the German Pay, as well as in that of the Brabantine Pay, the Allowances shall not be below what has been granted in former Wars to the Hef~ fun Troops; and if the Nature of the War shall require that thele Troops should serve in other Coun-

tries on the Continent of Europe than in the Countries above-mentioned, they then shall be placed on the same Footing, in every RespeCi, as the most favoured of His Majesty's Auxiliary Troops; if it should happen that they should be employed in Great Britain or Ireland, they shall be placed on the same Footing, in every Respect, as the British National Troops: All these Allowances for the said Troops shall be paid into the Military Chest of his most Serene Highness, without any Abatement whatever.

Article VI.

Every Obje£t relating to the Equipment of the Officers having considerably increased in Price during this War, His Britannick Majesty will cause to be paid Three Months of Brabantine Pav to all the Officer? of the Corps, to answer, in Part, the F.xpences of their Equipment, which must be done with a Disparch which will infinitely increase their Expence.

Article VII.

With respect to the Subsidv which His Britannick Majesty shall pay to the most Serene Duke of Brurf-wicky during the Three Years that this Treaty is to last, it is stipulated that it shall be an Annual Subsidy of Sixty-four thousand Six hundred and Eighty-seven Banco Crowns, the Crown being reckoned at Fifty-three Pence of Holland or at Four Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings EngHJh Money. And if thele Troops should be sent back into the Territories of Brunswick, before the Expiration of the Three Years, this Subsidy of Sixty-four thousand Six hundred and Eighty-seven Banco Crowns shall be, neither more or leis, paid during Three Years, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the Treaty.

Article VIII.

If it should happen that One of the Regiments, Battalions, or Companies of this Corps should finTer an Extraordinary Loss, whether in Battle or at a Siege, or by any uncommon contagious D.ftemper, or t>y other Accidents; or if the Cannon or other Military Effects with which it may be provided, fh Mild be taken by the Enemy, His Majesty the King of Great Britain, will pay the Extraordinary Expences of the necessary Recruits and re-mdunting, as well as the Loss of Cannon, &c. &c. in order speedily to restore the whole Corps to a serviceable State. — He will reimburse, in the most equitable Manner, the Loss of both Officers and Soldiers; with regard to this Reimbursement, every Thing that has been stipulated in tie Treaty concluded with the most Serene Highness the Landgrave of lleffe CaJJelon the iotli of April 1793, shall be adopted.

Article IX.

It is agreed, that at the Review which is to be made every Spring, at the Opening of the Campaign by the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty, the Corps must be complete, or the Pay of those who are wanting shall be withheld; on th.e other Hand, the Pay of those who may be wanting from One Review to another, shall not be withheld, but shall be paid without Abatement on the Footing of the full Complement; instead of what was formerly paid, in similar Cafes, for the recruiting of One killed or Three wounded, it is agreed, that each Recruit furnished, shall be paid for, without Distinction, at the Rate of Twelve Banco Crowns a Head, under express Condition, however, that the Payment which is here agreed upon, shall only regard the Recruiting which is referred to in this Article.

Article X.

The Sick of the said Corps shall be attended by their Physicians, Surgeons, and other Persons appointed for that Purpose under the Orders of the Commander of this Corps of Troops.; and every Thing shall be granted to them which His Majesty grants to His own Troops.

Article

Bill for requir-»bj Owners of Snip* to fur-nifti Men for the Navy, postponed.

Bigamy Bill del cried.

Bill for ?rant-

i»'<t ;uldmoral Duties of Caftans deferred.

35 Geo. III. 50- — 6d Martiu 303

Article XI;

All Deserters from this Corps shall be faithfully given un wherever they may be discovered in the Countries dependent upon His Majesty.

Article XII.

All Trn.nfports of Men and Military Effects shall be done at the Expence of His Britannick Majesty, during the whole Time, of these Troops being in the FieJd.

Article XIII.

It is agreed, that the Corps of Troops

shall enjoy every Advantage granted to the most Serene Landgrave of llejfe by the Treaty of the 10th Day of April 1793, and its Secret Articles; moreover, every

Thing which is not determined by the preceding Articles in a precise Manner, is to be hereafter regulated upon the Principles of Equity and good Faith, which have conduced the present Negociation.

Article XIV.

This Treaty shall be ratified by the High Contracting Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged as loon as possible.

Done at BrunJvjick, this 8th Day of November »79+-

(L. S.) l'/m Eliot.(L. S.) Jean de

Rotencreutz.

Separate Article.

It is determined that this Corps of Troops shall enjoy Brabantine Pay, being destined to serve in the Army

of the Low Countries: But the Expedition with which it was necessary to complete the present Treaty, not permitting a State of the Bra Pay to be added thereto, the under-signed Minister of His Britannick Majesty engages himself to cause to be delivered to the Minister of the most Serene Duke, as soon as it can be done, a complete Statement of Brabantine Pay, on the same booting as it is allowed to the Hessian Troops. In this Statement of Pay shall also be speefied the Number of Rations and Portions allowrd, as well as all the other Emoluments enjoyed by the lleffian Troops actually in Brabant: This Communication of the Statement of Pav (hall-be made with the accustomed good Faith, and without any Reserve.

Done at Brunswick,this 8th 1794.

(L. S.) Wm Eliot. (L. S.) Jean Baptijle de Feronee de

Rotencreutz.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table,

to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for requiring the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to Great Britain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their reflective Voyages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfcifintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for inflicting a greater Punishment on Persons who shall be convicted of the Crime of Bigamy.

Rcjorecdy That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rdolve itielf imo the said Committee.

The Order or the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for granting additional Duties of Customs on the several Articles therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way of Annuities j

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read 5

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine and Sweets.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant JVatJon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Wation reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare -an Estimate of the Expr-nce of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The postponed Order of the Day being read j

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for re-qoirin<' the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to Great Britain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° dMartii;

Anno 35* Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1795. Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Holme upon the Welds, in the Parish of Holme upon the M'cids, in the East Riding of the County oiToky and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed

Lands

Bill fcr raising a Sum by Annuities deferred.

Committee on Foreign Wine and Sweets additional Duties Bill.'

Committee appointed to piepare Estimate of A Ilow-ancentoMilttia Officers.

Committee on re-committed Bill for requiring Owners of Ships to furnish Men for the Nay,.

Holme upon the Wolds Inclosure Bill committed.

304 6° Martiu A. 1795*

Lands in the same Township, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr combe, Mr. Wilber force, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition in A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer-Mum"* chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Inha-

Brook, *s*d- bitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of,

dieworth, &c. in the County of York, was presented to the House, °* *Bl and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from,

within Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Ripponden, in the West Riding of the County of York, and a Branch therefrom, at or near to or near to Byownbill, and another Branch therefrom, at or near Grains, to all within -

-worth, in the said Riding: And praying. That the said Bill may pals into a Law.

OrderedThat the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

ipswich Debt. . A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the or. Petition. Gaol for the County of Suffolk, at Ipswich, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

T able.

Hatley Tnelo- Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn prC-(ented!111>r* fented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for cme dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ratley, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Horicley Up- Mr PenruddockeWyndham reported from th* Com-ri^ht Gate and mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, HiVi*RoaT* and for amending and reducing into One Act the Bin reportad. Powers, of Three several Aft&» passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Horseley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, io the said County, and several other Roads near, or adjoining to, the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wrought*!* A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain inciofureBiii Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-committ . mon Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in that Part of the Parish o in the County of Wilts, which is situate, lying, and being, in the Hundred of Elftub and Everley, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -ruddocke Wyndham, Mr. Goddard, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Ludiow-fa* whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for car- . fc*nRoa<B rying into Execution an Act of Parliament of the pYmi0nr«t* Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma* porttd.. jesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Ludlowrfacb, in the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence, through the Town of to the River Amman, and several other Ro&ds in the said County, communicating the rewith, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and' afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Edward Jones, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, of which the Sum of £. 2,600 now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness added, That it will be necessary to alter the Toll payable for the Carriage of Lime.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty; for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, :'the Roads leading from Ludlow such, in the County of Carmar- (

then, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence through the Town of Llangadock,.o the River Amman, and several other Roads communicating the rewith:

And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Crickitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr, John Pitt presented to the House, according to Cirencester *nd Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Sirdiip Hill several Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencejfe in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to c:«ne«fter Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of.

several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Bill fwfenwd. Reign of King George the First, and the Fifteenth and Thircy-first- Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and certain other Roads therein mentioned:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of H is Royal Highness Frederick Duke of Petition from York, the Right honourable Charles Earl of Tankerville, y*°u|['dof and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, other.', against Farmers, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and canaUBiU. read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Plaice In the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Hatchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails 2 Head,

35 Geo. III.

6° Mar

3°5

A Petition of Sir William Gibbous, of Stanwell in the County of Middlesex, Baronet, Lord of the Manors of Stanwell and Hammonin the said County,

Head, in the Parish of Isleworth, in the County of Middlesexj and Setting forth. That several of the Petitioners are Owners and Occupiers of great Part of the Lands through which the said Canal is proposed to be and Owner and Proprietor of several Farms, Lands, carried, and all of them are Proprietors and Occupiers and Hereditaments, in the Parish of , and

of, or otherwise interested in, divers Mills, Lands, also, of the several Persons, whole Names are there-Tenements, and other Property of great Value, 'near the Line of the said projected Navigation and the Banks of the River Thames, between Hatchet and Isleworth-, and thac the making of such Canal will be highly injurious to the' Petitioners, and detrimental to, if not totally destructive of, the Navigation of the River Thames, and thereby prove an essential and lading Injury and Inconvenience to the many Towns and Villages on and near to the Banks of the River, to all Persons who own or occupy Lands, or carry on any Trades or I^lanufactures, or who re-fide near to the said River, within the Limits aforesaid: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and but the Lands and Grounds so overflown are very soon that the same may not pass into a Lawj or that the Pe- cleared cr drained of the said Water or Floods, by titioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, reason that the same run into the River Thames with-as to the House shall seem meet. out meeting with any, or very little Obstruction, on

A Petition of the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Account of the Flatness of the Country; and that the Albans, and of the Right honourable Aubrey Beauclerk, Petitioners are in Possession of, and entitled to, very

Petition from Sir William Gibbons and others, against Datchet and Isleworth Canal Bill.

unto subscribed, who are also Proprietors, or Occupiers, of Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Manors and Parishes of Stanwell, Staines,

Datchet, and Horton, in the Counties of and

Bucks, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth,' That the Petitioners find that the proposed Line or Level of the said Canal is from Datchet, through Ashford, which is nearly a level or flat Country, and through which run a great variety of Rivers and Streams of Water, which after the Fall of Rain overflow their Banks, and cover great Part of the Lands and Grounds in the said several Parishes with Water,

Petition from (be Duke tf

St. Albans, _

and iheEatl commonly called Earl of Bttrford, eldest Son and Heir againitDatchet Apparent of the said Duke, was also presented to the and HUworth House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Canal Bill. Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans, is Tenant for Life, and the Petitioner Aubrey Earl of Burford, Tenant in Tail of the Mansion House of Hanworth, in the said County of Middlesex, the Family Seat of the Petitioners and their Ancestors for near Two Centuries pad, and the said Canal, in its intended Course through the Parish of Hanworth, will run so near the said Family Seat as to be a great Annoyance to the Petitioners and the Occupiers of the said Family Seat, in not only destroying the Privacy and Retirement of the Place, but even endangering the Security of their Property, by

in

considerable and valuable Arable and other Farms and Lands, within the said Parishes, which now produce great Quantities of Corn and Grain of various Kinds, and they find, by the said Bill, that, for the Purpose of making and maintaining the said Canal, it is proposed, and will be necessary, to raise the fame, and the Banks thereof, considerably above the Level or Sqrface of the Earth from or near Datchet to or near Ashford aforesaid, by which Means (although even a great Number of Aqueducts shall be made) the several Rivers and Streams running through the aforesaid Parishes will, after Rain and in Floods, be prevented from flowing into the River Thames, and the same will be forced or penned back upon the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, which will ma-making a Public Way for Bargemen and others at ail terially injure and damage the fame, and render them

Mr*. Taylor* Petition against D° Bill.

Hours in the Night as well as by Day dole to their Park, and within a few Hundred Yards of the said Mansion House; and that the Petitioners, in calc the said Bill is suffered to pass into a Law, will also be materially injured in other Respects: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved fomthe Injury with which they are threatened, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Elizabeth Taylor, of Charlton House, in the County of Middlesex, Widow, Lady of the Manor of Staines, in the said County, and Owner of the several Rivers, Streams, and Watercourses within the said Manor, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner finds that the projected Line or Level of the said Canal is intended to be carried through, and to take into the said Canal, for the Purpose of supplying the same with Water, the Whole, or the greatest Part, of a certain River, Stream, or Watercourse, running through the Wastes and Commons of the said Manor, called Staines Moor, and to which the Petitioner is entitled, and the same is of very great Value for the Purpose of erecting Mills, and Mill Work, and other Purposes, but, in case the said Canal is made, the said River, Stream, and Watercourse of, and the Fall of Water belonging to, the Petitioner, will be taken away, or the Value thereof totally or nearly destroyed: And therefore praying, That (he may be heard, by herself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioner may have such further or other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just and proper.

Vol. L.

incapable of growing the same Quantity of Corn and Grain they have heretofore done; and the Petitioners submit to the House, that the said proposed Canal being a speculative Undertaking, and, if carried into Execution, very uncertain whether it will be any Benefit to the Public, and as it will be a certain Loss to the Public by the Injury done to a great and valuable Quantity of Arable Land, they hope the House will not fuflferthe said Bill to pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel,against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such further or other Relief as to the House shall seem just and proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

t. A Bill for taking down the Chapel of the Chapelry ll*y& on Chm-of Haydon,in; the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, and for building a new Chapel, in a convenient Situation, within the said Chapelry, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grey,

Mr. Duncombe,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill

Hillingdon and Cowley Inclosure Bill committed.

Hull Street Bill committed*

Bill to enable thr Pott matter General to open and return certain Letter#, pre-fbnted.

House refclret^ to adjourn to Monday*

Committee on Norfolk Ulind Judicature# ill.

reported*

Petition from 0«mers nf

Fiftling Vesselt It Harwich agimrt the Bill for requiring Owners of Ships to furnish Men for the Nary,

3 °6 6° Martii. 1795,

A Bill for dividing and inclbfing certain Common Fields, in the Parishes of Hillingdon and in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mainzaaring, Mr. Bytig, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

.A Bill for laying out and building a new Street, from Whitefrlar Gate to the South End of §>uay Street, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dutt-tombe, Mr. Wilberforce, &e.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the Hbufe, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty's Post-master General to open and return certain Letters contained in the Mails, made up at the General Post Office in London, for the United Provinces, on the 13th,

16th, and 20th Days of January 1795, and now remain-

ing in the said General Post Office: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolvtd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Oraertdj That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Mpiday Morning next.

Rcjolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Fioufe this Day, t^journ till Monday Morning next.

The Fioufe, according to Order, resolved irfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Pill to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parli iment, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to establish *' a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk Island and for better enabling His Majesty to establish such Court in the said Island.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the Fioufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Fioufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Petition of the Owners of Fishtng Vessels withia the Town of Harwich,in the County of whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them* selves and the absent Owners and Proprietors of such Vessels employed in the Fishery in the North Seas, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House for requiring the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to Great Britain, to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Propor-

tion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's NSvy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, which, if patted into a Law, will greatly injure the Petitioners and their Property; And-therefore praying. That the House will take their peculiar same into Consideration, and permit the Petitioners, and the absent Owners of Vessels concerned in such Fishery, to be heard, by themselves, or by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, to verify the Fasts dated in their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further regulating the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Pottage: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dcr/et, in the room of fames Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty's Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal,

The Lord Arden, according tocOrder, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for requiring the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to Great Britain, to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Proportion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, was rc-committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for appointing Commissioners for the' Port of London.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing in what Manner the Commissioners for the Port of London shall take the Oaths.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appointing the Quorum of the said Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that One Seaman shall be equivalent to Two Landmen.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the I-Ioufe, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

6 Ordered,

Bill for regulating the " Privilege of Franking, presented.

Bridport Writ

Re.committed Bill for requiring Owners of Ships to furnish Men for the Nary reported.

35.Geo. III. 6° Martii.307

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time tipon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended, be printed, as shall be suficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine, and Sweets, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Navy and Victualling Bills Outstanding in each Month to the 30th September Ouiitanding, 1793* w't*1 t^c Amount of the Interest due thereon, to *efewed. the ioth March 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, that he was dircCled by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Tca^Coffee, a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for

Nut*, «uw- granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on

tionai Dutie* Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts.

Blll‘ Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

National Debt Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-BiU prefenwd. der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty, the Sum of

Committee of 'Ways and Meant.

Account of

Foreign Wine and Sweets additional Duties Bill reported.

Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the C'ommissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next;

The House* according to Order; resolved itself into Committee or* a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for D granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Worts, Wash, and other Liquors made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and for preventing Distillers from making Use of Wheat or Wheat Flour in making Wash for extracting Spirits.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the- Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Foreign Spirits granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise Dude*r Bill. on Foreign Spirits. (

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report* when the House Will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That thr; Order of the Day, for the House Committee n to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill raising upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, Au*'

by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. _

Mr. Hobart tooklthe Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to supply- 4efer-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, rc<f-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma»-jetty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed, that Mr. Cawne, Clerk Account of to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, at- M«rcer* Corn-tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, p*nypr* *nte presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of <c the City of London, from the ioth of October 1793 " to the ioth of October 1794, directed to be laid before each House of Parliament by Two Acts,

" Oee

Bill to amend London MU litia Act, ordered.

Committee on Bigamy Bill*

Thirl Report from Committee appointed to take the Evidence in Support of Eau Brink and King'* Lynn Drainage Bill*

308 6° — 90 Martii. A. 1795.

One of the Twenty.first Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty George the Second, intituled, "An Act

*c for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London " and the other of the Fourth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for tf amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,

An Act for ordering the Forces in the several *c Counties of this Kingdom," as relates to the Militia " of the City of London; and for the bitter ordering the fame," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual the said Act: And that Sir JVatkin Lewes, Mr. Alderman yinderson, and Mr. Alderman Curtis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for inflicting a greater Punishment on Persons who shall be convicted of the Crime of Bigamy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had- gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 90 die Martii;

Anno 35* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1795. Prayers.

SI R Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, appointed to take the Residue of the Evidence which may be thought proper to be adduced in Support of the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk,draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of IViggenhall Saint Mary' % , in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, and

to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, and who were instrufted to admit Count'd for the Bill, and for the Petitioners against the Bill, to attend them on the taking of the Minutes of such Evidence; That the Committte had proceeded further in the Examination of several Witnesses, produced in Support of the said Bill, and had directed him to report the Minutes of such Examination to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Report is preserved amongst: the other Papers of this Session.

N B.A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Munip's Brook, within , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to in the

West Riding of the County of Turk, and a Branch therefrom, at or near Denjhaw, to or near to , and another Branch therefrom, at or near Grains, to Delph, all within Sadd/eworth, in the said Riding, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons thereunder written, being Owners or Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Township of Great Harwood, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House, to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Bury to Haslingden, and from thence to Blackburn, all in the County of Lancaster, as relates to the first District of Roads therein mentioned, in which Bill are several Provisions, which if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Petitioners Estates and Interests; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Agent, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the " Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to UaJlingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford " Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from " den aforesaid to the East End of Bridge, in

" the Town of Whalley, and also the Road from Haflingden a fore said, through New Church and,

" to Todmorden, and for making a Road from the said " Road, between Bury and Hin the Township <r of IValmersley,to the River Irzct'l, and for building

" a Bridge over the said River, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster," as relates to the First District of Roads therein mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Agent, before

JVTurrp\t Brcofc, rl't'wr.b, 4e>

Ko-mIs Bill

Petition fmn feveril Owr.css of Bftattc in Harwood afjnipft Buiy

Road* BiiL

Petitions in favour of Daichet and Ifl'.worth Canal Bill.

Newton Kegis, Sec. Inclosure Bill commit* tad.

Tempest's Name Bill committed.

B'fbrooke, Liddington, See. Inclosure Bill committed.

Ludlow-such and Llandovery, &c. Roads Bill prtfented.

35 Geo. III. 90 Mar. 309

the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition, of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of and the

Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of , in

the County of Stafford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of , into the said

River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of ljlcworth, in the County of Midi: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

jesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Ludlow-such,in ;hc County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Lla, and from thence, through the Town of Llangadto the River Amman, and several other Roads commuuicatin i therewith: And the same was received; and read the First:

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Pei;n?srre<l Coals used in carrying on The Penny gored Works, in the County of Pembroke, was read a Second Time. teU.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Allardyce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more " commodious, the Harbour of foterefting

" new Piers and Quays therein, and for regulating " Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of the " said Harbour:" And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aberdeen Hatlxmr Bill presented.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the , in

the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, or One of them, and also, a certain Common or Parcel of Waite Ground, called Clijton Heath, in the Parishes of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thijlles aforesaid, and Clifton Campville, in the County of , or One

of them, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. John Pitt,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable Sir Henry Vane, Baronet, to take the Surname and Arms of Tempest, pursuant to the Will of John Tempest, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Lambton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bijbrooke, in the County of Rutland, and for dividing certain Commons, called Liddington Common and Uppingham Brand, adjoining or lying near to the said Manor, between the several Manors or Liberties to which the same belong; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common upon the Open Fields and other Commonable Lands within the Manor of Seaton, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Lambton,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the Hotiic, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Nineteenth Year of His present Ma-Vol. L.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Montrose several Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Two-penny his Majesty King George the First, in the Seventh Year committed, of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of and Pri-

vileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Allardyce, Mr. Fergujon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Ciock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Tudwayreported from the Committee, to whom Burnham

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lyingand being within the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Some Jet, v*as committed; That the Commirtee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given th:ir Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Two Tenements having.

Right of Common, called Old Aufters, who refusea to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Eight such Tenements, who declared themselves Neuter; and that the whole Number of such Tenements is 136; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made teveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a1 Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrclfcd.

4 K An

3io

9° Martii.

J.

1795-

Horseley Up- An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and for rip,ht Gate and amen'ding and reducing into One Act the Powers, of Hiii Rotd* Three several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Bill pair-d. Reign of King George the First, the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Upright

Gate, leading down Bowden in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingjdown in the Parish of

Box, in the said County, and several other Roads near, or adjoining to, the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Re/plved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act, for repairing and widening the Road from Horseley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of King down Hill,in the Parish of Box, in the said County, and several other Roads near, or adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. J Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Womdhch Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to committed Bill whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open reported. and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, of Wornditch, in the Parish of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lords Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration Alton,]°ndo<1* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, insure Bill tituled. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open agreed to Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Downs, and . all the Commonable and Waste L.andS, within the Manor and Parish of Cold otherwise Aston

Blank, in the County of Gloucester.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. HjLfjvf out " subject to the Pay-

ant ( " ment of Tythe in Kind."

*5* J

' 1. 20. Leave out from " Clerk" to "is," in Line 30.

Pr. 2. 1. 7,. Leave out from " aforesaid," to

" and, " in Line 13.

1. 14. Leave out " Freehold."

1. 21. Leave out " Parish and Parish."

1. 31.- Leave out from " Parish" to " And," in Line 37.

1. 38. Leave out from " Palmer" to " And," in Pr. 3. 1. 38- and insert " and divers other Persons are Owners of the other " Parts of the said Open Fields " and Uninclosed Lands, with " Common of Pasture thereunto belonging."

Pr. 21. 1. 11. After "Vicar" insert "and his " Succefl'ors."

J 12 I

/ Leave out " and the Vicar for

and

»3* J

" the Time being.'

Pr. 28. 1. 21. Leave out " that" and insert " where.

Pr- 34* 1-3]

and i Leave out " before-mentioned.'

4-J

'1

Pr. 49. 1. 8. Leave out from " Law," to "And,"

in Pr. 50. 1. 5.

The said Amendments b?ing severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 27th Day of February last, for reading a Second Time, upon Wednesday next, the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River ‘Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of ljleworth, in the County of Middlesex, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon WednesdaySevennightj the i8ch Day of this In-

stant March.

Mr. Hippijley Coxe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and alloting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor of Banwell, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 31 Common Rights; who could not be met with, or gave no decilive Answer; and also, except the Owners of 8 Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and that there are in the Whole 252 Common Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An " Act to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of " Criminal Judicature in Norfolk and for

better enabling His Majesty to establish such Court in the said Island, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rrfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature, in Norfolk Island,'1 and for better enabling PI is Majesty to establish such Court in the said Ifljnd.

Ordered, That Mr..Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second to enable His Majesty's Post-7 master

Reading of the Pill

Datchet and Isleworth Canal Bill deferred#

Banwell . Incicfute Bill reported*

Norfolk Island Judicature Bill palled#

Bill so enahte the Poll -ms* iter General to oueti and re* tin ft certain Letters coin-ni; i ted.

35 Geo. III. Martii.

Report Ways and Means.

Navy or Victualing Bills.

KrcTicque/

Bills.

I>.

rmfier General to open and return certain Letters contained in the Mails, made up at the General Post Office in London, for the United Provinces, on the 13th,

16th, and 20th Days of January 1795, anc* now remaining in the said General Poll Office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according ro Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, -to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ail Persons inrerested in, or entitled unto, any Bills payable in Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, which were made out on or before the 30th Day of September 1793, who shall, on or before the lftDayofA/rfy 1795, carry the same (after having had the Interdt due thereupon computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Offices, respectively, to the 10th Day of March 1795) to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, to be marked or certified by him, or his Paymaster and Cashier, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be entitled, in respect of the fame, to One hundred and Eight Pounds Capital Stock for every One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, such Capital Stock to be attended with Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1795, to Payab!e Half Yearly, in Lieu of all other Interest, the said Annuities to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, and to be redeemable at the same Time, and in like Manner, as the Annuities established by the Acts of the Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Annuities to satisfy Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; and that the said Annuities ill a 11 be charged upon, and payable out of, The Con-fciida.ted Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Surn of Two Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest: thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1796, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million Five hundred Thous.md Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the firffc Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1796, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said RclBlutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions; And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townfleend, Mr. John Smythy Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr/ Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Morn-in gt on, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rcfe, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hcbart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas TownJIjend, Mr. John Smyth Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for granting to H is Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine and Sweets, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byWay of Ryder, to give the same Allowance and Drawbacks for the Use of the Navy, at the Port of Dartmouth, on the Duties imposed by this Act, in

like Manner as is done with respect to former Duties.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question pm thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. a. 1. 2. by leaving out the Word uFe+ " bruary,"and inserting the Word " instead

thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " February" stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine and Sweets.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Viscount Garlics, Sheriff Principal of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright,touching the Complaint made to the

House upon the 26th Day of 'February last, That the Writ, which was issued on the 15th Day of January last, for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Stewartry, had not been executed.

And the said Letter was delivered in at the Table, and read; and is as followeth; viz.

Dumfries, March 4th. 1795.

Sir,

Having understood, that it has been required by a Member of the House, the Reason why the Writ has not been returned from the Stewartry of,

after having been delivered to me as Sheriff Principal, I beg you will be so good as to inform the House, that every Avenue to this Part of Scotland from -burgh, where I originally called, in my Way here, has been flopped near I-oor Weeks, from the unprecedented Fall of Snow in that Country, which prevented me reaching this Mace before Yesterday. — I was induced not to forward the Writ to the Sheriff Depute by other Means, from a Conviction that a great Part of the Freeholders dispersed about the

Kingdom,

Foreign Wine and Sweets ad* rlirional Duties Bill passed*

Confederation of the Com -plaint respectc« tng Kirkcudbright Writ deferred.

Memorial from Officer* on ihe Bengal Rilablishment, ordered.

Bill for establiffiing the valued Rent of the Iffiinds of Zetland, &c. fcc. deferred.

Bill for rendering more

effectual Act for railing Men for the Navy, i nered.

Committee cn Bill for granting add it tonal Duties of Cuf-tums.

Bdi for requir-irg Owners of Ship* to fur-n«(h Men for the Nivyf palled#

311 90 Martii. 1795.

Kingdom, would be equally prevented from attending the Election, which in Consequence of the many Candidates, all would, I conceived, be desirous to do.

The above Reasons has caused the Deviation from the Usage practised on similar Occasions, but which I trust, when cor.fidered, will not, by the House, be deemed an Abuse."

With many Apologies for having caused you'this Trouble i with great Respect,

Sir,

I have the Honor to be. Your most obedient To the Right HonbI. and humble Servant)

Henry Addington, &c. &c. &c. Garlies.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Votes of the House, of the 26 th Day of February last, of the Proceedings of the House upon the said Complaint, and of the Order then made for taking the Matter of the said Complaint into further Consideration upon Lburjday next, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord Viscount Garlies do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant to give an Account to the House of the Delay in the Execution of the said WTrir.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint be taken into further Consideration uppn this Day Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant March.

tain to furnish a certain Number of Men, in Propor-. tion to the Tonnage thereof, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, previous to their being cleared out on their respective Voyages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that no Place of Rendezvous shall be established within the City or County of the City of London.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr>

1.

39-

To

Pn xi. 1. 3.

Pr.

Pr.

14.

3*

1.

1.

18.

I7*

leave out " of, " and insert " legally qualified to act for " instead thereof.

After " Peace," to insert legally " qualified to act."

After "and" to insert "they." After " Commissioners " to insert " of the Admiralty."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for procuring a Supply of Men from the several Ports of this Kingdom, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the' Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Memorial from the Officers on the Bengal Establishment to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, and sent to Sir Robert Abercromby on the 4th Day of August 1794.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for establishinjj and apportioning the valued Rent of the Islands of Zetland, Part of the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, and for regulating the Mode of giving Notice when a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said Stewartry is to be elected;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time uppn this Day Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a " certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in " England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy;"

and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Secretary Du)idas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting additional Duties of Customs on the several Articles therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingroliVd, for requiring the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to Great

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N® 1.' Regulations for railing French Corps for the Service of Great Britain; and Translation: And also, N° 2. Plan of Formation of a Corps of Infantry of Two Battalions; and Translation: And also,

N° 3. Table General of Pay, Subsistence, and Allowances; and Translation: And also,

N° 4. Table of the Surplus of the Full Pay above the Subflstence, which Surplus is to be in lieu of what was called in France, " Mafies Generate et de Campement, Paye-totale et d'Hopital," and is to answer all Expences that are not at the Charge of the Soldier; and Translation: And also,

N° 5. Li It of Articles to be furnished by Government to the French Corps; and Translation: And also,

N° 6. Letters of Service to Marquis Comte de Viofmenil, Comte de Due de La-

val, Due de Mortemart, Due de Cajlries, Comte D' Hervilly, Marshal de Broglie:And also,

N° 7. Letter of Service to Marquis du:

And also,

N° 8. Copy of Comte D' Letter of Service;

dated ift August 1794: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Comte D' HeSlor; dated 27th December 1794: And also,

N° 10. Regulations respecting the Organization and Service of the Company of Officers granted to the Corps of Royal Marines; and Translation: And also,

N® it. Copies of the Letters of Service to Comte du Frefor, and the Prince de Leon; dated 6th December 1794: inclosing,

State of a Company of One of the French Regiments now raising; transmitted in the Letters of Service to Comte du and Prince de

Leon: And also,

N° 12. Extract of a Letter from the Secretary at War to the Agent for French Regiments relative to the Corps of Comte du ‘Trefcr and Prince de Leon; dated War Office 14th January 1795: And also,

N® 13.

Regulation > See. for raising French Corps presented.

Bill for rendering more effectual Act for ratfngMeO for the Nary piefeutcil.

Bill for railing, a Sum by Ai.-iiuiiics leported*

Bill for regelating the Pri-♦ile^e of Franking, committed*

Di fti I Iery additional Duties Bill reported.

Foreign Spirits additional l>une$ Bill reported*

35 Geo. III.

Martii.

313

N° 13. Extract of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Prince de Leon, relative to the Corps of Gentlemen under his Command, and that of Comte du; dated War Office lath February 1795.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

* Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Number of " Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy:" And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

1

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, repotted from the Committee of the whole House, to Whom the Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way of Annuities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made, to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be-ingrossed.

A Bill for further regulating the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Worts, Waffi, and other Liquors, made in for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and for preventing Distillers from making Ufc of Wheat or Wheat Flour in making Wash for extracting Spirits, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which

Voi,. L.

they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill} with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second National Debt Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty the tJt_ COIIunit* Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order Being read accordingly i i The said Bill Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Comnrrittee of the whole House} upon the said Bilk

Mr. Rofo presented to the House, according to Or- Vellum, P»rch-

der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several addi- m*.nt» &c* a5*-

tional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper; and for repealing a certain Exception as far as

relates to Bonds given as Security for the Payment of

One hundred Pounds, or under, contained in an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty'S

Reign: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning*

Sir Watkin Lewes presented to the House; according Bill to amend to Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of p Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending so much " of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth " Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles " the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the " Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom," as " relates to the Militia of the City of London', and for " the better ordering the fame:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Billtocoi»in Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Newfoundiyid jesty, intituled, ««An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfand the Islands adjacent," might be read;

And the same being read accordingly 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fofr further continuing the said Act: And that Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Jenkinson, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved} Tihat an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *« An Act for preventing certain Instruniencs from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America, and to give to

4 L " His

American Trade Act* to be cen&dcred*

Ways and Meant deferred.

Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa

Kun aHdrion-al Duties Bill deferr ed.

Supply

deterred*

Bigamy Bill deferred.

Brumpfon and Lancnrter Rnads Petition reported*

14 9° — ic

*« His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, *« and the Inhabitants of the said United States/' might be read.

And the same was tead accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of " an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers " for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce *« between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with *« the British Colonies and Plantations in America,

,f with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned/' ftlight be read.

And the same Was read accordingly

The Hotife was also moved. That an Act, made ill the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Domi- niorts, and the Inhabitants of the Territories be- longing to the United States of America, far as " the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United " States," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Acts,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for inflicting a greater Punishment on Persons who shall be convicted of the Crime of Bigamy, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 1 o° die Martii;

Anno 35* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

MR. Dio; com be reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road leading from " the East End of Brumpton High Lane, in the County " of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence

6 Martii. ' 1795.

" to and through the T6wns of AJkr'tgg and Ingleton,

"in the said County, to the Town of in the County of Lancaster," and the other passed' in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and making more effectual the said former Act, and also for " repairing the Road leading from Richmond aforesaid,

‘‘ through Gilling, Meljonby, and , to Lucy>

" otherwise Loujy Cross, and from Gilling, through

Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gatherlcy Moor," and of several of the Creditors who have lent their Monies Upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read t And,

Mr. John Robinson being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which still remain unpaid, which Monies cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in sufficient Repair,unless the Term granted by the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts enlarged, altered, and amended. — Then,

Mr. John Rodham being examined, said. That it would be much more convenient for Passengers and Carriages travelling upon the said Road, and of Public Utility, if instead of proceeding from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, over the High Mountain called Camm, to a certain Place called Greenjtde Gatei and from thence to a Place called Gearstones, otherwise Graystones, in the Parish of iitshe County of York, as the said Road now extends,- the said Trustees were discharged from the Care and Reparation of that Part of the said Road, and instead thereof if the same was diverted and turned from the East End of the said Town of Bainbridge, to and through the Town of Hawes, and from thence up the Vale of IViddel to Gearstones, otherwise Graystones aforesaid. — And being further examined, he said, thatftt would be advantageous to the Creditors upon the Tolls of the said Road, and no Detriment to the Public, if that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brumpton High Lane and the said Town of Richmond, should no longer remain, and be considered as Part of the Roads to be repaired by virtue of the said former Acts, the same being now in complete Repair, and may be easily kept so by the ordinary Powers prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brumpton High , to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of Lancaster, and for repairing the Road leading from Richmond, through Gilling, M, and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Loujy Cross, and from Gilling, through Gilling Yown Lane, to the Turnpike Road on

Moor, and for turning and diverting the said Road from the East End of the Town of Ba.nbridge, to and through the Town of Hawes, and up the Vale of -del to Gearstones, otherwise Graystones, and for making, widening, and keeping in Repair that Part of the said Road; and for discharging the Trustees from the Reparation of that Part of the said Road which extends

from

March Drainage Bill prelected.

Burnley and Buiy Road Bill committed.

Burnham Inclosure Bill pafliwi.

Bnnwell

Inclosure Bill passed*

Rltlejr Inclo-sure Billeom-tnitied.

Mump4*

Brook, Sad-dleworth, &c. Heads Bill passed.

35 Geo. III. 10 ° Martiu 5

from the Fall End of the Town of over

the Mountain Camm, to Greenfide and from thence to Gearjlones, otherwise Grayjl and also from the

Reparation of that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brumpton High Lane and the Town of Richmond aforesaid: And that. Mr. combe and Mr. Wilbtrjorce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending Two Acts, of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Township or Hamlet of, March, in thelfieof Ely, and County of CambridgeAnd the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Bill for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,to the Turnpike Road leading from Bury to Hajlingden, at or near Edenfield Chopd, in the Town ship of Tottington Higher End, in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. burne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber*

County Palatine of Ldncaster,to in the

West Riding of the County of York, and a Branch therefrom, at or near Denjha w, to ot near to Brownhill^ and another Branch therefrom, at of near Grains, to Delph, all within Saddleworth, in the said Riding.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from the Trent Newcastle to the Mer/ey, at or near Stoke upon Trent, in the "nder 5^,7* County of Stafford, to the Town of wider coilmittcel-

Lytne, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl Gower Sutherland, Sir Edward Littleton,: And they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted B^ll for dividing and inclosing the Great Cat-Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Conv- . *n

mons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of ure p Great Catworth, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Great Cat-worth, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr* John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, Allotting, and in*, doling, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Somerj, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor of Banwell,\nt\\t County of Somerset, -was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor of Banwell, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

A Bill for dividing arid inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ratley, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to 9i Augustus William Shuck burgh Evelyn, Mr. Hobart, *&c. i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber*

An ingrafted Bill for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Mump's Brook, within Oldbani, in the County Palatine of Lancojler, to Ripponden, in the West Riding of the County of York, and a Branch therefrom, at or near Denfhaw, to or near to Brownhill, and another Branch therefrom, at or near Grains, tb Delph, all within Saddleworth, in the said Riding, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Mump's Brook, within Oldham, in the

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Womditci* Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Com- inc»ofiar« Bill mons, and Commonable Places; of , in the piffe *

Parish of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, wai read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, of Wornditch, in the Parish of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to -the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An ingrofifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill

for Sale of an Estate in the City of Hereford, given by committed. William Brydges, Esquire, for certain Charitable Purposes, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale to the like Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir George Cornewall, See.: And they are to meet ' this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber*

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Jhe'port.nan!^ enable His Majesty's Postmalter General to open and Genial to return certain Letters contained in the Mails, made up °Pen aDd at the General Post Office in London, for the United Letter^!*310 Provinces, on the 13th, 16th, and aoth Days of January 1795, an(l now remaining in the said General Post Office*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr* Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr* Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the o Amendments,

Cireuccftcrand Birdlip Hill Road Bill committed*

Committee on

American ^Trade Acts*

reported*

J

i o° Martii. 1795.

Amendments* in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Seco.nd Time, One by One} and, upon the Quefe tion severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thar the Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgrofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in* grofled.

A Bill to enlarge the Tetm arid Powers of Twd several Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip in the said Courity,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whdle House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being *« required from Ships belonging to the United States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a li- mited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of " His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United Statesand also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers ' of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain *« Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Com-« mcrce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States * of America,to the Trade and Commerce of this

" Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations " in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned *" and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue " the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade " between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions " and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to * the United States of America, so far as the same re- late to the Trade and Commerce carried on beeween this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries " belonging to the said United States," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chai: of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to

move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill order'd. Continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And that Mr*

Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Terrh and Powers of several Cwenetferani Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of |t-johlj'* King George the First, and the Fifteenth and Thirty- b!u commit-

first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King ted.

George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the county of,

and certain other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the'Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Hoofe being informed, that Mr* Owen, from Memorial front the Directors of the East India Company, attended at £^lie the Door, he was called in* and, at the Bar, presented wilwent,*' to the House, puffuant to their Order, presented.

Copy of a Memorial from the Officers on the Bengal Establishment to the Court of Directors of the East India Company* received per Nancy Packet ift March v 1795-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do Ik upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to p*dbury Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and iseiofure Bill Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Com- prereo,ed' monable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and \

Parish of Padbury, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who Estimate of were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers , Cported. of the Militia, in Time of Peace} That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read* and is as followeth* viz.

ESTIMATE

35 Geo. III.

io° Marin.

3*7

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Certain Allowances to Subaltern Officers of the Militia*

To 300 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia during the present War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of /. 25 per Annum respectively, in Addition to the Pay usually provided for their Attendance at the Place of Monthly Exercise - —

to 300 Ensigns, who shall have so served, an Allowance of £, 20 per Annum respectively < ——

L

£k s. d,

7>5°a — —

6,000 — —

J — -

Ordered, that the said Report do lie upon the t able.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to en-Cowmittecap* qujre what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they ate to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber*

Bin for grthtk Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

irg additional Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for MUKporwdV granting additional Duties of Customs on the several Articles therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afeerwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally. put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Dlflillery a.tdi- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

tionai Duti«$ Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to Billpaibil. His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, made in for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for preventing Distillers from making Use of Wheat or Wheat Flour in making Wash for extracting Spirits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ,be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for preventing Distillers from making Use of Wheat or Wheat Flour in making Walh for extracting Spirits.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ForeignSpiitu Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

addition! 1 Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His

Duties Bill v#l L '

paflcil. VOL. 1_.

Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Sum of Eighteen Bill for railing

Millions, by Way of Annuities, was read the Third Sum by An-Time. paired.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way of Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House NaUoTanDebt to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill! a upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of 1 Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be iflfued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning*

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Tea, Coflfee, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill and Coco* for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of ^"miDulles Excise on Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts, was com- Bill repotted, mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the-Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by

4 M the

Petition of cer-lain WitneiVet from Carlisle for Com pen fa-iron for their Attendance.

tV.Icim.Parchment, &c. ad* cluional Duties Bdl committed.

Rill for nifing a Su<n by Lo int or Ex-ehe»i er Brill pretcmed.

318 io® — ix° Martii. A. 1795.

the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Leans or Exchequer BilNpieicnted.

A Petition of Robert James, George pher Parkins, and William Nicholson, Inhabitants of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, on the 19th and aoth Days of last, the Peti-

tioners were severally served with an Order to attend this House upon the a6th Day of the said Month of February, with certain Public Charters, Records, Books, Papers, and Writings, in order to produce the same on the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, and others, praying to be admitted Parties to oppose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City of Carlisle, as such Right is Rated to be by a Report of a Select Committee of this House on the 3d Day of March 1791; and that the Petitioners, in Obedience to the said Order, have attended the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition of ‘Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, and others, but have only yet received the Sum of Five Guineas each, which was not sufficient to defray their Expences to Lond; and that the Petitioners, since their Arrival in London, have made several Applications to Richard , Esquire, who adcs

as Agent for the said Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, and others, for a further Sum of Money towards enabling the Petitioners to defray their Expences in Town, and to return back to Carlisle, but the said Mr. Jackson has hitherto refused to supply the Petitioners with any more Money: And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into Consideration, and order such Compensation to be made to the Petitioners, for their Expences and Loss of Time, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr.

Hobart,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for repealing a certain Exception as far as relates to Bonds given as Security for the Payment of One hundred Pounds, or under, contained in an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, be mow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for rendering more effectual an Afb of the Bill forren-present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a certain Number of Men in the several for railing Men " Counties in England, for the Service of His Ma- for the Navy, " jesty's Navy," was, according to Order, read a Se- coron,ltte cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Conv mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it is the Opinion of this House, That the Military Officers in the Service of the East India Company do now labour under severe and unmerited Grievances;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Motion re*

specting the East India Company's Military QfE» Cc'rsyluper* feded.

And the House accordingly adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

-- — " 1 — — T*

Mercurii, n° die Martii;

Anno 35® Georgii III*" Regis, 1795.

Prayers,

SI R Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, Fooi* Report appointed to take the Residue of the Evidence ,roin Commi*-which may be thought proper to be adduced in Sup- Jo ,akTihe port of the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Evidence in Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of j^j^nkand the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands king's Lynn adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands DraM»seBlU» adjoining, or near to, the River in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, and who were instructed to admit Counsel for the Bill, and for the Petitioners against the Bill, to attend them on the taking of the Minutes of such Evidence; That the Committee had proceeded further in the Examination of several Witnesses, produced in Support of the said Bill, and had directed him to report the Minutes of such Examination to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. — A printed Copy is with the Original.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hearing Hearing of of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage on

of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great King'sLynn Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Damage B;il Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also deferred*

2 the

r

Petition in favour of Datchet and Isleworth Canal Bill*

PreQon CNn-iiover, Baling-stoke, and Alton Road Bill

passed*

Almond and BailI»efton,&c. Reads Bill presented*

Hackney

Church Petition reported*

35 Geo. III. j i° Martii. 319

the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River -in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn,. in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Saint

Mary's in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze-,

Ordered, That the Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till this Day Seven-night.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Ifewin the County of Middlesex:And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall.seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do 'lie upon the Table.

An ingrossVd Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Candover to Baftngjloke, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to Alton, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Candover to Baftngjloke, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to Alton, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William M'Dowall presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, extend, and enlarge, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to fton, in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Le Mefurier reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for building the New Church at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking down " the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of " Saint John, at Hackney, in the county of,

" and for building another Church and Tower for the " Ufe of the said Parish, and for making an additional " Cemetery or Church Yard," was read: And,

Mr. James Spilier, being examined, said, That the Sum of £. 12,500 being the whole Sum allowed by the

Act, has been borrowed, of which 11,592. 10 8

has been expended; that it will require the further Sum of £. 4,000 to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, exclusive of the Balance in Hand, and the Value of Materials.

That Mr. Peter Banner, with whom the Trustees contracted to do the Carpenter's Work, has become a Bankrupt, and the Trustees find they cannot get the Work done which he was bound to do, without incurring an additional Expence of 2,200, unless the Trustees shall recover from the Persons who were bountj as Securities for the said Mr. Banner, the Suni of £. 1,800 which they claim from them, in which Cafe, the said £. 2,200 will be so far reduced; it would therefore be expedient for the Trustees to have a Power to raise in the First Instance, the said Sum of £. 2,200, to be afterwards lessened or discharged with, the Money to be recovered from Mr. Banner's Securities.

Mr. Richard Daun, Junior, being examined, said That the Powers of the Act are, in some Respects, defective, particularly as to the Mode of defending Suits, and the Method of borrowing Money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in* a Bill for amending an Act. passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John, at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for building another " Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, " and for making an additional Cemetery or Church " Yard and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the said Church, and other Works: And that Mr. Alderman Le Mefurier and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, and

in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for. repairing and widening the Road from The White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Dujfield and Chef erf eld, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of,

in the said County of Derby, and of the several Creditors upon the Tolls by the said Acts granted, whose Names are thereunto also subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Wotton Byrchinfhaw Thomas, and Mr. Nathaniel Edwards, being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted on the several Districts of Roads comprized in the said Acts, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof, altered,

amended.

Derby, Shes*

field, Duffield, and Wirkf-worth. Roads Petition re* portffL

310 ' ii ° Martii:1795.

amended, and enlarged 5 and it is necessary that fomC Addition should be made to the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from White near the North End of the Town of through

the Towns of Duffield and , in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of ff'irksworth, in the said County of Derby: And that Mr. and Lord -

veudish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

BuTrf'ned Sir William Young reported from the Committee,

' rep°' to whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King the

First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws " relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houfts, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cafes, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday the 17th Day of April next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Ariiendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

BiUtoeominue Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Newfoundland Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in judicature Act tf,e Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present pr*4n,c Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts " of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and " the Islands adjacentAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

American Trade Bill presented*

Mr. Ryder presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bigamy Bill Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of reported. the whole House, to whom the Bill for inflicting a greater Punishment on Persons who shall beconvifted of the Crime of Bigamy, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Hobfe, to whom the Bill for granting: to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered >That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossedv

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans Or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tb a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoyfe, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-live, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Corn-mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hottfe will. Tomorrow Morn* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to open and return certain Letters contained in the Mails, made up at the General Poll Office in London, for the United Provinces, on the 13th, 16th, and 20th Days of January 1795, and now remaining in the said General Poll Office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to open and return certain Letters contained in the Mails, made up at the General Poll Office in London, for the United Provinces, on the 13th, t6th, and 20th Days of January 1795, and now remaining in the said General Post Office.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to H is Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

6 A Moti«a

National Debt Bill reported.

Bill for raittrg a Sum by Loans or Exchequer B*ll# committed.

Bill fot raisin£ a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills committed*

Bill to enable the Poitmaster General to open and ie-turn certain Letters pa fled.

Tea, Coffee,

and Cocoa Nuts, additional Duties Bill patted.

35 Geo. III. n° — 12 0 M 3*2.1

Motion for

Account of Lettrr* sent or jpceived by Members. Neg.

Account of Letters f*nt or ftfttvtd free of Postage'by Persona in public Offices onitted.

Ways ami Means deferred.

fnrply deferred*

A Motion was made, and the Question being pur. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Numbers, and Amount of the Postage, of all those Letters which have been sent from, or received by, Members of this House, during the last Two Years} distinguishing each Year, and the Names of the Members respectively 5

It palfed in the Negative.

- % e*»

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number and Amount of the Portage of all such Letters as during the last Two Years, havfe been lent from, or received by, the Clerks and others in all Public Offices who are entitled to send and receive Letters free of Portage.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Rejc/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, to confirfer further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That rhis House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

'January, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, respecting the Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be Warehoused, and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in Consequence of such Orders 5 without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, inticuled, An Winterborx. Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Winterb Earls, and,

Allington, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also, ' *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Penley Incl*-Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste sure Lands in the Township of Penley, in the County of Flint; without any Amendment s And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tax

for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an gJjro,®on*rf Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax,

" to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyfive," together with those named in Two former,

Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax 1 without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Proceeding* onWestminster Petition* re-4j>c£ling the K>ghi of J£l*c-tion.

Member take* Oath*.

Jovisy 120 diMartti; Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Confederation the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Elcftors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and Liberty, as determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 6th Day of July 1789; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Elcftors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House, an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes j

Mr. Edward James Eliot, from the Select Com- Carlisle Right mittee who were appointed to try and determine the Election Merits of the Petition of'Thomas Wilson Morley, James term,ned» Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Wajlell, John -

Jon, Robert. Tarker, Thomas Wyley, John Richard

Rowland, Joseph Teoward, Ralph and Joseph

Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle and also, of the Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires 5 and also, of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland \and having a Right to vote

in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, respecting the Right of Election for the said City, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, is in the Freemen of the said City, duly admitted and sworn Freemen of the said City, having been previously admitted Brethren of one of the Eight Guilds or Occupations of the said City, and deriving their Title to such Freedom by-being Sons of Freemen, or by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman resident, during such Apprenticeship, within the said City, and in no others.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Confidemioo Seventy-three Members only being present, Mr.

Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the speaing the Day for taking the said Petitions respecting the Right Eight of Elec, of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster into Uon e w Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Th-Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord, and Mr* ktvc agteed to Walker:

for render- Mr. Speaker,

j/ig eff«£luai The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An iatTOceil n? Act for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in specting the Council, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of

EfeftTnvf 4 N Vpitrif,

Si*

13° — 140 — 16° .

*795-

Veneris, 130 Martii;

Anno 35* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

TroeeHiuRt r I H E Hour appointed for taking into Considera-Pct!tionin^er JL tion tke Pet'1'00 of the several Persons, whose % a'ing*the Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members ' Right of Elcc- to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of tloB‘ minster,being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of

Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and Liberty, as determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the , House on the 6th Day of 1789; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminsterpaying Scotland Lot, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, ta the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 6th Day of July 1789; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and no Member being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till MondayThree of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ttt toi iS Iwc agreed to

Bill for apply-in* Derby Militia Money

East Leriiavn and Great Dunham fn-lolure Hi)Jy with Amend* menu.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying certain Sums of Money raised in the County of Derby, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East Lexbam and Great Dunham, in the County of Norfolk; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lunce, 16° die Martii;

Anno 35* Georgii III*" Regis 1795.

Confit<*raripn' Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and P^on.'re-'" Seventy-three Members only being present, Mr. fp.tf.ng the Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the tbnl(Lfem<T* for takinS tkc Petitions into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, . Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Cunfi deration of Writ m in Iter P-tinons rc-J|>-Oing the Ki^ht of Election Jet erred.

Sabbati, 140 die Martii;

Anno 35* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1'795-Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster,being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of Heftion of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and Liberty, as determined by a Sclcft

Prayers.

*^tAC£>U ELINE Charlotte CotntelTe de Hompejcb, J and James Charles Philip , took the Oaths

.appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of,

being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and Liberty, as determined by a.Select: Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 6th Day of July 1789; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of

Westminster,paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Scleft Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Way of Annuities; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,-An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine, and Sweets; without any Amendment: And also,

9 . ' The

Hmnpefch and Bonwcn Jworu«

Proceedings on Welt tni niter Petitions rt-spet - in? the R'ghtof Election.

The Lord# hare agreed to

Bi'l for raising a Sum by Annuities.

Foreign Wirte ard Sweets additional Duties

Bill.

yVirignSpiiits

jp.r!d»t »on^l

Xft t(()c6 BlJl.

'Tea, C< ff o, and Cocoa J4urs, adili-t.oral Duties £.iJ.

piftii'crv sd-ii icniil Duties Bits.

Bill for procuring Mm from the feve-lai Ports for the Navy.

Noifo lc I Hand

judicature

Bill.

Keighley and

BradlordKoad

Bill.

Bintry and Twyford ludolure Bill*

Boys! Afleut U> Bills.

35 Geo. III.

i 6° Martii.

.3*3

The Lords have agreed to the Bjllj intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Worts, Wafti, and other Liquors, made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for preventing Distillers from making Use of Wheat, or Wheat Flour, in making Wafti for extracting Spirits; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for procuring a Supply of Men, from the several Ports of this Kingdom, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to " establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Norfolk " Island," and for better enabling His Majesty to

establish such Court in the said Kland $ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-Jarging the Powers, of certain Acts for repairing several Roads in the West Riding of the County of so far as relates to the Road from to "Bradford;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year,or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Bintry and in the County of

Norfolk; without aoy Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message by Sir Francis Mblyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Af-lent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of

Fork, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord

Archbishop of Canterbury,the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Wine, and Sweets:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee, and Cocoa Nuts;

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for preventing Distillers from making Use of Wheat, or Wheat Flour, in making Walh for extracting Spirits:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits:

An Act for procuring a Supply of Men, from the several Ports of this Kingdom, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy:

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five," together with those named in Two former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax: '

An Act for rendering effectual FJis Majesty's Orders in Council, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, respecting the Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be Warehoused; and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in Consequence of such. Orders:

An Act to repeal an Act, m*de in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in " Norfolk Island," and for better enabling His Majesty to establish such Court in the said Uland:

An Act for applying certain Sums of Money, raised in the County of Derby by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts for repairing several Roads in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the Road from Keighley to Bradford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Paftores, and Downs, and all the Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Cold-/1fton, otherwise Act on-Blank, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands in the Township of Penley, in the County of Flint:

An Act' for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Winterborne Earls and Al-lington, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Bintry and Twyford, in the County of Norfolk.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Three Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions respecting the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six GlalTes, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Thirty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Charles Dundas, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, admitted to oppose the Right of Election, as determined by the former Committee.

And

Westminftor Petitions rt* fuelling the Right of EieC* tion confi* dtred.

Order Tor bringing in Lapwonh and Kinglwood Canal Bill discharged; and another Bill ordered.

Lapworth and Kingswood Canal Bill presented.

Lndlow-such and Llandovery, 8cc, Roads Bill committed*

Montgomeryshire Writ.

Raft Looe Writ.

324 16° Martii. A. 1795.

And the Names of Five other Members, then pre-fenr, wctc drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Robert John Buxton, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, admitted to defend the Right of Election, as determined by the former Committee.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-six other Members, then present, were drawn, and set afidej Thirteen on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn) and Thirteen on Account of their having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lifts of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 3d Day of this Instant " That Leave

" be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable * Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and *f bark Canal, in the Manor of in the County of Worcester,"might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable-Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of into the War-

wick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kings-wood, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir John Mordaunt. Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, and Mr. Lygon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwitk and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Ludlow-fa, in the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of , and from

thence, though the Town of , to the River

Amman, and several other Roads communicating the rewith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, the Lord Sheffield, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eiefting of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Montgomery, in the room of William Owen, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffae his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eiefting of a Burgel's to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Honourable William V/esley Pole, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepttd the Office of Steward or BaililF of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke,

Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Bill for amending Two Acts, of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirty-second Year of H is present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Township or Hamlet of March, in the Iste of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitti General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalising Ja Comtesse

de Hompejch, and James Charles Philip Bouwens, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eiefting of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Prefton, in the County - Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of Sir Henry Hogbton, Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Roads from Darlington to West Auckland, in the County of Durham, and several other Roads in the same County therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fQund the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ac the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout» and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pasture Land in the Parish of -

ham, in the County of Lincoln, called The Cow Pasture, comprizing or including certain Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of Wintringham, called The Marjk, Rotten Sykes, Low Groves, and Western Greens, and other Land or Ground lying between the same Pasture and the River Humber, and for dividing and apportioning certain other Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the same Parish, called The Composition and Hall Closes; and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

9 Whitt

March Drain* age B 11 committfd*

Hompefch's and Bouwen's Nat. Bill committed.

Vrtfton Writ,

Darlington and West Auckland Road Bill repotted.

Wintringham Inclosure Bill presented.

Member added to bring in Derby, Sheffield, Duffield, and Wirkl-worth Roads Bill.

' v^.

35 Geo. III.

i 6° Ma

3* 5

loopy near the North F.nd of the Town of

if Du‘field and Chesterfield,

in

P*:rbr, fUv'f-ri'jltl, DuHi.-M, amt Wiikl-worth, Roaus IM1 preU«ited.

of London to the Town of C?icklade, in the county of ^ cc Wilts, as retares'to the Navigation of the said Ri^ i€ vers, from the Boundary of the Jurisuiftion oft " City of London, near Staines, in the County of Mid — ic dlesex, to the said Yown of Cricklade \* an:] h r extending and enlarging the Powers of the fai l h ver.il Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, accord- the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as tive ing to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the

White

Derby, through trie Towns r in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, the County of York, and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hal! in the Town of IVirkJworth, in the said County of Derby,

fame relate to the improving and completing of the_ Navigation of the said Rivas, from the Jurisdiction of

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the City of London, near Staines, in and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present dlesex,

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from L'he fl bite Steep, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Drffidd and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of 7~ork, and from the said Town of Duffle :d to* the Moot f J ill, in the ToV/n of IFirkJworth. in the said County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Rejdvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wilts: Time.

Resolved,

the County of Mid-to the Town of Cricklade, in {he County of And the same was received; and read the First

That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member a».l Jed t > brin£ in B.i; through lucloiurc Bill.

i hat who

rf»

Mr. Vyner, Junior, be added to the ire appointed to prepare, and bring

Ordered,

Gentlemen

in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the icveral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Barlbrough, in the County of Derby.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town, and County of the.Town of Southampton to the City of Nezv Sarttm, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Ncrlham, withiq the Liberties of the Town of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr ..Van-Amy at t, &c.: And they are to meet this at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Soufha »tj j >f-ot~ nnd Nc w n v f-uiTi Ca r.r.l XJt crommitteti

fit tart, Mr, Afternoon, Chamber.

Fulbrough Incloswte Bill picicated.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Barlbrough, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Swnrbv Inclo-iure Bill pro ler.ted.

Ofbournby ?.m! New;on Inc loin re Bill ^relented.

Stamford and CJrcet'narrx Road Bill presented.

Thames and IGs Navigation Bill presented.

Mr. Vyner., Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, Common Stinted Pasture, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in the County of L.inccln:And the same was received j and

read the First: Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Oin the County of Lincch:, and a Plot of Half Years Meadow Land, 'called Mickling Meadow,in the said Pari fit,'and in the

Parish of Newton, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Heat:;cole presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, altering, and improving, the Hoad leading from the Great North Road, in the Town of Stamford, and County of Lincoln, through the Town of Oakham, to the Great North Road aforesaid, at or near a House called The Cross Guns, in the Parish of Greetham, and County o {RutlAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vdrfittart presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ft An Act to to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so *l much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and " Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation " of the Rivers 'Thames and lfts, from the City of Voc. L.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several and respective Towns and Townships of Dutton, Aighton, Bailey, Charge Chipping,

Leagrim, Forest of Bowland, Newton, S laid burn Ea-fington, Bolton, Holden, Saw ley,

Waddington, Bashall, Mitton with Crook,

Downham, Gijburn, Twiston, Rimmington, Worston, Mearley, Pendleton, and Wifwelwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,-That the Petitioners are informed, that the Trustees named in and by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping rn Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, then in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in -burn, and also from the Road from aforesaid to the East End of Cockjhutt Bridge, in the Town of V/halley, and also a Road from Haslingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to and for

making a Road from the said Road, between Bury and Hafdngden, in the Township of to the River

Jrwell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, are about to apply to the House to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act, and particularly to enable themselves to erect Four additional TollXjates, and for raising and increasing the Tolls, in such a Manner as will very much aggrieve the Petitioners, especially in the eftential Article of Coal, the Price of which, in Consequence of such Tolls, will be so much increased as to become an oppressive Burthen to every Individual, but to the Poor in particular, and will tend very much to the Discouragement of many Manufactures now established and establishing in the Neighbourhood of the Petitioners; and that the Price of Coal, by the Powers of the lafi: Act, had been raised from Ten Pence and Eleven Pence a Load to Fifteen and Sixteen Pence at Clitherjo, and more in Proportion according to the Distance of others of the Petitioners, and, should the present Bill take Place, the Price of the said Article would be increased to Eighteen Pence a Load at Clithero, which Load consists of Three W Bulheis, and the Distance travelled upon the said Road by the Petitioners is not Three Miles, viz. from Spartb Lane End to Ccckjhutt Bridge, in the Town of and that

the Petitioners are fully persuaded that the Tolls already received are amply sufficient to satisfy every

4 6 Purpose

Petition fro i tUt? I n #"» 1 > i t n: 3 t

of Clitherc»,

Ri i,

a^ainll f> itry-a. r-t -i i 1.1 fi i r» — denRoadi> Hill

16° Martii.A. 1795-

Purpose which the Trustees can reasonably expect, exclusive of the additional Burthen intended to be laid upon the Article of Coal conformed by the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That no Powers granted by the said Bill should extend to enable the Commissioners to raisethe present Tolls at any Bar or Bars now or hereafter to be erected any where between a certain Dwelling House, in the Possession of Mr. James

bank, at pr near the Lane End aforesaid, and

Cockjbutt Bridge, in the Town o for any Horse,

Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, solely employed in going empty for, or returning Jaden with Ccal.

Ordered, That the said Petition be, referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of f much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for amending, widening, turning, varying,

" altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a " certain Dwelling House in , now or late in the " Occupation of William , Gentleman, to

lingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburnand also, the Road from " lingden aforefml to the East End of Cockjbutt Bridge,

in the Town of Wballey, and also the Road from " Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church and " Bacup, to Todmorden, and for making a Road, from the said Road between Bury and Hajlingden, in the *c Township of Walmerjley, to the River and for budding a Bridge over the said River, all in the " County Palatine of as relates to the First

District of Roads therein mentioned, is committed.

Petition from A Petition of John Trafford, of in the County Palatine of La Esquire, James Hilton, agtintt Worf- of Pennington, in the said County, Esquire, Thomas it>y ton Cwaf M°rt Froggatt, of Dam House, in the said County, Ef-Biil. quire, John Batterfby, of Bedford, in the said County,

M Her, and Ralph Clewof Bedford, in the said County, Cotton Manufacturer, was presented to the; House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cut from his present Navigation, in the Township of Worfley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Township of Painington, near the Town of Leigh, in the said County; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners of several valuable Mills on the several Brooks or Streams of Water, called Westleigh Brook, Pennington , Bedford Brook,

jfftley Brook, Culcbeth Brook, and Brook, in the County of Lancaster, and they are advised that the said Bill, or the several Acts thereby referred to, contain no Provision whatever for the Protection of the Property of the Petitioners in the said Mills and Brooks, and the Contributory Streams flowing into the fame, and that, if the Bill, in its present Form, is fuflfered to pass into a Law, the said Francis Duke of Bridgewater will be enabled to alter and divert the said Brooks and Streams of Water for the Purposes of the said intended Navigation, to the great and manifest Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents,

against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law, in the Manner and Form proposed, but that the Petitioners may have proper and suficient Clauses inserted, for the Protection of their Properties; for that they may have such further or other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

WrflminiUr The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being JionCrai^"* returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend mi:tee ap« the said Committee delivered in to the House One of

p©mteH. the faj(j which had been struck by the said Coun-

fd in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the

Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un-struck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Charles Dundas, Esquire, and Robert Jsbn Buxton, Esquire, being added, the same was called over* and is as follows:

Thomas EJlcourt, Esquire, the Honourable Henry

Hobart, James Walwyn, Esquire, Henry Howard, . Esquire, Dudley North, Esquire, Sir Thomas Gascoigne,

Baronet, Francis Dickins, Esqqire, the Honourable John Thomas Townshend, George Porter, Esquire, Joseph Randyll Burch> Esquire, the Lord Porchester, Sir. William Heathcote, Baronet, Robert Wood, Esquire, Charles t)undas, Esquire, Robert John Buxton, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fubfrribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of; and

also of the Petition of several Inhabitants, House-holders of the City and Liberty of ,paying

Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on.Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, That they would well and truly try the Merits of the said Petitions, and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, Thac the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Memorial Memorial from the Officers on the Establilb- *['"! °1fl

. r \ _ /» *» ,« on OCngkl

ment to the Court ot Dueftors of the East India Com- Fflabiiftiment pany, received per Nancy.Packet ift March 1795, b® to Prmted» printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Cornmiueerf itself into a Conr mittee of the whole House, to con- uppy' flder further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And a Motion being made, That the Report which Report Efli-was made from the Committee, who were appointed "Ve»°to*Mmt!» to prepare an Estimdte of the Expence of Allowances, officen, tcia* to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia red* in Time of Peace, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sloane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sloane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directea him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Sloane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

35 Geo. lit.

i 6° Mar Hi.

3*7

Bill for rei

lating the ft vilegc of Franking* deferred.

Bill to enable Petty Officers and Seamen to allot Part of their Pay, ordered.

Bill lor granting additional Dudes of Col-toms deter ted.

'Vellum, Parchment, Ac. additional Duties Bill deterred*

Ways and Means defer* iod.

Bill for rendering more effeduat Act for railing Men for the Navy* deferred.

Bill for raising a Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills defer icd«

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further regulating the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, No'n-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas and Captain Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrorted) for granting additional Duties of Customs on the several Articles therein mentioned, be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for repealing a certain Exception as far as relates to Bonds given as Security for the Payment of One hundred Pounds, or under, contained in an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning ncxr, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to courtder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rendering more erteftual an Act of the prefrnt Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the " several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.'*

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five,

Resolved, ThattheBiil ^committed.

Resolved, That the . Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House-will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this fioufe will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws for regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Curtis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, That he was riirested by the Cooimittre to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Commttire on Laws for le-goUting the Southern Whale Fi/he-riu.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Bxchequtr Bills dcfeired.

Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature Ail committed.

American Trade Bill committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the lart Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth ct and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom," as relates to the Militia of the City of " London-, and for the better ordering the fame," be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Tudvoay reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition o( the Honourable and Right Reverend Shute the I ord B.shop of the Right honourable

Martin Bladen Lord Hawke, the Right honourable Charles Lord Sommers, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, Vef-trymen, Commissioners, and Trustees, of the Parish of Saint Mary le bene, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with, but it appeared to them that the Petitioners had not determined to apply to Parliament until the Month of December last, and that Inconveniencies would arise, and the Parish sustain great Loss, if Power was not given in the present SelTion to carry the Intentions of the Petitioners into Execution j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read j and is aa followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts made for paving, cleanrtng, lightipg, and watching the said Parish, and for other Purposes, were read. — And,

Mr. John being examined, fii ', That the

Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but find from the Extent and great Population of the said Parish, several Alterations and Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Acts; . A Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regu- and if they were consolidared and reduced into One,

Bill to intend LondonMiliti* Act deferred.

St. Mary le Bone P*ving# Petition reported.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

A Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of " Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the " 1-stands adjacent," was read Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

lating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read a Second Time.

it would greatly facilitate the Execution thereof.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next General CJuorur oeffio.;s of the Peace ro be holden for the

Corn,tv

32S' i 6° Martii.1705.

County of Muiddcsex, ant] in Three News-Supers, to he printed or, circulated in the said County, in the present Month of ManbgvcA in the Month of April following, or either of them, of the Application to Parliaring.t for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition,

T*'r«on . A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, Freemen, and r-u^tv^ic Inhabitants, of the Borough of Ciitbero, in the County «.i (Tuhrro, # of Lav caper, was presented to the House, and read;

i nuiy ' Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that denKoads Bill.' Trustees named in and by an Act, passed in the

Twenty.ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying*, altering, end keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, then in the Occupation of William IVAker, Gentleman, to Haslingden, and from thence to the Fait Fnd of Salford Bridge, in Blacklurn, and also from the Road from Haslingden aforesaid, to . the Fad End of Ccckpuit Bridge, in the Town of IVhal-h)\ and also a Road from Haslingden aforesaid, through A civ Church tnd Bacup, to* Badmorden, and for making a Road from the said Rc.ad between Bury and llafling* dun, in the Township of !Vaic;erfey, to the River Irzvell,

- and far building a Bridge over the said River, all in: the County Palatine of Lcncapcr, are about ro apply "*' to the I joule to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act, and particularly to enable themselves to erect Four additional Toll Gates, and for railing and increasing the Tolls in such a Manner as will very much aggrieve , the Petitioners, especially in the ettential Article of Coal, the Price of which, in Confennence of such Tolls, will be so much increated as to become an oppressive Burthen to every Individual, but to the Poor in particular, and will rend very much to the Discouragemencofmany Manufactures now established and establishing in the Neighbourhood of the Petitioners; and thac the Price of Coal, by the powers of the lafc Act, had been raised fiom Ten Pence and Eleven Pence a Load to Fifteen and Sixteen Pence at Chthero, and, should the present. Bill take Place, the Price of the said Article would be increased to Eighteen Pence a Load, which Load confills of Three Win defer Bushels, and the Distance travelled upon the faiu Road by the Petitioners is not Three Miles 5 viz. from Sparlh Lane End to Cockfhult Bridge, in tire Town of Whalley \ and that the Petitioners are fully persuaded that the Tolls already received are amply sufficient to satisfy every Purpose which the Truilces can reasonably expect, exclusive of the additional Burthen intended to be laid upon the Article of Coal consumed by the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That no Powers granted by the said Bill fiioi.id extend ro enable the Commissioners to raise the present Tolls at any Bar or Bars now or hereafter to be erected any where between a certain Duelling House in the Possession of Mr. James Brcckf-bank, at or near the Sparth Lane End aforesaid, and Cockfult Bridge, in the Town of V/h alley, for any Horse, Cart, Waggon, cr other Carriage, solely employed in going empty for, or returning laden with Coal. /

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, <c An Act for amending, widening, turning, varying, al-<c tering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a cer-c< tn;n Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the " Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Ilaf-iC H' gd a, and from thence to the East End of Salford " Budge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Hrf-V lingua: aLrelaid to the East End of Cockfleutt Bridge, c< in the Town of il l:alley, and also the Road from <{ llcfnvgden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup,

of toBcdraorden, and for making a Road, from the <c laid Road between Bury and Ilaflingden, in the Town*

of fuip of IValmcrfey, to the River irzjjcll, and for build-<c ing a Bridge over the said River, all in the County <c Palatine of Lane a.per as relates to the First District

of Roads therein mentioned, is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the Bo- Petition ;n f-r. rough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, and J of several of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Aihar/s ednat Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and B‘:i- read; Setting forth. That a Bid is depending in the House for making a Navigable Cut from the said Town, to communicate with the Collateral Cut from Bhe Grand Junction Navigation at Watford, in the said County; And praying, That the said Bill may pass

into a Law. - j

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

.1: ' .

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and v etitlons Irt Other Inhabitants, of the Town of Walling ford, in the j

County of Berks, whole Names are thereunto sub- uuvj-ih. feribed, on Behalf of themselves and others: And Caiulii.il. also,

A Petition of tire several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Abingdon* and the r

Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Blames, called or known by the Name of Hcg Hole, in the Pari Hi of Hatchet in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of Bhe Rails Head, in the'

Pari (la of Ifeworth, in the County of Middlesex:

.And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House fin all seem meet.

‘And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir V/atkin Lezves be added to the Member-added Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring ^j^in in, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Church BilL. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

<c An Act for taking down the Church and Tower be-t€ longing to the Parish of Saint John, at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for building another " Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish of and for making an additional Cemetery or Church <c Yard," and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the said Church, and other Works.

Sir Watkin Lezves presented to the House, according Hackney to Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Cil,jrcil &*11; Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, pfc<enu intituled, cf An Act for taking down the Church and " Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John, at <c Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for btiilding another Church and Tower for the Use of the <c laid Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery " or Church Yard," and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the said Church, and other Works: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy

L.

petition* in favcyr of Darchet and Isleworth Canal Bill*

Hlgb^ate and Battle Bridge, &c. Roads Petitions reported.

35 Geo. III.

176 Martiu

Mart is, i y° die Maftii;

Anno 35* Georgii III111 Regis, 179$. Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Gentlemen, Traders* and other Inhabitants, of the City of and the Neighbourhood thereof, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of , and the

Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of , and the

Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Papermakers, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Wycombe, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Buckingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also, A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Chippenham, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and Other!nhabitants, of the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also, '

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of and the

Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Berks, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Hungerford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Marlow, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Bucks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other' Inhabitants, of the City of Brifol, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames,called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails , in the Parish of Ifeworth, in the County of Middlesex: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Vol. L.

Estates, and Inhabitants within the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington,in the county of ; and also*

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, within the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex,.on Behalf themselves and others, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had dirt&ed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at ( the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. " M

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentione4-Petition, Mr. Jeremiah Taplin being examined, said. That the Highway leading from the Hamlet of gate, in the County of Middlesex, through a certain Lane called Maiden Lane, in the said Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, to Battle Bridge, is in, a very ruinous Condition, and incommodious to Passengers.- — Then,

Mr. John Bigzerflaff, being examined, said, That several other Highways and Pootways within the said Parish, which are not included in any Turnpike Atts, are much out of Repair, and incommodious, and that they are many Miles in Length and great Thoroughfares; and that the General Laws in being which provide for the Repair of Highways, do not authorize any Mode of raising and applying such Sums of Money as are requisite for the due Amendment and Repair of the said Highways and Footways respectively, and for discharging the Debt incurred in respect thereof.

And the Witness added, That it is necessary for the Safety and Accommodation of the Neighbourhood, and the Public, that some further Provisions should be made, and Powers given, for effectually amending,' repairing, and regulating the fame, and for discharging 1 such Debt.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Biggerflajf being again examined, said.

That it would be a great Advantage and Convenience to the Petitioners, if proper Powers were granted for examiningand regulating the Weights and Measures used within their Parish in the various Articles of Merchandize.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Middlesex, through a certain Lane, called Maiden Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, to a certain Place, called Battle Bridge, in the same County, and the several other Highways and Foot Paths, in the said Parish of Saint Mary, Islington (which are not included in any Turnpike Acts) and to enable the Inhabitants of the said Parish to raise Money for that and other the Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Buncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of ton High Lane to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of Lancaster, and for repairing the Road leading from Richmond, through Gilling, Melfonby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Lously CrofSi and from Gilling, through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gatherley Moor, and for turning and diverting the said Road, froyn the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, to and through the Town of Hawes* and up the Vale of Widdel, to Gearstones, otherwise Grayflones, and for making, widening, and

4 P keeping

firumpton and Lancaiier Roads Bill presented.

0

330 17* Martii. A. 1795.

keeping in Ri^atr, that Part of the said Road, and for discharging the Trustees from the Reparation of that Part of the said Road which extends from the East End of the Town of over the Moun-

tain Camm, to Grecnfid , and from thence to Gearfiones, otherwise Graystones, and also from the Reparation of that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of High Lane and the

Town of Richmond aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brydgtt Ch»- Mr. John"Pitt reported from the Committee, to reoortfi*t«mil11 the ingrafted Bill' from the Lords, intituled,

ijafM. An Act for Sale of an Estate in the City of

given by William Brydg Esquire, for certain Charitable Purposes, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale to the like Purposes, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Homptfch'* Mr; John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Nat. Bill*- whom the Bill for naturalizing Jacqueline Charlotte ported, Comtcfle de Hompefch, and James Charles Philip

Bouwens, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Much Marcle Sir George Comewall presented to the House, ac-Inrf0fildB, U cor^*ng to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the pr com . Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Much Marcle, in the County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refelved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aston Abbots Mr. James Grenville reported from the Committee, incioiure Bill to whonfc the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open ,p<,rte ' and Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Abbots, in the County of Buckingham, and for exonerating the fame, and certain ancient Inclosures, Orchards, and Homesteads, within the said Parish, from the Payment of Tythes, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and thac the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bit!, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Bedford and Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the Road leading from the Town of Bedford, in the County pre&aud. of Bedford, to the End of a Lane called Park Lane, in the Parish of Kimbolton,in the County of Huntingdon, where the same adjoins the Turnpike Road leading from Kimbolton to Eaton Socon, in the said County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Eat«» 9oco» Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and a

Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton Socon, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Luton, w«ft-enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the ®*‘e'. Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Road* Bill George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of committed, his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to Saint Alban's, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

John, Sir John Call, Ac.: And they are to meet thii Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Aberdeen the Powers, of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year Harbour Bill of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An comiwt " Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more " commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen, for erecting new Piers and Quays therein, and for regulating " Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of,

" the said Harbour;" was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tar dyce, Mr. Fergufon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Allardyce reported from the Committee, to Montwfe whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two-penny Three several Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of Mon-trofe, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onfc; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. OJborn presented to the House, according to H*nlow Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and inclosureliU Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, preeot*‘

5 and

3 5 Geo. III. 17° Martii, 331

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Henlow, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petitionm fa.A Petition of the Farmers and other Inhabitants fcrdimdst* the Towns and Parishes of Luton and in

Alban't Canal the County of Bedford and of the several Parishes of MU Caddmgton, Kensworth, StudbamHoughton Regis, -

stead, Kwpton, Redbourn, ', Harpenden,

and Saundridge, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for making a Navigable Cut from the Borough of Saint Alban, in the said County of Hertford, to communicate with the Collateral Cut from 5 Grand Junction Canal, at Watford, in the same County: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

PwWon from A Petition of several Proprietors and Occupiers of Toilerfty. Lands, and Inhabitants of Thame, in the County of

fc. igajnft Oxford, and of Towcrjey and , in the County Bucks, an<^ of several of the Trustees for the Care Roads Bill. and Management of the Turnpike Roads from

bury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame, to the Turnpike Road between Benfington and Shil-Bngford, in the County of Oxford, and from the Turn- pike Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road be-

tween P of com band Tetsworth, in the said County, appointed under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and of the Creditors of the said Turnpike Roads respectively, for and on Behalf of themselves and other the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, and Inhabitants of Thame, Tovterfey, and Kingsey aforesaid, and the Trustees and Creditors of the Turnpike Roads aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read) Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Aylesbury, through Prince's Rijborough, to West Wycombe, and from thence to Red Barn, in the Parish of Great , all in the County of

Buckingham, and also the Road from Prince's borough aforesaid, to Thame, in the County of Oxford; And setting forth. That several of the Petitioners are possessed of, and occupy, Lands and Hereditaments within the Parishes or Liberties of Thame, Towerfej,

and Kingsey aforesaid, which would be materially prejudiced, and the said Petitioners otherwise aggrieved, by the said Bill, if the same should pass into a Law as it host Hands "and that several Turnpike Gates have been crested in the Parish of in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or of Two former Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, which subject the Petitioners, the Inhabitants of Thame, Towerfey, and Kingsey, to the Payment of heavy Tolls, and, should the said Bill pals into a Law, the Petitioners conceive they will be further burthened with Tolls, and otherwise greatly injured and oppressed j and that the Petitioners, the Inhabitants of Thame, several of whom, are Traders, apprehend the ancient Market, kept in the Town of Thame for Time immemorial, will be prejudiced, and the Trade of the said Town greatly diminished, and the said Petitioners will be, in many other Instances, materially injured if the said Bill should pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners, the Trustees for the Care and Management of the Turnpike Roads aforesaid, find it very difficult to keep the said Roads in tolerable Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed and due on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Roads, and the Petitioners apprehend the Tolls collected on the said

Roads will be considerably reduced and prejudiced if the said Bill pafles into a Law, and that it will not be in their Power to keep the said Roads in sufficienC Repair, and to pay the Interest of the said Money; and that the Petitioners, Creditors of the Turnpike Roads aforesaid, have advanced several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the several Turnpike Roads, amounting to the Sum of £. 6,350 on the Road from Aylesbury to Shilling ford, and £. 1,450 on the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Poftcomb and Tetsworth, which now remain due, and the Petitioners are informed the Money arising from the said Tolls is not sufficient to pay the Interest due to the Petitioners, and to keep the said Roads in good Repair, and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law as it now (lands, the said Tolls will be diminished, and the Petitioners Securities thereby greatly prejudiced, and the Loss of the Money, due to them as aforesaid upon the Faith of an Act of Parliament, will be endangered: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by them, selves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affeft them, and have such other Relief as 10 the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be h'eard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voices t* Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- Committee 00 closing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- fure°Bitl"C mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, is committed.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Datchet anil upon the 9ch Day of this Instant March, for reading clmalBJl a Second Time, Tomorrow, the Bill for making and defaml maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

OrderedThat the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Seven night, the 25 th Day of this Instanc March.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation Lord* Amend, the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- ""ham end* tituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Great Dun-the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the' Parishes of East Lexham and Great,

in the County of Norfolk.

And the said Amendments were read and are as followeth} viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 35. Leave out " long," and in the same Line after " of," inferc " Ninety-nine."

Pr. 62. 1. ult. After " Aft" insert " save and except Ten Acres of such " Land as shall be allocted " nearest to the respective Parsonage Houses belonging to " the said Reftories."

Pr.

Petition from certain Inhabi-iai<tsofDundcc

i trfptding the War,

Bill to prevent

the stealing of dead Bodies, rdered.

Report Supply*

Provision for Militia Officers*

33*

if Marta.

A. 1795.

Pr. 63. !. ‘ a. After to" insert be computed »« from the Expiration of Twelve ,f Calendar Months next after " the Execution of the said " Award, and so as such Lease " shall."

1. 4. Leave out from " Inrereft" to

" and" in Line 9.

1. 31. Leave out " every such Lease," and insert "the said Term."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquainc them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. *

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Dundee, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, whose Names are there-underwritten, Inhabitants of the Town of Dundee, declare their sincere and loyal Attachment to the King and Constitution, and their entire Disapprobation of every Thing tending to clog and embarrass the Measures of Government in the present dangerous State of the Country: Fully satisfied that the present War was undertaken in Defence of our Liberty and Constitution, at the same Time equally anxious with the mott zealous of His Majesty's Subjects' for the Blessings of a solid and honourable Peace, the Petitioners rely with the utmost Confidence on the Wisdom of Government and the Legislature for taking the Steps moil proper and necessary to ensure it, and promise their firm Support, to the utmost of their Power and Ability, to such Measures as shall be thought most conducive to the Attainment of so de-firable an End: And therefore praying, That the House will continue to use their best Exertions for effecting such great and good Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more effectually to prevent the fteajing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment: And that Sir and

Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sloane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day. being read, for the House to resolve itself into a'Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on Tlx Penny gored Works in the County of Pembroke;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Ham-met, Esquire, One of the Proprietors of certain Tin Works, in the County of Pembroke, called The Pen-ttygored Works, on Behalf of himself and the other Proprietors of the said Works, was referred, be refer* red to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committed

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Curtis, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the Laws for regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries; that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries.

And Mr. Alderman Curtis moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries: And that Mr. Alderman Curtis and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved/That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations " respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly} ,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill further to continue the said Act: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Church, from the General Poll: Office, attended at the Door; he was called inj and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number and Amount of the Postage of all such Letters as, during the last Two Years, have been sent, or received, by the Clerks and others, in all Public Offices, who are entitled to send and receive Letters free of Postage, to the 5th of January 1795.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

Committee on Pennygorcti Tin Works Bill*

Report

referred.

Report on Laws for regulating the Southern Whalers eriet*

Bill respecting Aliens, order* edi

Account of Letters sent of received free

of Hoiu.ge by Persons in Public Offices, presented*

1

35 Geo. III.

17° Martiu

' An ACCOUNT of the Number and Amount of the Pottage of all such Letters as, during the last Two Years, have been sent, or received, by the Clerks and others, in all Public Offices, who are entitled to send and receive Letters free of Pottage, to the 5th of "January 1795.

STATES.

Years, ending 5 th of January. Number., Amount.

£. s. d.

1794 — 272,794 24,887 4 6

1795 — 271,35° 30,096 4 —

Examined per Charles

Inspector of Franks.

Examined per

fV" Fauquier,

Acc‘ G‘»

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Aliens Bill Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac-

presented. cording to Order, a Bill further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, *« An Act for establishing Regulations re- spefting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain CafesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon 3 "hurfdayMorning next.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

der!/0lmore a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for effectual Aa rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session forrt'fiNiBMen of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a cer-" " tain Number of Men, in the several Counties in

England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several ' Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receiv.e the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Bill for raising a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Loans mEx- railing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exche-chequer Bills, quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. llcbart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

Vol. L.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued j That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followed^ viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the British " Fisheries," which was to continue in Force, from the ill Day of June 1787, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was amended by an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

4 Orderedt

Committee on Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills*

Report Ex-pinng Laws* x

Hair Powder Certificate! Duty Bill presented.

Committee t>n Bill to continue Newfoundland Judicature Act.

Nary and Victualling BilU Annuities Bill pufeated.

Coromittet on American Trade Bill.

Account of Sugar and Rum imported and exported, ordered.

& eiiny Bill pa fid.

334 17" — 18" Martii. A. 1705.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates ififued for using Hair Powder: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rtfclvtd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a'Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the " I Hand of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

/ Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time tipon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the pay, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, be now read.'

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hcbart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of British Plantation Sugar and Rum, imported into, and exported from Great Britain, from the lft of January to the 31st of December 1794, with the Amount of the Duties received, and Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

An logrolled Bill for inflicting a greater Punishment on Persons who shall be convicted of the Crime of Bigamy, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to restrain all Persons from Mar-tl riage until their former Wives and former Huf-c bands be dead."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Martii;

Anno 3j* Georgii III*U Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Jacqueline Char- Hompefch's lotte Comtesse de Hompefcband James Charles B^f,wen Philip Bouwens, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Jacqueline Charlotte Comtesse de Hompefcb and James Charles Philip Bouwens.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Morgan, from the Committe appointed House infer«-to take the Refiduc of the Evidence which may be thought proper to be adduced in Support of the Bill p^ofetu* for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Brink md Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near wu doled,

to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River from

or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wig*

fenball Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said iarbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Quze> and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, and who were instrufted to admit Counsel for the Bill, and for the Petitioners against the Bill, to attend them on the taking of the Minutes of such Evidence, informed the House, That the Committee having met Yesterday, pursuanc to their Adjournment, in order to proceed further in the Examination of any Witnesses which H

might be produced in Support of the said Bill, and no Counsel appearing before the said Committee, the Agent for the Bill informed the Committee that it was not intended to produce any further Evidence in Sup* port of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hear- Hearing of ing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drain- Counsel on age of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great K^ng'aLyn"*1 Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Drainage Bill Lands adjoining, or near to the said Levels, as also drferrcd-the Lands adjoining or near to ?he River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving tffe Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of IViggenball Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

Cheddar

Inclosert Bill preftnted*

Pc fit ion from the Warwick and Birmingham Navigation Company ftgainit Lap-worth and Kingswood Canal Bill.

Petition in favour of Datchet and Iflcwonh Canal Bill.

35 Geo. III. »8°Martii. 335

Mr. Hippijley Coxe presented to the House, accord- called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- the Parish of in the County of

doling, the Open and Commonable Lands, within the And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law,

Parish of Cheddar, in the County of Smeifet: And the in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the fame was received j and read the First Time. House shall fecm meet.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham C&nal Navigation, under Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom Norwood and their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and the Bill for making a Navigable Cut from The Grand read} Taking Notice of the Bill for making a Navi- JunElion Canal, in the Precinct of Norwood, in the Sported! gable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the County of , to , in the said County, *

Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birming- was committed; That the Committee had examined ham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be of Warwick 5 and Setting forth. That an Act passed true 5 and that the Committee had gone through the in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Majesty, for making a Canal Navigation (being the they had directed him to report to the House, toge-Warwick and Birmingham Canal above-mentioned) ther with a List of the Names of the Persons who have from, or nearly from, a Place called The Saltisford, in afiented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing

in the County of Warwick, into or near to the Parish Order of the House; and he read the Report in his of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

terminate at or near to a certain Navigable Canal, in Amendments, and also thfe said Lift, in at the Clerk's , or near to the Town of Birmingham,called The DigbetbTable: Where the Report was read.

Branch of the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Fazeley Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Canal Navigations, and the Petitioners, in pursuance of Table,

the Powers and Authorities given to them by the said Act, have Caused to be cut, and nearly completed, a Mr. Hobart, according to Order, repotted from the ptnnygorrd considerable Part of the said Warwick and Birmingham Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Tin Workt Canal between the said Town of Birmingham And the allowing a Drawback of the Duties Upon Coals uled Bill reported* Parish of Rowington, and in doing thereof have cx- in carrying on , in the County of

pended the Sum of f. 50,000 and upwards; and that Pembroke, was committed, the Amendments which the another Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had

making a Canal Navigation from the Warwick and directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Birmingham Canal above-mentioned, to join and com- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, municate with the Oxford Canal at Braunsion,in the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Whene County of Northampton, and by Means of these Canals, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and and The Grand function Canal, and the River Thames,a then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the ihort and eligible Line of Inland Navigation will be Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by opened between the Town of Birmingham and the City the House.

of London, is well as between the intermediate Towns _ Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be and Country; and that, should the said Bill pass into a ingrafted.

Law, the Petitioners apprehend it will be a Means of

diverting a considerable Part of the Trade of that Part Lord Campbell repqrted from the Com- MarflulCon-

of their said Canal which lies between Digbeth afore- mittee, to whom the Petition of Henry Seymour Conway ^i|,jetltl0tl said, in the said Town of Birmingham and the said Pa- was referred; That the Committee had examined the rish of Rowington,which is Fifteen Miles, or there- Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to abouts in Length, and very greatly diminish the Pro- -report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; fits which would arise to the Petitioners from the Ton- and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards nage of that Part of their said Canal, and consequently delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same be a very great Injury to the Petitioners; at the same was read; and is as followeth;

Time the Petitioners conceive the making the propo- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, fed Communication will not be of any material Use Letters Patent, dated the ift of January 178a were to the Public: And therefore praying. That they may produced, and read; whereby it appeared, that the be heard, by themselves, and their Counsel, against Petitioner obtained His Majesty's Royal Licence for the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a that Part of Great Britain called England, , and Law. the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Term of

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Fourteen Years, from the Date thereof, for the sole Use,

Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and Exercise, Benefit, and Advantage of his Invention of a that the Petitioners be then heard by themselves, or Kiln and Oven for the Purpose of saving great Part of Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if the Expence employed in burning Lime; as also in the they think lit. several Branches of the Distilling and Brewing Bufi-

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at ness, and for other heneficial Purposes, where the Use the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the of Fire is concerned; and by a Proviso contained in said Petition. the said Letters Patent, a particular Description of the said Invention was inrolled in the High Court of

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and Chancery, on the 23d of 178a. — And, others. Inhabitants of the Town of Reading, and the Mr. an Engineer, being examined,"

Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Berks,wholfc said. That he has seen the Specification of the said Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- Invention, and is of Opinion, that the Workmanship selves and others, was presented to the House, and could be executed according to the Description therein read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and main- contained.

taining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the Then other Letters Patent, dated the 10th of No-River Thames,called or known by [the Name of Hog vember 1785, were also produced and read, whereby Hole,in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buck- it appeared that the Use of the said Invention was ex-ingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place, tended to Scotland, for the Term of Fourteen Years

from

3 $6 18° Mart1795.

from the Date of the said last mentioned Letters Patents And pursuant to a Proviso contained in the same Letters Patent, a particular Description of the Invention was inrolled in the Chancery in Scotland, on the 23d of January 1786. — And,

Mr. Thomas Lewis, an Engineer, being examined, said. That he has seen the said Invention, and has examined the Method of conducing the Process thereof, and is of Opinion, that the same will be attended with many very beneficial Conferences to the Public, as thereby the Expence of the whole, or the greatest Part of the Fuel used in those Proccfies, to which the Invention is applicable, will be saved, and in some Cafes there will be a real Profit from the Application of the Fuel. — Then,

John Groves, Esquire, an Architect and Builder, being examined, informed your Committee, That Marshal Conway had, under his (the Witness's) Direction, expended very considerable Sums of Money, in bringing the said Invention to Perfection 5 and he is of Opinion, that the present restricted Terms of the said Letters Patent will not enable the Marshal to re-im-burse himself the great Expence he has incurred in the Undertaking; as it will require several Years before the Use of the said Invention can become so general as to produce any considerable Profit j and the Expiration of the said Letters Patent will entirely prevent him from being re-imbursed his said Expences.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling, for a certain Term of Years, in the Right honourable Henry Seymour his Executors, Admi-

nistrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for burning Lime, and for the Use of Distillers and Brewers, and for other beneficial Purposes: And that Lord Frederick Campbell and Mr. Campbell for the District of Burghs of Air, Irvine, &c. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition from A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and princi-H«tford^at pal Inhabitants of the Town of Hertford, in the County fordandSu* of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,on Alban's Canal Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the B,ll# House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners

observe by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for a Navigation from the Town of Watford, to the Town of Saint Alban's, in the said County of Hertford, which, if carried into, Effect, will be attended with very injurious Consequences to the said Town of Hertford, and particularly to the Navigation of the River Lea, on which very considerable Sums have been expended under the Authority of various Acts of Parliament, which said River is of great Benefit and Advantage to the said Town and County by the safe and cheap Carriage of various Goods, whereby the surrounding Country is supplied with Coals, and other Necessaries at a very easy Rate, and that the Competition of the said Cut to Saint Alban's will enhance the Prices of all Commodities consumed within the Influence of the said Navigation: And therefore praying, That no Bill may pass to the Prejudice of the said Petitioners, and so materially to the Detriment of the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and extending a Navigable Cut from the Town of Watford, in the County of Hertford,to the Town of Alban, in the same County, be read a Second Time.

>et,l,on t^,e several Persons, whose Names are the Lineonhe thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Stoke upon other Inhabitants of Stoke upon ‘Trent, in the County

Newcaftieun- Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; derLyme Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintain-Canal Hill. ing a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or neiar Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of

Newcastle under Lyme^ in the said County; And setting forth. That the said Canal, if made in the proposed Line, as described in the Plan deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, would cross the River Trent below Stoke aforesaid, whereby the Petitioners apprehend the Water in the said River would, in Times of Flood, be impounded, and many of the Houses and Buildings, and the Church and Church Yard of Stoke, be Overflowed; and that it appears, by Surveys lately taken, that a Deviation may be made in the proposed Line of the said Canal, by making the same from a Field belonging to the Trustees of the late George Bougbey, Esquire, deceased, in the Occupation of Thomas Badkin, through Stoke aforesaid, to join the said Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, in a Piece of Land called Quinton's Wood, in Stoke, which Deviation will be equally commodious for the Purposes of Navigation, and will pass through the Lands of Persons who are consenting thereto, and lying within the Parish of Stoke, which was mentioned in the Notices given of the Intention to apply to Parliament for the said Bill; And therefore praying,

That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making the said Deviation in the Line of the said Canal, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re-strictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and reporc the fame, as it shall appear to therrl, to the House:

And it is referred to the Earl Gower Sutherland, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meecTo-mor-row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's . Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Haydon ch»-

the Bill for taking down the Chapel of the Chapelry P*1 Bill n-of Hay don,in the Parish of Warden, in the County of P'rted'

Northumberland, and for building a new Chapel, in a convenient Situation, within the said Chapelry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Hull street Bill whom the Btll for laying out and building a new iepo d. Street from Whitefriar Gate to the South End of Quay Street, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

a Ordered,

Member added

to bring in Bedford In-dolure Bill.

Bedford Inclosure Bill presented.

Padbury Inclosure Bill committed*

CJeekheafon Inclosure Bill prei'ented*

Darlington and AjVetl Auckland Kbad Bill faffed.

Committee on

Aylesbury and IVIarlow, Scc. Hoads Bill revived.

Bill fer raising a Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills reported.

35 GeO; III. 18° Martii. 337

Ordered, That Mr. Baker be added to the Gentle- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the were Once reaid throughout; and then a Second Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally and being in the several Open and Common Fields in put Thereupon; were agreed to by the House. the several Parishes of Saint Paul, Saint Peter, and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bedford, in the County ingrossed.

of Bedford.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean*?1"* Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, to consider further of Ways and Meahs for raising the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Closes, the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Commonable Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Wade Ahd the said Order being read actordingly;

Grounds, within the several Parishes of Saint Paul, The House resolved itself into the said Com-

Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bed- mittee.

ford, in the County of Bedford: And che same was re- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

ceived; and read the First Time. Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and they had cotme to several Resolutions, which they had Common Fields, Commons; Wastes, and other Com- directed him to reporr, when the House will please to monable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and receive the same.

Parish of Padbury, in the County of Buckingham, was Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow read a Second Time. Morning.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pop- Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he ham, Mr. Hobart,&c.: And they are to meet this was directed by the Committee to move, that they Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's may have Leave to fit again.

Chamber. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Yownship of

Cleckbeaton,\n the Parish of Birjlal,in the West Riding Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill for raising of the County of York: And the same was received; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for byYoansor"

and read the First Time. raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex- Exchequer

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou- Eiiu reported.

sand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, was committed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and the Amendments which the Committee had made to altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of the Bill, and which they had directed him to report Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend-High Roads from Darlington to West Auckland, in the ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second

County of Durham, and several other Roads in the Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally

same County therein mentioned, vyas read the Third put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Time. ' Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ingrossed. be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering,

enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of Two Aits Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Billtocontinue of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Newfoundland Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third reported.* King George the Second, for repairing the High Roads Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, from Darlington to West Auckland, in the County of " An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Durham, and several other Roads in the same County " Hland of Newfoundland, and the Klands adjacent," therein mentioned. was committed, the Amendment which the Com-

Ordered, That Mr. Burden do carry the Bill to the mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. re&ed him to report to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill Bill, with the Amendment; in at the Clerk's Table: for amending, widening, altering, improving, and Where the Amendment was Twice read, and, upon keeping in Repair, the Road from Aylesbury, through the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Princes Rijborough, to West Wycombe, and from thence Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be to Red Barn, in the Parish of Great Marlow, all in ingrossed. the County of Buckingham, and also the Road from ►

Princes Rijlorough aforesaid to Thame, in the County Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the American

of Oxford, was committed, be revived. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Trade Bill

continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the *

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Domi-Commictee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for nions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belong-raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exche- ing to the United States of America, so far as the same quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between Seven hundred and Ninety-five was committed, the this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries be-Amer.dments which the Committee had made to the longing to the said United States, was committed, the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to Amendments which the Committee had made to the the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Bill, and which they had directed him to report to Vol. L. 4 R the

Bill for granting additional Dutits of Cuf-toroi passed*

Kational Debt Bill passed.

Committee on Report of Ex* piling Laws.

338 i8° Martii sL 1795.

the House; and he read the Report in his Place'; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qu'ef-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart.reported from the Committee, That

they had come to a Refolucion, which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting additional Duties of Customs on the several Articles therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; 'viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 20. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to " Provided " in 1. 29.

1. 29. To leave out " also " and insert "always " instead thereof.

Pr. 10. 1. 23; After " Thickness " to insert "ex-" Cept Deals not above Ten " Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and a Half " in Thickness."

Pr. 11, 1. 1. To leave out from "Sorts" to

" the" in 1. 3. and insert " being Eight Inches square or up-" wards, imported from any " Part of except Oak

" Timber and Timber of Ireland, and Fir Timber not " exceeding Ten Inches square, of the Growth of,

" and imported directly from " thence," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill W3S amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill-do pass: And that the Title b?, An Act for granting certain Duties of Customs on the Importation of Fruit, Sallad Oil, Waste Silk, and Timber, and on the Exportation of British Rock Salt, and Coal.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, tb be issued and paid to the Govetnor and Company of the Bank of England,to be by them placed to the Account of

the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was read the Third Time.

- Rejolvedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them pjaced to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order; reported from the Bill for rm-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Sef- for railing Mto lion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a for the Navy, * certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in rep® *

" England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; end he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill Hull be then logrolled.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, dt erred* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Counfei heard Second Reading of the Bill for making and extending a Navigable Cut from the Town of Watford, in the Watford and County of Hertford, to the Town of Saint Alban, in ca^Bui" the same County;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Counsel be now called in;

The House was moved. That the Petition of -gersParker, Esquire, Elizabeth Day, and Amy Day,

Spinfters, Thomas Neate, Richard , William

Smith, Esquires, and Thomas Buckeridge , Esquire, (Committee of the Estate of Robert Hucks, Esquire) and Job Woodman, Gentleman, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments in the Line of the intended Canal from Watford to Alban's,

which was presented to the House upon the 27 th Day of February last, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

Then the Question being put. That the Counsel be now called in;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wholtf House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the saul Commic-tre.

Tellers for the Yeas, j} 54.

Tellers for the Noes* j jj; Pfam _ } 43-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the said Petition of Rogers Parker, Esquire, Elizabeth Day, and Amy Day, Spinfters, Thomas Neate, Richard Capper, William Smith, Esquires, and Thomas Buckeridge

Debate on-Motion for committ;ng the Bill ad-journal.

The Lord* have agreed to

Wellcctt Barton, &c» inclosuic Bill.

Horseley Upright Gate and K.ir»gs(iown Hill Roads Bill.

Mtinip's Brook, SadJle-worth, $c c. Roaos Bill,

Biirnhana lr.clolure Bill.

Wiggirton inclosure Bill.

Banwell Inclosurt Bill.

Geo. III.

— 19

Martii.

339

Buckeridge Noyes, F.squire (Committee of the Estate of Robert llucks, Esquire) and Job Woodman, Gentleman, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments in the Line of the intended Canal from Watford to Saint Mban's, was again read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and went through his Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Bill against the said Petition.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Questlon being proposed, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 d Martii;

Anno 35* Georgii III. U Regis 1795. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the O'pen and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Precincts of Weslcott Barton, and within the Liberty and Precincts of Middle Barton, in the Parish of Steeple Barton, in the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Horseley Upright Gate, leading from Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts,to the Top of Kingsdovcn Hill, in the Parish

of Bex, in the Lid County, and several other Roads near, or adjoining thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Mump's Brook, within Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Rippcnden, in the West Riding of the County of York, and a Branch therefrom, at or near Denfoaw, to, or near to, Brownand another Branch

therefrom, at or near Grains, to , all within dleworth, in the said Riding; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Burnham, in the County of set; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Wig-ginton, in the County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being

within the Manor of Banwell, in the County of -Jet-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hobart, from the Select Committee, who were Westminster appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Peti- dewrmln-" tion of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto ed. subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of and

also, of the Petition of several Inhabitants, House-holders of the City and Liberty of Westminster, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, respecting the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty, informed the House;

That the said Select Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver in, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended.

That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said first-mentioned Petition delivered in a Statement as follows:

" That the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants Householders of the united Parishes of Saint Margaret " and Saint John, and of the several Parishes of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James, Saint <e George Hanover Square, Saint Martin in the " Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand (in-" eluding so much and such Parts of the said Parishes " of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes,

" and Saint Mary le Strand, as are within the Liberties, District, Limits, or Jurisdiction of the Dutchy *« of Lancaster) and of the Liberty or District of " Saint Martin le Grand in the county of,

and of the Precinct of the Servoy."

That, upon the said Statement, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty of Westminster.

That the Counsel for the said last mentioned Petition delivered in ia Statement as follows:

" That the Right of Election for the City and *' Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants Householders, paying Scotland Lor, within the united *c Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, and the several Parishes of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint " Ann, Saint James, Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand in the County " of Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of

" Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes,

" and Saint Mary le Strand, as are not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of " Lancaster."

Thar, upon the said last mentioned Statement, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty of Westminster.

That the said Select Committee, having duly,considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them touching the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, have determined,

" That the Right of Election for the City and <l Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants House-tf holders, paying Scotland Lot, of the united Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, and of the several " Parishes of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann,

" Saint James, Saint George Hanover Square, Saint

<c tin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and

" Mary le Strand (including so much and such Parts

" of

't'empefVf

Nome Bill reported.

Steeple Clay-don Inclosure Bill reported.

Cireweefler and

Bi dhp Hill K»ad B>11 reported.

Cirei'r errand St. J ihn's B ulge Road Bill rq oiled.

540 19 0 MartiL1795.

of the said Parities of Saint Martin in the Fields, ,f Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le , as

are within the Liberties, District, Limits, or Juris-<* diction of the Dutchy of Lancaster J and of the * Liberty or District of Saint Martin le Grand in tc the County of Middlesex, and of the Precinct of the " Savoy."

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir Henry Vane, Baronet, to take the Surname and Arms of pursuant to the Will of John Tempejl, Esquin;, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill beingrofled.

The Marquis of Titchfield reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and in the Parish of Steeple Claydon, in the County of Bucks,was committed; That cli - Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of Inclosure, haa been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Two Yard Lands; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be divided and allotted consists of Eighty Yard Lands and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1 »

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fjr repairing the Road from in

the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once lead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, palfed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Fifteenth and Thiriy-firli Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl Gower Sutherland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the jey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the M atter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal, from the Kiver Trent,at or near IVilden , in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, and also an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making another Canal from the said Canal on the South Side of Harecastle, to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to Cajdon, in the said County, were read. — And,

Mr. Thomas Sparrow, being examined, said, That the said Company of Proprietors have completed the said Canals, and that by Surveys lately made it appears that a Navigable Cut or Canal may be made out of the first-mentioned Canal, ac a Place called Shobnall into a certain Navigable Cut called The Burton Cut, situate near the Town of Burton upon Trent, which will open an easy Commercial intercourse between the said Canals and the Town of Burton, and be of great Advantage to that Town; and that several of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts require Alteration and Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Comm'unicatio.i between the Trent and Mersey Canal, and the Burton Canal ac Shobnall, in the County of Stafford, and for amending the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts: And that the Earl Gower Sutherland and Lord Granville Levejon Go wer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Earl Gower Sutherland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the proposed Variation of the Line of the Canal intended to be made from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey,at or near Stoke upon Trent to New~

castle under Lyme, does not go through any other Parishes than were mentioned in the Notices given for the Bill; and that all the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands through which the Variation is to go are consenting thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appealed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards

Petition to alter ami amend the Trent and Mei fey Navigation Acts, 6cc. 6cCm reported.

Petition for making a Deviation in the Line of the S.oke upon J rent 3ni T ewcastle under Lyme Canal reported.

iS Geo. Ill

9° Ma

r ' r

34*

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Clowes being examined, said, That the said Canal, if made in the proposed Line as described in the Plan deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford, would cross the River Trent below Stoke, whereby it is apprehended that the Water in the said River would, in Times of Flood, be impounded, and many of the Houses and Build* ings, and the Church and Church Yard of Stoke be Overflowed. — And being further examined, he said.

That it appears by Surveys lately taken, that a Deviation may be made in the proposed Line of the said Canal, by making the same from a certain Field, belonging to the Trustees of the late George Boughey, Ef- clofore and Drainage, had been complied with; and quire, deceased, in the Occupation of Thomas Badkin, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the through Stoke aforesaid, to join the Navigation from said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame.

Tythes arising within the said Township, and within the Lordship of Thonock, in the said Parish: And that Mr. Vyner, Junior, and Sir John Tb do prepare,

and bring in', the fame.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to Fpworth.

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names £

.are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and j>r»ina^V iv?;-others, having Right of Common and Turbary, and reported, other Rights and Interests, upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the several Parishes of -worth, Haxey, Belton, and Owston, in the Hie of Ax-

bolme, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In-

the Trent to the Mersey, in a Piece of Land called Quinton's Wood in Stoke, which Deviation will avoid the inconveniencies before-mentioned, and will be equally commodious for the Purposes of Navigation, and will pass through the Lands of Persons who are con Tenting thereto, and lying Stoke, which was mentioned the Intention to apply to Parliament for the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

within the Parish of .....Majon being examined, said, That there are

in the Notices given of within the said Parishes, large Tratts of Common

and Waste Grounds, which in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement, but it they were effectually drained, divided, and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the Persons interested therein, and also certain other Lands within the said Parishes were exonerated from Tythes, it would tend greatly to the

Ciinftmrgti inclosore and DrainagCf &c. petition reported*

the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke upon Trent,in

the County of Stafford, to the Town of Newcastle under Advantage of all Persons interested therein.

Lyme, in the said County, is committed. That they Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and im-varying the Line of the said Canal, by making the proving, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the same, from a Piece of Land belonging to the Trustees several Parishes of Epworth, Haxey, Belton, and OvJ-of George Bougbey, Esquire, deceased, through the ton, in the Isle of Axbolme, in the county of,

Village of Stoke, into the said Trent and Mersey Navi- and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes gation, in another Piece of Land, called Quinton's arising from the said Commons, and from certain Wood, all in the Parish of Stoke aforesaid. other Lands within the said Parishes: And that Mr.

Vyner, Junior, and Sir John Thorold do prepare, and Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, bring in, the fame, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Freeholders, and having Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in and upon the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

Wastes, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township and Parish Qf Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosore and Drainage, had been complied with $ and that the Committee had in the County of , and of several Gentlemen

Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Scartbo, in the County of Lincoln: Awl the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the BailiflFand Burgesses of

Soartho Inclo. lure Bill pit* fented.

examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di retted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Trevor being examined, said. That there are within the said Township and Parish, several Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture Lands, Commons, Wastes, and Uninclosed Grounds, containing about 3,000 Acres, which in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement, and cannot be occupied to such Advantage as they might be, if the same were effectually inclosed, allotted, drained, and embanked.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking.

Petition fot Leave to present a Petition (or building

and principal Inhabitants residing in Bewdley, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the Bewdley House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Bn observe, by the Votes of the House, Thar, by an Order made in the early Part of this Session, the Time for presenting Petitions for Private Bills was limited to the 6th Day of February last; and that, since the Time so limited, the Carriage Bridge over the River Severn, near the Town of Bewdley, hath, from the Violence of a Flood, been so greatly damaged, as to be rendered impafiable for Horses, Cattle, and Car* riages, and it is necessary that the said Bridge should betaken down, and a new Bridge built; and that there is no Carriage Bridge over the said River within Fourteen Miles of the said Town of Bewdley, and the Stream of the said River at the said Town is frequently so rapid, that no Ferry can be used with Safety, and it is of great Consequence to the Public that a new

and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Mea- Bridge should be built as soon as may be: And there-dows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Unin- fore praying. That Leave may be given to present a closed Grounds, within the Township of Gainsburgh, Petition in the present Session of Parliament for Leave in the Parish of Gainffurgh, in the County of Lin-to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the said eokt, and also for making a Compensation for the River, at or near the present Bridge, and opening pro-Vot. L. . t. 4 S per

Leave girern

Petinygoyed Tin Work* Bill passed.

High^ate and Bwttlt Bricl &r. Roads Si" prefcctrd.

Ratify Inclosure Bill reported.

Warwick Debtors Petition.

Petition from Suff Ihne ' for Leave to piclt ,»t a Peti*

ti »ti for apply-i«'g Money railc I <»n Account of the

Militia.

341

It)6 Martii.

A. 1793.

per Avenues thereto, and making necessary Embankments near the fame.

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to ptefent a Petition, as desired by the said Bailiff and Burgesses of in the County of

V/orcester> and several Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants residing in Bewdleyand in the Neighbourhood thereof.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing st drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on The nygered Works in the County of Pembroke, was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on The Works in the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill-to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mainwaringpresented to the House, according

j to Order, a Bill for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County o f through a certain Lane, called Maiden Lane, in the Parish of Mary IJhngton,to a certain Place called Battle Bridge,

in the same County, and the several other Highways and Footpaths, in the said Parish of Mary Islington (which are not included in any Turnpike Act?) and to enable the Inhabitants of the said Parish to raise Money for that and other the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ratley, in the County of Warwick, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, Relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties , concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Q^.eflion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossVd.

A Petition of the several and respective Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Debtors, and Prisoners for Debt, in His Majesty's Gaol or Prdon of and for the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, of the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, pafl*ed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, respecting the railing and training of the Militia of this Kingdom, certain Sums

of Money, to a considerable Amount, have been assessed, collected, and raised, upon and within the said County, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and the said Sums of Money now remain in the Hands of sundry Persons within the said County unapplied, and cannot, by the Laws in being, be applied for any Purpose whatsoever; and that, in pursuance of a Recommendation from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to thb Lord Lieutenant of the said County, for railing and embodying Troops for the Internal Defence of this Kingdom, a Subscription was for that Purpose entered into by the Petitioners* and others, and a considerable Number of Forces have been raised and embodied within the said County accordingly; and that the Petitioners conceive the Object of the said Recommendation would be more effectually promoted if the Money, raised by virtue of the said Act, as aforesaid, was to be applied towards defraying the Expences of raising and embodying Troops within the said County, for the Purpose aforesaid, iri Aid of the Sums raised, and to be raised, by Subscription, for the like Purpose; and that the Petitioners were prevented from prefeming a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for applying the Money raised by virtue of the said Act, towards raising, embodying, and supporting, Troops, within the said County, for the Internal Defence of the Kingdom, before the Expiration of the Period limited for presenting Petitions, by reason of the Time employed in the Enquiries necessary to be made on the Subject:

And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be permitted to present a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the above-mentioned Purpose, although the Time fixed for presenting Petitions is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the particular Leavegm* Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Noblemen and Gentlemen of the County of Stafford.

Then a Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble st.ffbrdfluf. Petition of the Gentlemen of the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being offered Lua Monty!" to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the Jaft preceding Petition: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for applying the Money, raised by virtue of the said Act, towards raising, embodying, and supporting Troops within the said County, for the Internal Defence of the Kingdom, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to the Earl Gower Sutherland,

Lord Granville Levejon Gower, &c.: And they are-to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the thereunder Subscribers, Mer- Petitionfrow chants. Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of Dundee, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, respecting the That the Petitioners find themselves impelled, by War. every Principle of Religion, Humanity, and Interest, to implore the Interposition of the House in restoring Peace to their suffering Country i That the Reasons, assigned by His Majesty's Councillors for engaging in the present War, never seemed to them proportioned to its Evils and the Risque of its Disasters, nor sufficient to produce a general Conviction of its Ne-

ceflity;

Petition froitt Gentlemen, ice. of White-haven respecting the War,

35 GecS. ill. iff Martii.

343

treflity j and the Design of Interference in the Internal Government of a Foreign State the Petitioners could not forbear considering as unjust: That the Progress of the War has been bloody and disastrous beyond all Examples in the British History, and, after an enormous Expenditure of Money, and Waste of the Lives of Men, its avowed Turposes have been in general defeated, and are now evidently unattainable: that the Prolongation of it can hardly fail to be attended with the Loss of Commerce, the Destruction of Manii-fastures, and the Depreciation of Property, and, by diminiftiing the Funds and Means of Defence, may endanger the Existence of this Country as a free and

w *

independent Nation: That when Treaties are Daily made by all Nations, in every State of their Parties, with Governments of every Form, and Governors of all Varieties of Character, and when His Majesty's Reign affords many such Example^, the Petitioners cannot suppose any Circumstances of this Kind in France, or any Considerations of the State of Parties in Britain, to be sufficienc Reasons for preventing

Negociations of Peace at present, and continuing to deprive the Inhabitants of this Country of its invaluable Blessings: That it seems to the Petitioners impossible that fair and candid Endeavours after Peace should prove derogatory to the National Character, or depreflive of the Public Spirit} on the contrary, should the French Government, irritated b.y alleged Injuries, or rendered insolent by Victory, reject all Measures of Accommodation, the general Knowledge of their having J>een employed would have the happiest Effects to rouse and call forth the Public Zeal, and unite all Ranks and Parties of People in Britain in the virtuous Refoltition of devoting themselves, and all that they poflets, to the Defence and Salvation of their Country: And therefore praying the House to take this Petition into their serious Consideration, and to adopc such Measures for the speedy Restoration of Peace to this Country as may, in their Wisdom, be deemed adequate to the Purpose.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants of Whitehaven, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners deem it very improper to interfere in the Deliberations of the great Council of the Nation at a Crisis so important as the present, and nothing should have induced them to obtrude themselves upon the House, but a Desire to shew their Attachment to the King, and their Approval of the Measures of His Majesty's Ministers, and, when they consider their Characters as Englishmen, the Resources of this great

Nation and their Interest, as contesting with an Enemy flushed with present Success, and at all Titnes disposed to assume greatly to themselves, they hold it unworthy of this Country to sue for a Peace: The Enemy is not more the Enemy of the Persons than of the limited Monarchy which is admired, and of the Religion which is profefted and venerated by all good Subjects of these Realms: The Petitioners feel it to be the Duty of this Nation to persevere, until it shall please Providence to inspire into our Enemies such Sentiments of Moderation as may render it safe and honourable to their Opponents to listen to Terms of mutual Accommodation, until that happy Time the Petitioners pray, that the House will support His Majesty's just Endeavours to destroy the Abilities, and restrain the Ambition, of this presuming Enemy: The Petitioners are happy to observe, that His Majesty's Ministers efteCm a Foreign War as the Icaft of Two Evils, and Domestic Peace as the First of National Blessings; and chat they may derive an effectual Support from the Councils of the House is the Prayer of the Petitioners.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Tablet

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Motion for.. Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Observa- Aa for better " ition of the Lord's Day; commonly called ," ^LoraCDny

might Be read. to he consider-

And the same was read accordingly; eUinaCom-

And a Motion being made. That Leave be given n>,ltee* to bring in a Bill to render the said Act more effectual j

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-rriorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for railing raising a certain Number of Men in the several Coun- J^®'1s.cot*

in n i n i: _ ‘an" >or ,l,e

ties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Navy, o.-deied; Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy: And that the Lord Advocate of

Scotland, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Secretary Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr;

Solicitor General, do prepare* arid bring in* the*7 fame.

Mr. Hobart,according to Order, reported from the Report Ways

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- a|vl Means, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed hirri to report to the Housej which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the same were read; and afre as followeth j via,

Re/olvtd, That it is the Opihion of this Committee, Pay and i- . That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1795, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* Allowance* t That the Allowarices to certain Subaltern Officers of Miimaoffi-the Militia in Time of Peace, for the Year 1795, be *"' defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1795.

The said Resolutions being severally read a SeCbnd Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a BUI be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Hobart do prepare* and bring ih, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brbught in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr.. Secretary at War, Mr Hobart, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Torke, and Mr:

Minchin, do prepare, and bring jn, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order oF the Day, for the Third Sill for ren-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for rendering ^"^Aa more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parlia- for railing Men ment, intituled " An Act for raising a certain Nurri- ,"flyeNav>*

ber of Men, in the several Counties in England, p*

" for the Service of His Majesty's Navy," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time*

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a certain Number of Men, in the several " Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy." ' '

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bin to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Th«i

kill for reflating the Fii-vilege of Franking, deferred*

Hair Powdelr Certificates Duty Bill commuted*

Velluiji*

Parchment, &c. additional Duties $ill deferred*

Navy and Vic-turlling Hills Annuities Bill commit:*!.

Report from

Comrr iitee on Rc|>ort of Ex-piling Laws*

344

*9

A 1795

The Order of she Day being read, far the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further regulating the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage; .

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, irduive itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His b'b'jesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Re/elved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refalved', That this House'will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfclfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum; Parchment, and Paper, and for repealing a certain Exception as far as relates to Bonds given as Security for the Payment of One Hundred Pounds, or under, contained in an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, Thar the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them arc fit to be revived or continued, the Kefolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards del. vtrtd in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followech; viz.

Resolved, l hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His pr« sent Majesty, intituled, l< An Act for " the mote effVftual Encouragement of the British " Fifiienes," which was to continue in Force from the ill Day uf June 1787, for the Term of Seven Years,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was amended by an Act made in the Twemy-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is near expiring, and fit to be continued with Amendments.

'1 he laid Rciblution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to ' by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Rciblution: And thac Mr. Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rcje presented to the House, according to Or- Bill for reorder, a Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other «tring ve<fei» Vessels of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, presented. to be registered: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time1,

Ordered, Thac the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more Bilit* amend effectual, an Act made in the last Session Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending so much of an Act, taiued.C°m*

" passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the " Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second,

" intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the " several Counties of this Kingdom," as relates to the " Militia of the City of London; and for the better ordering the fame," was, according to Ordcf, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI. *

A Bill,further to continue an Act, made in the Alien*Ml Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations re- spefting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes," wasp according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved., That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money Bn fW niftg by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the junior Ex-Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the if ear One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Roje do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money Bill Fornsfa; by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, Exchequer was read the Third Time. Bill»p»£fed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the If ear One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Roje do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Sargent presented to the House, by His Ma- Effimueof jesty's Command, JK^for*

Estimate of the Charge of a Detachment of the the Eastiadi*, Royal Regiment of Artillery, for Service in the East P Indies, from ift January to 3ill December 1795, both included, 365 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followed!; viz.

ESTIMATE

Mull Street Bill passed*

Petition from Tin decs of Stokenchurch Roads against, Ay 1e (bury and Marlow, &c. Roads Bill.

35 Geo. III. ip" Martii. 345

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Detachment of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, for Service in the East Indies,from ift January to 31st December 1795, both included, 365 Days > viz1.

Ja mi ' , Men. Amount.

Pay of a Lieutenant Colonel, a Major, an Adjutant, 1 Quarter Matter, a Sur- £ A.

geon, and a Surgeon's Mate — — — — 6 958 2 6

Pay of Two Companies of Royal Artillery, confiding of 120 Men each, Officers included — — — — 240 5.748 15 —

246 f. 6,706 17 6 , I. — i- J — i

Office of Ordnance,

19th March 17^5.

tV. Howe.

John Sargent. Tho‘ Baillie.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingossed Bill for laying out and building a new Street, from Whitefriar Gate to the South End of

Quay Street, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hu,was read the Third Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for laying out and making a new Street, from Whitefriar Gate to the South End of Quay ', within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston Upon Hull.

Ordered, That Mr. Wtlberforc do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Trustees for Carrying into Execution art Act of Parliament of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford,to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said

Bridge to Enjlow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mileway leading from Giles*s Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New -flock, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending, Widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road frorri Aylesbury, through Princes borough, to West Wycombe, and from thence to Red Barn, in the Parish of Great , all in the County of Buckingham, and also the Road from Princes Rifborough aforesaid to 'Thame, in the County of Oxford-, and Representing to the House, that the Sum of £. 10,000, and upwards, hath been borrowed, and is now owing, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the Roads under the Care of the Petitioners, and the Produce of the said Tolls is barely sufficient to keep the said Roads in tolerable Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid; and that such Parts of the Roads comprized in the said Bill as lead from Thame, through Princes Rifborough, to West Wycombe, fun nearly parallel with a considerable Part of the Roads/'under the Care of the Petitioners, and, if the same friould be made a Turnpike Road, as proposed by the said Bill, it-would so materially reduce the Vol. L.

Produce of the said Tolls, that the Petitioners would hot be able to keep the said Roads in proper Repair, and to pay the Interest of the said Money, and the same would not, as the Petitioners conceive, be of any material Public Benefit: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against so much of the said Bill as relates to the said Road from Thame, through Rifborough, to Wycombe, and that the same may not remain Part of the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the Persons entitled to the Money lent and advanced, and now due and owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected by certain Acts of Parliament, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stokenchurch Hill to Enjlow Bridge, and the Road from Wheatley Bridge, through the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the County of Oxford, and also by

an Act, of the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enjlo w Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the said County, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Persons entitled to the said Money, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth; That the Petitioners are informed that the Produce of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Acts; is at present not more than sufficient to keep the Roads in Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Money due as aforesaid, and that so much of the Roads comprized in the said Bill as leads from Thame, through Princcl Rifborough, to West Wycombe; runs for a considerable Distance nearly parallel with Part of the Roads di-rested to be repaired by the said Acts, and, if the same should be made a Turnpike Road, as proposed by the said Bill, the Produce of the 'Tolls, arising by virtue of the said Acts, must be so materially diminished aS greatly to prejudice the Securities for Payment of the said Money, and the Interest thereof: And therefore

4 T praying

Petition frorii Creditors of Stokenchurch Roads a^ainst Aylesbury and Marlow, &c* Roads Bill.

Hearing of

CounTel on Eau Brink and TCmc's Lynn Draira^e Bill deferred.

Wronghton Jnclcltire Bill reported.

346 190 — 10° Martiu . 1795*

j>raying the House to take their same into Considera- the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to tion, and that they may be heard by themselves, their by the House.

Counsel, or Agents, against so much of the said Bill Ord, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be as relates to the said Road from Thant, through Rif- ingrossed. borough, to West Wycombe, and that the same may not

pass into a Law. Mr. Gregor reported from the Committee, to whom Petition re-

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to the Petition of the Fishermen and Adventurers in

be referred to the Consideration of the Com- the Fisheries in the County of was referred; eryreported,

mittee, to whom the said Bill is committed j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the

and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The other Order of the Day being read j

Ordered, That the Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk,draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in tl e said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Saint Mary's,

in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the Several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze,be further adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 20° Martii;

Anno 35° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

iy >TR. Goddard reported from the Committee, to XVI. whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in that Part of the Parish of Wroughton, in the County of Wilts, which is situate, lying, and being, in the Hundred of Elftub and Everley, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except One Owner of Lands of the Annual Value of £.94. tar. who could not be found; and also, except the Owners of Lands of the Annual Value of £. 120. 10 j. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Annual Value of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed is f. 1,697. 8 s. or thtreabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Hichens being examined, said. That he is a Fish Curer, and lives in Newlyn, a Town in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall; and that Mackerel usually come on the Coast about the beginning of March, and are fold fresh in all the Eastern

Markets from the Mount's Bay to London, but that their Sale is liable to great Uncertainty, as the Easterly Winds which generally prevail at that Season, prevent the Vessels which carry them from reaching the Ports where they are consumed, in which' same they must be all fold fresh in the Country within Thirty Miles of The Lands End, a very small Proportion of them taken at this Season being cured for Sale.

That when the Price is fedoced from a Want of Access to the Eastern Markets, the Fishermen cannot go to Sea, as it will not pay them for their Labour; and the Expences attending the Use of their Boats and Nets; and that he and many others have declined fending their Boats to Sea in this Season from having felt this Inconvenience. On being asked. Whether these Difficulties would be removed if proper Encouragement were given to this Fishery, and a Bounty on Mackerel cured for Home Consumption, with an additonal Sum on exporting the m? he answered. Certainly; that the Home Consumption would be first provided for, and that an additional Bounty on exporting the Surplus would be necessary. — That the whole Markets of the West Indies would be open to them, but that none could be sent to the Mediterranean, as no pickled Fish will fell there, all Fish sent to those Markets being dry-prefTed — That this Season for Fishery, under its present Circumstances, continues to about the End of May, but that it would, with due Encouragement, be followed till the End of July, or till the Pilchard Fishery begins — That if proper Encouragement and Bounties were given by Parliament, the Fishery would immediately increase in respect of Boats, Craft, and Men employed, and in Time would be carried to a very great Extent, he ind many others would fend Craft to Sea immediately- — That under its present Circumstances the Fishery is incapable of being increased, that in Fact it has decreased at Ilfracombe and Torbay in Devonshire, and in many Parts of Cornwall.

Autumn Fishery.

On being examined respecting the State of this Fishery, he said, that it begins about the latter End of September, and generally ends about the beginning of December — That all the Mackerel which are fold fresh at this Season, are consumed in the Western Part of Cornwall, to the Amount of nearly One Fourth of the whole taken; the Remainder are cured for Home Consumption — That this Fishery, under due Encouragement, and Bounties on Mackerel cured for Home Consumption, and with an additional Bounty on exporting the Surplus, is capable of an immediate Increase, and may be hereafter carried to a very considerable Extent; and that, according to his Information, the Foreign Markets in the West Indies will take the whole Surplus.

On being asked, What Encouragement and Bounties

would

35 Geo. III. 2o° Martii 34.7

would be necessary for the Mackerel Fishery? he de- pany with those belonging to Mount's Bay j that he livered a Paper, of which the following is a Copy: has seen Twenty-four Boats come a Shore there at a

ct A Privilege of using Salt Duty Free, for curing Time.

" Mackerel for Home Consumption," as is now the That the Boats employed in the French deep Sea

Cafe with. respect to Herrings both Red and White, Fishery are from Sixty to Eighty Tons Burthen, and all Fish taken in the Herring Fishery, and also with manned with from Twenty to Thirty Men and Boys — respect to Pilchards. That the pursue this Fishery'till the Sardines

A Bounty of One Shilling per Barrel of 32 Gal- come on the Coast, which is nearly about the Time «« Ions landed from any Boat, and cured either for when our Pilchard Fishery begins — -They baye no " Home Consumption or for Exportation," as is the Autumn Fishery.

Cafe with respect to Herrings. That about Four Years ago many of the French

" An additional Bounty of Two Shillings and Boats came into Mount's Bay, others went to Fal- Eight Pence per Barrel of 32 Gallons cured and »««/£, Fowand That before the Aboli- exported," as is the same with respect to White tion of the the Salt used in the French Fishery

Herrings, except the same Mackerel be exported to paid no Duty, their Sait being in Quality much pre-any of the Ports in the Mediterranean. ferable to ours.

On being further examined, he said, That under That he himself has seen from Seventy to Eighty the present Circumstances, the Price of Mackerel cured Sail of French Boats together at One Time, with Salt paying Duty, and fold for Home Consump- Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, tion, is Thirty Shillings the Hundred (120) but that

if they were permitted to be cured with Salt free from Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hearing E*u Brink and

Duty, they might be sold for Eleven Shillings and Six of Counsel upon the Bill for improving the Drainage of ® eyBi1i

Pence the Hundred (120) and that the Quantity cured the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level committed. *

and brought to the Home Market would be increased of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands

by such a Meafiire in a very considerable Degree — adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands

That they would be fold in the nearest Markets, as adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County

the Price of Conveyance would be small, and in that of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the

case the Barrel containing them would be returned to Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for the Fish Curer. — He further said. That according to altering and improving the Navigation of the said

the Experience he has had, Mackerel are always found River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink,

on the Coast during both Seasons, which together in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary' % , in the said

continue during nearly Seven Months of the Year — County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for

That on an Average, the Mackerel Boats are Eighteen improving and preserving the Navigation of the several

Tons, and are manned with Seven Men and Two Rivers communicating with the said River be

Boys — That the Nets used in this Fishery, in a Boat now read.

of Eighteen Tons, are nearly a Mile in Length, and And the said Order was read accordingly.

Twenty-seven Feet deep — The Number of Boars cm- And the House being informed. That the several

ployed in Mount's Bay are about One hundred in the Persons, who petitioned this House upon the 26th Autumn, and Fifty in the Spring Season — and that Day of January last, praying to be heard, by them-the Fishery is carried on from Ten to Twelve Leagues selves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, declined from the Shore. being heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill;

That if this Fishery should receive the Aid pro- Mr. Speaker opened the Bilk

posed, the Number of Boats employed would be Re/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mn Charles

much increased $ that all the large Pilchard Boats York:e, General &c.: And they are for meet

within the Parish where he resides would engage in this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's this Fishery, amounting to Two hundred Sail, and Chamber, that in all probability Boats of the same Description

would be employed throughout the whole Coast of A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the hum- Petition for

Cornwall and Devon; besides that, an Encouragement ble Petition of the several other Persons, interested in "*'*

would be given to increase their Numbers, and to the Navigation of the River Ouze, to and from the f(,°6Ung a v»-

build others on a larger Scale — He further Hated, Town of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, on Ration in the

That a new Mackerel Boat costs One hundred Guineas; Behalf of themselves, and others. Owners and Occu- fiau nnkCu,-;

Nets £.96. 12 s.and a Foot Rope £, ie, 15J. — a piers of Lands within the several Parishes or Town-

Foot Rope is used to fallen the Nets together, and is ships of Colne, Somersham, Berry,

fixed Seven Fathom under Water, being an Invention Ramsey with Higney, Ridley and Fenton, and

taken from the French Mackerel Fishers for the Pur- Earith, Saint Ives, Houghton and Oldburfi,

pose of preventing Damage from Ships whose Course WoodhurftBroughton, Little Ravely, with Great

crofies the Line of Netting. Ravely, Standground, Farcett, Yaxley, Stilton,

Mr. Edward Tregurtba, also a Fish Curer, of New- Denton, Glalton, Holme, Cunnington, All Saints,

lyn, in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall, being Sawtrey Saint Judith and Saint Andrew, Woodwalton, examined, confirmed the whole of the above Evidence, Hadden, Waternewton, Stibbinton with Sibfon, Woodstone, and said. That having been in France in the Year 1765 and Fiction, in the County of Huntingdon -, , Ford-

he had some Conversation with a Merchant there, ham, Swafwith who informed him, that in the Ports from UJhant to well with Reach, IVickin, Sobam, Barway, Betlisham,£)ui,

La Hogue about One thousand Sail of Boats were em- Ditton, Horningfey, Waterbeach, Landbeach, Cottenham, ployed in this Fishery, each being manned with Twenty Rampton, Willingham, Over, and Swacey, in the County Men on an Average — That on the breaking out of a of Cambridge, Brandon, Wangford, and -

War the Fishery is immediately suspended, and that denball, in the County of Suffolk; Wiggenhall. Saint the Men are sent on Board the French Ships of War — Mary, Wiggenhall Saint German, Wiggenhall Saint Peter,

He further said, That in the Year 1791 he had a Se- Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, West Lynn, Clench-

cond Conversation with the Mailer of a French Macke- warton, Saint Clement, Saint John,

rel Boat then in Mount's Bay,who told him that the Walpole

Men and Boys employed in the French Mackerel Walfoken, All Saints, Saint Law-

Fishery at that Time amounted to 25,000 — That he rente, Yilney cum Islington, South Lynn, Noth Run tion,

(the Witness) has frequently seen the French Mackerel Hardwick and Setchy, Wormegay,

Boats on our Coast engaged in the' Fishery in Com- Run A on Holme, Yhorpland, Stow Bardolph, Wimbotsham,

Dcwnham

34$ 10° Martii. A. 1795.

Dozvfibtim Market, Rcxham, Denver, Fordham, Hilgay, Plan, may be affected by extending the Width, and Scidbery, l-'eltwell Saint Mary, Felt-well Saint Nicholas, varying the Direction, of some Part of the said in-liockwold, H ilton, Methwold, Northwold, Qxburgh, Stoke tended Navigable Cut further into or over their said Ferry, Wretton, IVerebam , West Dereham, Out-well, Up- Lands as now proposed, and that such Application

-well, and Welney, in the County of Norfolk; Elm, Out- may be deemed and allowed to be as valid as if the well. Up well, Welney, Maney, Stuntney, Ely Trinity, Orders of the House respecting such Applications had

Ely Saint Mary, Churcham,otherwise Chettifham, Lit- been strictly complied with, or that the Petitioners may tLport, Stretham, Thetford, Do-wnham, Coveney, Witch- have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House ford, Witcbam, Wing ford or Wentworth, Wilburton, shall seem meet. iiaddenham, Mepal, Sutton, March, Doddington with Or, That the said Petition be referred to the

Wimblington, Ben-wick, Chatteris, Whittlesea Saint Mary, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-WhittlefeaSaint Andrew, and Wisbech, within the lile of amine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it Ely, and in certain Extra-parochial Places adjoining shall appear to them, to the House: to, or lying near the aforesaid Parishes or Townships, And it is referred to Mr. General

or some or One of them, containing 300,000 Acres, Adeane, And they are to meet upon Morn-and upwards, which drain by the River Otize,through ingnext, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk*ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Records.

That an Agreement hath taken Place between the Petitioners, who are also the Petitioners for a Bill, now The House was moved, Thdt the Order made Yes- Bewdley depending in the House, for improving the Drainage terday, for giving Leave to present a Petition as de- ?«>* of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great tired by the Bailiff and Burgesses of Bewdley, in the lion*

Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low County of Worcester, and several Gentlemen and prin-

Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze,in the cipal Inhabitants residing in and in the Neigh-

County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, bourhood thereof, might be read.

by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, And the same being read accordingly;

and for altering and improving the Navigation of the A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of Bewdley,

Lid River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau in the County of and of several Gentlemen

Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in and principal Inhabitants residing in Bewdley, and in the said County, to the said Harbour of Kings Lynn, the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the and for improving and preserving the Navigation of House, and read Setting forth, That the Carriage the several Rivers communicating with the said River Bridge over the River Severn, near the Town of Bewd-Ouze, and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Coiin- ley, hath, from the Violence of a Flood, been so greatly cil of the Borough of King's Lynn aforesaid, and the damaged, as to be rendered impassable for Horsesj Gentlemen, Merchants, and Inhabitants of the said Cattle, and Carriages, and it is necessary that the said Town, and other Persons interested in the Navigation Bridge should be taken down, and a new Bridge built; to the said Port of Lynn, and in the Drainage of the and that there is no Carriage Bridge over the said River Country through the River Ouze and Harbour of within Fourteen Miles of the said Town of Bewdley,

Lynn, aforesaid, petitioning against the said Bill, and the Stream of the said River at the said Town is whereby it is stipulated, that no further Opposition frequently so rapid that no Ferry can be used with shall be given to the said Bill in Parliament, upon Con- Safety, and it is of great Consequence to the Public dition that some cerrain Variation from the Original that a new Bridge should be built as soon as may be:

Plan shall be adopted, as to the Width and Direction And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to of Part of a Navigable Cut, intended to be made from bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the said River the said Place, called Eau Brink, to the Harbour of at or near the present Bridge, and for opening proper Lynn aforesaid, under the Authority of the said Bill; Avenues thereto, and making necessary Embankments and that, by increasing the Width and varying the near the fame.

Direction of the said Navigable Cut, the same is likely Ordered, Thar the said Petition be referred to the to extend further into or over the Lands of Persons Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-who have already been applied to for their Consent, amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it agreeable to the Standing Orders of the House, than shall appear to them, to the House: was intended when such Application was originally And it is referred to Mr. Mr. &c.:

made; but, in as much as the carrying into speedy Ex- And they are to meet upon Morning next,

ecution the several Works proposed to be done under at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and the Authority of the said Bill is of very great Confe- have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-quence to all Persons interested in the Navigation of cords.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry to the Lords the Mr. Hobart to ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year by Lfansor One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, and de- Exchequer fire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto. Lord/.01

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry to the Lords Mr. Hobartto the ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Suin'by Loans Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, or Exchequer and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto. £orj*Tthe

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Steeple ciay-Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and in the Parish of Steeple Claydon, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and o Common

the said River, and to the Owners and Occupiers of the above-mentioned 300,000 Acres of Land, the greatest Part of which is now totally inundated, whereby the Growth of 30,000 Acres of Wheat, and 70,000 Acres of Oats, amounting in Value to the Sum of ,£.600,000, will be diminished in the ensuing Season, and 'consequently so much additional Money must this Year be lent out of the Kingdom for Corn to be imported to make up such deficient Growth, and, without the Relief which will be obtained by the said Navigable Cut, under the Authority of the said Bill, the said Traci of Land must remain a much longer Time fub-ject to grievous Damage by the Waters thereon: And, in as much as the Improvements proposed are also in many Respe&s Objects of great Public Utility; therefore praying. That Leave may be given to make the necessary Application, without Loss of Time, to such of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, as, in Conicquence of the above-mentioned Alteration in the

Day appointed for Second Reading of Dapworth and Kingswood Canal Bill.

Hyde Park Comer, Ken-fmgton, &c. Roads Bill reported.

Member added

to bring in Sedgtford Inclosure Bill,

tedgeford

'noofure Bill yrc&nted.

Stafford and Grceiam Roaibill eommted*

Montrose Two* pen n Scots Bill passed.

35 Geo. III. 20 0 Mar349

Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and in the Parish of Steeple Clap don, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That the Marquis of do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for making a Navigable Cut' from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lap worth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint Margaret Westminster, Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, in the County of and for lighting, watching, and watering the fame, except a cercain Part thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several Owners of Estates, in the Parish of Sedge-ford, in the County of Norfolk.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sedgeford, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Road leading from the Great North Road, in the Town of Stamford, and County of Lincoln, through the Town of Oakham, to the Great North Road aforesaid, at, or near, a House called The Cross Guns, in the Parish of Greetbam, and County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heath-cote, Mr. St. John, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the leign of his Majesty King George the First, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Vol. L.

Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Allardyce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gregor reported from the Committee, to whom Newlyn Pie* the Petition of William Harris, Esquire, of Keneggy, PetiV?n re" in the Parish of Gulval, and County of Cornwall, and porl William Burgess, William Hickens, Edward Thomas Love, Thomas Leah, William Pollard, Charles Francis, Inhabitants of, and others Fish Curers in,

Newlyn, in the Parish of Paul, and County aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table*. Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Hicbens being examined, said, That he is a Fish Cufer at Newlyn; that a considerable Fishpry is carried on there, and that the Persons engaged in it are exposed to considerable Inconveniencies and Loss from the Want of a larger and more convenient Pier for the Protection of their numerous Boats and Craft, which may be easily performed — and that the Expences of building and supporting the fame, may be raised by an additional Duty on Pilchards and other Fish brought into the Harbour, and a small Tonnage or Duty on Vessels likely to partake'in the Benefit of the fame, and also by the Sale of a small Plot of Common Land belonging to the Town.

Mr. Edward Tregurtba confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building, supporting, and maintaining, a commodious Pier at Newlyn, in the County of Cornwall:

And that Mr. Gregor and Sir William Lemon do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

A Bill to continue, extend, and enlarge, the Term Almond and and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making committed, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Bailliefioin the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, wa6 read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-

Ham McDowall, Mr. Allardyce, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Winutngh.m Pasture Land in the Parish of Wintringham, in the committed8'' County of Lincoln, called The Cow Pasture, comprizing or including certain Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of Wintringham, called The Rotten Sykes,

Low Groves, and Western Greens, and other Land or Ground lying between the same Pasture, and the River Humber, and for dividing and apportioning certain other Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the same Parish, called The Composition and HallClofes; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner Junior, Mr. Hobart, Sec.'. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

4U A Bill

Barlbrough Inclosurr Bill committed*

Derby, Sheffield, Outfield, and Witlcr* worth, Ruadft fir.l com milled.

Haydon Chapel Bill passed*

The Lords have agreed to

Preston, Cand-over, Bating-stoke, and Alton, Road Bill.

The Lords have passed

Baring's Exchange Bill*

Baring's Exchange Bill read.

Account cf SugarandRum ini potted and exported, preheated.

35°

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Barlbrough, in the County of , was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be committed to Mr.

Junior, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, paHed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from fVbile Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chejierfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of in the said

County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Vyner, junior, Mr. Hobart, Sec.: And they arc co meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An logrolled Bill for taking down the Chapel of the Chapelry of Haydon, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, and for building a new Chapel, in a convenient Situation, within the said Chapelry, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down the Chapel of the Cha-pclry of Haydon, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, and for building a new Chapel, in a convenient Situation, within the said Chapelry.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1795-

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, accord- Bill to pretent ing to Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent the Healing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying pleated.* ‘ Grounds, or other Places of Interment: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon <Tuesday Sevennighr* the 31st Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Militia Pay

Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and B,u Preftwe<L Cloarhing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Hoafe resolva House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. Monday

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resplve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy cer- Annuiti« Bill. tain Navy and Victualling Bills, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

lo° Ma

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Candover to Basingftcke, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to Alton, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lo.rds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Rector of the Parish of Saint Leonard, in the County of Devon, and John Baring, Esquire, and also between the Vicar of the Parish of Heavitree, in the same County, and the said John Baring;to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Pearson, from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in* and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of British Plantation Sugar and Rum, imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1794, with the Amount of the Duties received, and Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of allot Paltof Marines, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's their P*y, Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Bill foraifing House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a cer- ^ne" tain Number of Men in the several Coantics, Stewar- Na»y,resent-tfies. Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy: And the same was received ;and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next. '

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved. That the Order, made /tendance of upon the 9th Day of this Instant March, for the Right tfffi11* honourable Lord Viscount Garlies to attend this House upon Monday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Lord Viscount Garlies do attend this House, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House comr»ff«on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, That ^oai Aa Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more frh "Ob. effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of ^'^Day. o the

Reported.

Bill ordered*

Account* of N° of Vesselt that hare arrived from Greenland and the Southern Fi Aery} ordered.

Committee oft Bill for regulating the Privilege of Franking.

Ways and Means deferred.

35 Geo. III. 200- — 230 Martii. 351

the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An " Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, " commonly called Sunday," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Muncafer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Muncaster reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Muncaster accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday."

And the Lord Muncaster moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better " Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called " Sunday:" And that the Lord Muncaster and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, d*f'rrcd* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself ineb the said Committee.

A Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Bill for regir-Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, Navigation?, to be registered, was, according to Order, read a Se- committed, cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read; -

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Aliens Bill ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole dcfer,ei1* House, upon the Bill further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or rest*

" dent therein, in certain Cafes."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Meri, that have arrived in the several Ports of Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1789, froth Greenland and the Southern Fishery, together with the Quantity and Value of the Whale Oil and Whalebone imported therein and the Amount of Bounties or Premiums claimed and paid by the respective Fisheries during that Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, that have arrived in the several Ports of Great Britain, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1795, from Greenland and the Southern Fishery, together with the Quantity and Value of the Whale Oil and Whalebone imported therein, and the Amount of Bounties or Premiums claimed and paid by the respective Fisheries during that Time, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further regulating the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon

nesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, fqr the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2 30 die Martii;

Anno 35* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open Why indo-Fields and Meadows, Common Stinted Pasture, fare Bill com-and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in the mitted*

County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Vyner, Junior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing arid inclosing the Open Common orboumby Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the and Newton Parish of OJbournby, in the County of Lincoln, and a Emitted81" Plot of'Half Years Meadow Land, called Meadow,in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Newton, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John fborold, Mr. Vyner, Junior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, Newton Reg;», to whom the Bilffof dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Ucioiure the Open Common Fields, Common'Meadows, Com- 1 rePorte mon Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thijlles, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, or One of them, and also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Clifton Heath, in the Parishes of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thijiles, aforesaid, and Clifton Campville, in the County of Stafford, or One of them, was committed; That the Committee

had

Cleckheaton Inclosure Bill committed.

Brumpton and Lancaster KoaiU Bill committed*

Holme upon the Wolds Inclosure Bill icported.

351

2 5° Martii.

A. 1795.

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1. 12s. id who refused to sign the

Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed is aflfefied at £.257. 19J. 4 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) 1 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,. One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of beaten, in the Parish of Birjlal, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilber force., Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and varying and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brumpton High Lane to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of Lancaster, and for repairing the Road leading from Richmond, through Gilling, Mel-Jonby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Lously Croft, and from Gilling, through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gatberley Moor, and for turning and diverting the said Road, from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, to and through the Town of Hawes, and up the Vale of Widdel, to otherwise Grayftoncs, and for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, that Part of the said Road, and for discharging the Trustees from the Reparation of that Part of the said Road which extends from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, over the Mountain Camm, to Greenfide Gate, and from thence to Gearfiones, otherwise Grayflones, and also from the Reparation of that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brumpton High Lane and the Town of Richmond aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-lerforce, Mr. Duncombe,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Holme upon the Wolds, in the Parish of Holme upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York,

and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Alton Abbots Open and Common Fields, Wastes, and other Com- B*u

monable Lands, within the Parish of Aston Abbots, in the County of Buckingham, and for exonerating the fame, and certain ancient Inclosures, Orchards, and Homesteads, within the said Parish, from the Payment of Tythes, was read the Third Time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Aston Abbots, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Cirencester Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year *"?.St-john* of the Reign of King George the First, and the Fif- Bill patted! teenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Fifteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and certain other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Cjrencesterand of Two several Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, passed. and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two fevcial Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do c^rry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Wroughton doling, certain Open and Common Fields, Common ^^ureB‘U Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in that Part of the Parish of Wrough-

ton,in the County of Wilts, which is situate, lying, and being, in the Hundred of Elftub and Everley, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Wafts Lands, in that Part of the Parish of in the County

Committee on Brigstock and Stanion Inclo. fare, (cc. Ac. Petition discharged from Proceeding on certain Pam thereof.

Brigstock and SUnion, See. Ac. Inclosure Bill ordered.

Report on Petition for granting to Lord OiTory Parr of Rockingham Pored,

35 Geo. III. 230 Martii. 353

County of Wilts,which is situate, lying, and being, in

the Hundred of Eljlub and Everley.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

The House was moved, That the Petition of Henry Duke of Buccleuch, James Earl cf , Edward

Earl Beaulieu, and John Earl of Upper Baron

Upper OJfory, of Amptbill, and the bumble Petition of Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Brigstock and Stanion, in the County of Northampton, and of certain Pieces of Commonable Lands, called, ‘The Great and Little Green in Sudborough, in the same County, and also Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements entitled to Common Rights in Geddington Chafe, and in The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham,in the said County of Northampton,

which was presented to the House, upon the 4th Day of February last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon the 6th Day of February last, for referring the said-Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Committee be discharged from proceeding upon so much of the said Petition as relates to the dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Brigstock and , in the County of Northampton, and such Parc of the Parish of Sudbo-

rough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green, and also, for setting out and allotting Lands, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington Chafe, in the said County of ton, and upon that Part of the Forest of,

in the same County, which is called The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Brigstock and Stanion, in the County of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of Sudborough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green, and also, for setting out and allotting Lands in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington Chafe, in the said County of Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights:. And that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Duke of Buccleuch, James Earl of Cardigan, Edward Earl Beaulieu, and John Earl of Upper OJfory, Baron Upper OJfory, of Amptbill, and the humble Petition of Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in Brigstock and Stanion, in the County of Northampton, and of certain Pieces of Commonable Lands, called The Great and Little Great, in Sudborough, in the same County, and also Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements entitled to Common Rights in Geddington, Chafe, and in The Haye, or Walk of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the said County of Northampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, so far as relates to the Vol. L*

enabling His Majesty to gfant to the said Earl of Upper OJfory, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Eftare, Right, Title, and Interest remaining in His Majesty in and upon The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and also the Reversion of certain Offices, Rents, and other Hereditaments, in the said County of Northampton, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Bramftone, Esquire, produced to your Committee certain Letters Patent, bearing date the Twenty-fifth Day of February, in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the First, whereby, in Consideration of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, paid by John Lord Mordauntof his said Majesty did give and grant unto the said John Lord Mor--daunt, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, clivers Coppices, Woods, Underwoods, and Woodlands, with the Appurtenances therein particularly mentioned, lying and being within the Bailiwick of Farming Weeds, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of and containing together Seven Hundred and Four Acres and Three Roods, and also all and all Manner of Woods, Underwoods, and Trees whatsoever growing or to grow, or be upon the said Woodlands, or any Part thereof, and all the Land, Ground, and Soil of the said Woods, Underwoods, Woodlands, and Trees, and all Profits, Commodities, and Emoluments whatsoever arifingand growing from the said Woods, Underwoods, Woodlands, and Trees, Ground, and Soil (excepting all large Trees being Timber, and all fair Saplings of Oak, Act), and Elm growing or to grow in the said Woods, to be reserved and left for Standils or Saplers and also, excepting t;he Herbage for the King's Deer and Wild Beasts, and all Mines and Quarries upon the Premiflts) :.To hold all the same (except as aforesaid) to and to the Use of the said John Lord Mordaunt, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: To hold of the Manor of East Greenwich, in free and Common Socage, at and under the Yearly Rent of Ten Pounds: And his said Majesty did, in and by the same Letters Patent, also give and grant to the said John Lord Mordaunt, his Heirs and Assigns, the Office of Valet Forester of Farming Woods aforesaid, and of the said Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, and Woodlands aforesaid, within the Bailiwick of Farming Woods aforesaid, within the said Forest of Rockingham, to be held and enjoyed by the said John Lord Mordaunt, his Heirs and Assigns, by himselfor his sufficient Deputy or Deputies, with all Fees, Profits, Commodities, and Advantages to the said Office belonging or appertaining.

And he also produced to your Committee certain other Letters Patent, bearing date the Twenty-third Day of July, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, King Charles the First, whereby his said Majesty, in Confnieration of Two thousand Pounds paid By Francis Earl of Westmorland, and the said John Lord Mordaunt, then Earl of and at their Nomination and Request did give and grant to Nicholas Pay and Clement and to

Francis Pickering and Edward Stanton, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever (amongst other Things) all and all Manner of large Trees whatsoever of Oak, Ash, and Elm, being Timber,or which were accounted as Timber, or proper for Timber, and all other Trees of Timber whatsoever, and all Saplings of Oak,. Allies, and Elms, and all other Woods and Trees whatsoever growing or being, or thereafter to grow and be in and upon the said Woods, Underwoods, Woodlands, Coppices of Wood and Underwood, and Hereditaments mentioned and described in the*.fame Letters Patent, being the same Woods, Underwoods, and Heredira*

4 X ments,

Tempfrt* Name Bill parted.

Sr afford (litre Petition for applying Militia Money reported.

354 130 Martii. A. 1795.

ments, which are particularly mentioned and described in the said Letters Patent of the Twenty-fifth Day of

February, in the said Third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and also all and all Manner of Trees, whatsoever, being Timber, Saplings, and other Wood and Trees growing or to grow, and be within the Lawns, Ridings, Limits, Bounds, or Precincts of The . Haye, or Walk, called, or known by the Name of d»g Woods, in the said Forest of Rockingham, to hold the same to and to the Use of the said Nicholas , Clement Bellamy, Francis Pickering, and Edward

their Heirs and Assigns for ever.

And being examined, he said. That by several mesne Conveyances, and other Acts in the Law, the said Woods, Underwoods, Timber, and other Hereditaments, so far as the same relate to The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, and also the said Office of Valet Fo-rester, and other Offices, are now vested in the Right -honourable John Earl of Upper

And he also produced to your Committee other Letters Patent, bearing date the Twenty-eighth Day of August, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby His Majesty did give and grant unto the said John Earl of Upper OJfory, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the Office of Master Fo-rester and Keeper of Farming , aforesaid, with the Office of Supervisor, as well of Vert as Venison, of all and singular the said Woods, and the Office of Receiver of all Fines, Issues, and Amerciaments to be loft and forfeited by all Manner of Persons whatsoever, growing and arising within the Woods aforesaid, and the Office of Receiver of all Rents called Ward Rents, as also the Office of Bailiff of Brigjlock (except

Geddington Woods) and also the Herbage and Pannage of the Land called The New land of Farming Woods, and also all that the Hundred of and

Millejey, with the Appurtenances, in the said County of Northampton, and the Profits and Rents of Aid of the Sheriffs, within the Hundred aforesaid, and the Arrears of the same; and the Office and Offices of Steward and Stewardship, Bailiff and Bailiwick of the said Hundred, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and all Courts Leet, and View of Frankpledge of the said Hundred, and Sheriffs Turn, and all Goods of Felons and Fugitives, and Estrays within the said Hundred (except as therein is excepted) To have, enjoy, and occupy the said Offices and Premifies unto the said John Earl of Upper OJfory, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during the Term of Ninety-nine Years, if the said Earl of Upper OJfory, Granville Leve/on Earl Gower (now Marquis.of Stafford) and Richard Fitzpatrick, Esquire, or either of them, should so long live.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Report.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Henry Vane, Baronet, to take the Surname and Arms of Tempejl, pursuant to the Will of John Tempejl, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Sir Henry Vane, Baronet, to take the Surname and Arms of Tempejl, pursuant to the Will of John Tempejl, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

The Earl Gower Sutherland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, of the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to thfc House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered It in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts passed in the Seventh and Ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the raising and training the Militia, within that Parc of Great Britain called England, were read. — Then,

John Sparrow, Esquire, being examined, said, That several Sums of Money, to aconsiderable Amount, have been assessed, collected, and raised, upon and within the said County, for the Purposes i-n the said Acts mentioned, and that there is now remaining in the Hands of the Receiver General of the County the Sum of £ 3>30o and upwards, and in the Hands of several other Persons, divers other Sums of Money unapplied; and that the,laid Sums Cannot, by the Laws in being, be.applied for any Purpose whatsoever. — *That in pursuance of a Recommendation from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Lord Lieutenant of the said County, for raising and embodying Troops for the internal Defence of this Kingdom, a Subscription was, for that Purpose, entered into, and a considerable Number of Forces have been raised and embodied within the said County accordingly; and that it is conceived the Object of the said Recommendation would be more effectually promoted if the Money raised by virtue of the said Acts as aforesaid, was to be applied towards defraying the Expences of raising and embodying Troops within the said County for the Purpose aforesaid, in Aid of the Sums raised and to be raised by Subscription for the like Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Henlow, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ojborn, Mr. St.John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Tucker Steward prefenredto the House, according to Order, a Bill for keeping in Repair the Footways in the High Street of the Town of Kenftngton, in the County of Middlesex\ and for lighting and watching the said Street, and also certain Courts and Alleys communicating the rewith, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aq ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads, within the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint Margaret Westminster, Kenjmgton, Chelsea, and Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching, and watering the fame, except a certain Part thereof, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1.1. 2. After "the" to insert *East Side of " the"

Pr. 8. I. 25. To leave out from " being" to " shall" in 1. 27.

1. 32'. After " Trustees" to insert " hereinbefore particularly named, or 5 any

H;nIow

Inclosure BiH committed.

Bill for repairing, See. the Footways of Kensington High St.r^et> preftfnted.

Hyde Park Comer, Ken* fington, &c. Roads Bill f parted*

1

55 Geo. III. 230 Martii. 355

" any Trustee to be appointed as " herein after mentioned."

Arid the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's and certain

other Roads, in the county of ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for efl»- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ▼iiued Rem of Rc*ding of the Bill for establishing and apportioning the lQandt of the valued Rent of the Islands of Zetland, Part of the fcc'^ut off f#r Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland; and for regulating a Momhf. *r the Mode of giving Notice when a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the find Stewartry is to be elected, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

the'em A Petition Of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and

«ion oTco?- Common Council, of the Borough of , in the

chtierrcfpcA. County of Essex, was presented to the House, and Mg the Wjr. rea(j. Setting forth. That on the 27th Day of

‘Januarylaft, a Meeting of the Gentry, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Colchester, was,

in Consequence of a Public Advertisement for that Purpose, held at The White Hart in the said Town, for taking into Consideration the Propriety of preferring a Petition recommending the suing for Peace, and a Motion was, at such Meeting, made accordingly to that Effect, which, after being fully debated, was, by a very large and decided Majority, negatived; notwithstanding which, the Petitioners have been informed that a Petition of that Tendency, Signed by a very few indeed compared with the whole Number of the Gentry, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, hath found its way to the Foot of the Throne: Under these Circumstances the Petitioners beg Permission to aSTure the House, they have the firmest Reliance on the Wisdom and Integrity of His Majesty's Ministers, and this House, that they will embrace the first Opportunity in their Power to restore the BleSTings of Peace; at the same Time the Petitioners most heartily approve of the several Resolutions of the House for prosecuting, with the utmoSt Vigour, the present necessary and justifiable War; necessary, because, in the Petitioners Opinion, no other Means could ensure to His Majesty and His Posterity the Crown of these Realms, and to His People, the inestimable BleSTings they enjoy under our present moSt glorious Constitution; and justifiable, because they think a vigorous War. at this Conjuncture, the moSt likely Means of effecting a speedy, art honourable, and a lading Peace; and the Petitioners ardently pray to Almighty God, who giveth not always the Battle to the Strong, that He will go forth with our Fleets and Armies, and reward with Victory those Prodigies of Valour which have been Shewn by His Majesty's Forces both by Sea and Land, and soon fend those valiant Heroes back to their native Soil, loaded, not only with Laurels, but welcomed with the Olive.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bill to amend Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord-obstrvat!on*r *n6 to Or<Rr, a Bill to amend and render more effec-of the Lord't tual an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Day,printed. Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second,

intituled, "An Act for the better ObferVrition of the"

Lord's Day, commonly called And the'

fame was received; and read the PrrSt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a: Second Time upon 'Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, A1*®*8111* upon the Bill further to continue an Act, made in' the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cafes'," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfejf into She faits Cord* mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ryder took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, That they' had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ryder accordingly reported from the Said Committee, the Amendment which' the Committee had* made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the'

Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read, and upon the Question" put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be* ingroSTed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time-To-morrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingroSTed. , '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second BfflfotnHhiff Reading of the Bill for raising a certain Number of hn*4for tb*" Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, NMy, cm*, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scot- mitwJ. land, for the Service of His Majesty's- Navy, be now read. *

And the said Order being read accordingly $

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committer of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to-bring in a Bill to Scotch fm»u explain and extend the Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the more easy and expedi- tious Recovery of Small Debts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for rendering the justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office: And that the Lord Advocate^ of Scotland and Mr. Secretary Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingroSTed Bill for further continuing an Act, Bill to con. made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of _

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for efta- dctranAft blishing Courts: of Judicature in the Island of New- P*4

foundland, and the Islands adjacent," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Ahd that the Title be. An Act for further continuing an Act* matte in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty>

American Trade Bill passed.

Navy and Victualling Bills Annuities Bill reported.

Bill for enabling Magistrates to rails Men for the Nary, prefaced.

Committee of Ways and Means,

556 23 0 Martii 1795.

jesty, intituled, u An Act for establishing Courts of " Judicature in the Island of and the

" Islands adjacent."

Ordered\That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Laws now in.Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they hid directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Jus Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Magistrates in the several Counties in Great Britain to raise and levy, under certain Regulations, such able-bodied and idlePersons as shall be found within the said Counties, to serve in His Majesty's Navy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursdoy Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, Serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a> Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending so much of " an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth " Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the " Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom," as. " relates to the Militia of the City of London-, and for " the better ordering the fame," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Matter of the Complaint, made to the House upon the 26th Day of Jaft, That

the Writ, which was issued on the 15th Day of January last, for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, had not been executed, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Scamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for repealing a certain Exception as far as relates to Bonds given as Security for the Payment of One hundred Pounds, or under, contained in an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole

Bill to enable Petty Officers and Seamen to allot Part of their Pay, committed.

Committee 01 Haii Powder Certificates Duty Bill*

Committee or Bill to amend London Militia Ad.

Con fi deration of the Complaint telpefting K t kcud-biig-it Writ deferred*

Vellum, Parchment, Arc. additional Duties Bill deferred*

Supply

fared.

Bill for registering Vessel* Hied on Inland Navigation*, deferred.

Petition for Leave to pie-sent a Petition for re-b nil wing

several Bridge*

tkearDoncaster.

Leave glved.

I^oncaster B ittge* Petition

35 Geo. III.

230' — i 40 Mar tit.

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rtfdved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, nfed on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain,to be registered.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Cltick.

Martis, 24.® Martii;

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

APETITION of the Trustees for putting in Execution Certain Acts of Parliament, of the Fourteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Sixth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Dcncafier,through , to the

South Side of Tadcafeer Cro/s, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read 5 Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that an Order was made, in the present Session, for limiting the Time for presenting Petitions for Private Bills to the th Day of February last; and that, since the Time so limited, several Bridges upon the said Road, near the Town of , have been

carried away by the Violence of die late Floods, and the said Road greatly damaged, so that the Game is become impassable, and, in order to render the said Road at all Times safe and commodious for Travellers, it will be necessary not only to re-build the said Bridges, and repair the damaged Parts of the Road, but also to raise the Road in some Places, and toeredfc Arches under the same sufficient for the Passage of the "Water in Times of Flood; and that the said Road being Part of the Great North Road, it is of great Consequence to the Public that the same should be made passable and safe for Travellers as soon as may be 1 but the Expence6 attending the Works necessary to be done for that Purpose will amount to a much greater Sum than can be raised by the Petitioners tinder the Powers of the said Adfcs} And (therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present a Petition, in the present Session, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to re-build the said Bridges, and to render the said Road at ail Times safe for Travellers, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills is expired.

Ordered, That in Considerition of the particular Circomstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Trustees.

Then a Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Fourteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Sixth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcafler Cro/s,in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioneis to re-build the said Bridges, and to render the said Road at all Times safe for Travellers, by such W ays and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Vol. L. -V

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it.

shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Buncombe, force, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-

ing, at Nine of the Clock,'in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Sir William Heathcoti reported from the Committee, Basingttone to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose R^j^'petition Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for reported, executing Two Acts, pasted in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Basing/lone, nedr the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, through FrivtJey and Farnbam, in the same County, and from thence, through;

Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Sutton,

New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had idirected him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; by the last of which it appears, that the said Roads were divided into Two Districts, trailed the Upper and Lower Districts, and separate Trustees were appointed for the Care and Management of each: — Then,

Mr. James Trimmer, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts for the Upper Distridk of the said Roads> and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, of which the Sum of f. 2,300 now remains due, which Money canoot be repaid, nor the Roads within the said Distridb kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged — And the Wixncls added. That ,it will be. necessary to alter and in-oreafe some of the TollsAnd,

Mr. Thomas Bernard, being examined, laid, That' the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said AdU for (the Lower Piftridlof the said Roads,;and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted*- of which the Sum of 1,890 now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads within the said District be kept in ptoper Repair, unless the Term granted, by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And he further said, That it will be necessary to alter and increase some of the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,' and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnbam,in the fame, County, and from thence,

through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bi-Jhcp's Sutton,'New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise 4 Y Matterley

Ludlow, fich mid Llandovery, See. Road* Bin reported*

Chedder In do Cure Bill committed.

Biring*s

change Bill committed.

Committee on Report of Stafford shire Petition for applying Milan Money.

reported.

Bill ordered.

358 14° Martiu ^.1795.

M&tterley Lam,to the City of Winchester,in the County of Stafford, by Virtue of several Acts of Parliament

of Southampton: And that Sir William Heathcottand made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom: And Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in the fame. that Sir Edward Littleton and the Earl Gower Suther-

land do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt repotted from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Of The House,/ according to Order, resolved itself into Committeetm an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Ma- a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the p'^ion'for jetty, For amending* widening and keeping in Repair, Report which was made from the Committee, to whom granting to the Roads leading from Lud/ow-such, in thie County of the Petition of Henry Duke of James Earl R^k-

Carmartben, to the Town of Llandovery, and from of Cardigan, Edward Earl and John Earl of ingham Fwtft.

thence, through the Town of Llangadock, to the River Upper Offory, Baron Upper of Ampthill, and the

Amman, and several other Roads communicating the re- humble Petition of Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, and of with, was committed; That the Committee had exa- the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same TubrcHbed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands to be true; and that the Committee had gone through and Common Rights in the Common and Open the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands* and Watte which they had directed him to repbrt to the House; Grounds, in and in the County of

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Northamand of certain Pieces of Commonable delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Lands, called and in

Cleric's Table t Where the Amendments were Once in the same County, and also Owners and Proprietors read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by of Lands and Tenements entitled to Common Rights One; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, in G Chafe, and in 3or Walk, of were agreed to by the House. Farming H in the Forest of Rockingham, in the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be said County of Northampton, was referred, ingrotted. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickins took the Chair of the Committee.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and iflclosing, the Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Open and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Mr. Dickins teported from the Committee, That he

Cheddar, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second was directed by the Committee to make a Motion,

Time. when the House will please to receive the same.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. John OrdThat the Report be now received. Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Mr. Dickins accordingly reported from the said reported. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to Chamber. move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a

Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to the Right An ingrotted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act honourable John Earl of Upper Offory, his Heirs and for effectuating an Exchange between the R- dor of Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title* the Parish of Saint Leonard, in the County of Devon, and interest, remaining in His Majesty, in and upon and John Baring, Esquire, and also between the Vicar The or Walk, of Farming Woods, in the Forest of of the Parish of Heavitree, in the same County, and Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and also

the said John Baring, was read a Second Time. the Reversion of certain Offices, Rents, and other

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Hereditaments, in the said County of Northampton Sir Francis Baring, &c.: And they are to meet this (to which the said Earl of Upper Offory is entitled for Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Three Lives, under a Grant from His present Ma-Chamber. jetty) upon a full and adequate Confederation to be

paid for the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day,-for the House And Mr. Dickins moved the House accordingly,

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Sillordtrtd.

to consider of the Report which Was made from the enable His Majesty to grant to the Right honourable Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, John Earl of Upper Offory, his Heirs and Assigns,.in and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, of the Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and interest,

County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto fob- remaining in His Majesty, in and upon The Haye, or feribed, was referred, be now read. Walk, of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham,

And the said Order being read accordingly; in the County of Northampton, and also the Reversion

The House resolved itself into the said Commit- of certain Offices, Rents, and other Hereditaments, in tee. the said County of Northampton (to which the said Earl

Mr. Speaker left the'Chair. of Upper Offory is entitled for Three Lives, under a

Sir Edward Littleton took the Chair of the Com- Grant from His present Majesty) upon a full and ade-mittfe. quate Consideration to be paid for the same: And

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. tha; Mr. Dickins and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Com- in, the fame, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Eaton Sown the fame. Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Com- ineloforeWJl

Ordered, That the Report be now received. monable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton comnutt

Sir Edward Littleton accordingly reported from the Socon, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee Time.

to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St, a Bill for applying certain Sums of Money raised in John, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this

the County of Stafford, by virtue of several Acts of Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Parliament made respecting the Militia of this King- Chamber, dotn.

And Sir Edward Littleton moved the House ac- A Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the Bedford and cordingly; Road leading from the Towo of in the County Kimboijwi

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of Bedford, to the End of a Lane called Park Lane, in Applying certain Sums of Money raised in the County the Parish of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon,

where

Mr. Fiti-thorrm's Peti* lion against worth and Kin gf wood Canal Bill.

Bnry and Haf-lingden Roads Bill reported.

35 Geo. III. 240 Martii.

359

where the same adjoins the Turnpike Road leading from Kimbolton to Eaton Soc in the said County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St. John, Mr. OJborn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Reverend William Windsor tbomas, Proprietor of certain Shares of the Upper Part of the Navigation of the River was presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapw into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of ,in

the County of Warwick: and Setting forth. That the Petitioner, as Proprietor of such Shares in the Upper Part of the Navigation of the River Avon, has great Reason to apprehend the Value of them will be very considerably diminished, if the proposed Bill should pass, inasmuch as the Trade now carried on by Means of the last mentioned Navigation will be principally, if not entirely, carried on by Means of the proposed Canal, and the Benefit now arising to the Petitioner will be transferred from him to the Proprietors of the intended Canal: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, Agents,- and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pafc into a Law; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fir.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ««An Act for amending, widening,

turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, u the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury,

now or late in the Occupation of William,

Gentleman, to Haslingden, and from thence to the '* East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the Road from Haslingden aforesaid to the East End " of Cockjhutl Bridge, in the Town of Wballey, and also

" the Road from Haslingden aforesaid, through New " Church and Bacup, to Todm and for making a " Road, from the said Road between Bury and Haflingden, in the Township of Waimerfley^ to the River " Irwell, and for building a Bridge over the said " River, all in the County Palatine of as

relates to the firit District of Roads therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the fe-Veral Persons thereunder written, being Owners or Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, And Hereditaments, within the Township of Great Harwood, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the several and respective Towns and Town ships of Clitbero, Ribthester, Dutton, Aigbtott, Bailey, Chaigeley, Thornley, Chipping, Leagrim, Forest of

Rowland, Newton, Slaidbum, Bolton, Holden,

Sawley, Grindleton, Bradforth, Waddington, Bajball, *

ton with Crook, Chat burn, Downbam, Gijbum, Rimmb-gton, Werften, Mearley, Pendleton, and Wifwell; and also, the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Clitbero, in the County of Lancaster, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, ^nd had examined the Allegations of the Bill, And found the

fAme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agteed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do make the Re- itching Nayi-port from the Committee, to whom the Petition of sation i>etiuon fames D'Arcy, of the City of Winchester, Esquire, was reporte referred.

Mr. Thomas Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Applications for Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and hp read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, .* An Act to explain,

amend, and render more effectual an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for making divers " Rivers Navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats,

Barges, and other Vessels," so far as the same relates " to the River Itching,running from Alresford, through

" Winchester, to the Sea near So, and for

" better regulating the said Navigation," was read; whereby it appeared. That certain Commissioners therein named, were authorized, from Time to Time, as Occasion should require, to settle and ascertain reasonable Rates to be taken by the Proprietors, Occupiers, and Owners of all Barges, Boats, and Vessels, . for the Carriage, Riverage, and Wharfage of all Corn,

Wood, Salt, Iron, Timber, Coal, or any other Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities whatsoever which should be navigated or carried upon the said River. — Then,

Mr. Joseph Hill, a Surveyor, being examined, said.

That from various Causes, as well arising from the increased Value of the Articles used and employed in and for the Navigation, as the great Increase of Expence attending the fame, the said Navigation being in certain Places much subject to Floods, Winds, and Storms, the Works and Conveniencies of the said Navigation have of late fallen very much into Decay, and are now much in want of Repair; and that the Navigation of the said River is also rriych interrupted between a Place called Woodmill and a Place called Northam.^-And the Witness added, That it would be of great Public Utility and Convenience that such Interruption should be removed by deepening the said River in certain Places, and by making other necessary Works and Improvements in and upon the fame.

And,

fames D'Arcy, Esquire, being exAnlined, said, That he is willing and desirous at his own Expence to make the said several Improvements, upon having the same Rates of Carriage, Riverage, and Wharfage* as are now taken upon the said River and Wharfs feciired to him, his Heirs, and Assigns*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itcbin, in the County of Southampton, and for improving the.

Navigation

Newton Reg?*,

&c. inclosure Bill passed.

Finlbury Squ<ue Paving* Bill re. ported.

Petition in favour of Patchet and Isleworth Canal Bill.

Aliena Bill passed.

i40 MartiL . 1795*

Navigation thereof, and for ascertaining *he Rates of Riverage, Tonnage, and Wharfage payable thereon: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Newton Regis, otherwise New',on in the Thijlles, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, or one of them, and also, a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Clifton in the Parishes of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thijlles, aforesaid, and Clifton , in the County of Stafford,otone of them, was read the Third

Time.

Rejclved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title fee, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, , Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Pari fh of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thijlles, in the Counties of Warwick and or one of

them, and also, a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Clifton Heath, ;in the Parishes of 4cn Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thijlles, aforesaid., and Cliftcn Campville, in the County of Stafford, or one of them.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Nnderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made and paired in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair,

«« bury Square, in the Parish of Luke, in the

/« County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of

* Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places com-*» municating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nut lances and Annoyances within the same," was committed; That the Committee -had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be-true; and that the Committee had gone through /the Bill, and made feversd Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hinri to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, >with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout.; /and then Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qpef-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed t.o by the iHouse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A 'Petition of the i several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns of and -

Worth, and the Neighbourhood thereof,in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of , in the County of Buckingham,into the said River, at or near

a certain Place, called or known by the Nam.e of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isleworth, in the County of A iiddlesex:And praying, that the said Bill may

pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Bill (now ingrafted) further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign,

intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or refi-" dpnt therein, in certain Cafes," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for establishing Regulations respecting

Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident itherein, in certain Cafes."

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Receipt* add!, der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain addi- % ?,"* tional Duties on Receipts: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Sea Tnfurincei

J wi ll rr ... , . P -Duties Bill

der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp presented. Duties 00 Sea Insurances: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of '.George Lord Viscount Garlies, was Petition of presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioner was greatly concerned at being Kirkcudbright served with an Order of this House, directing him to attend the House on the 23d Day of this Instant March., to give an Account to the House of the Delay in the Execution of the Writ, which was issued on the 15 th of Januarylaft, for the Election of a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the Stewart'ry of Kirkcudbright, which Order of the House has since been enlarged till the 25th Instant: That the Petitioner, having been appointed by His Majesty Sheriff, or

Stewart Principal, of the said Stewartry of Kirkcudbright conceived, and was advised, that he was entitled as such to take, and to execute, the Writ so issued, and be accordingly received the said Writ from the Meffengerof the Great Seal on the 16th of January last, meaning forthwith to repair to Kirkcudbright to execute *

it; and that within a few Days after receiving the Wr\t the Petitioner set out for Kirand went by the Way of Edinburgh, in order to take the Oaths required by Law to qualify him for the Office of Stewart Principal, which could be done only before the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, fitting at Edinburgh, but, by the unusual Severity of the Weather, and Badnpfs of the Roads, the Petitioner's Journey to Edinburgh was rendered very tedious, and when he arrived there, and wifhedto proceed to Kirkcudbright, he found that, from the great Fall of Snow and intense Froft, the Road to Kirkcudbright was impafiable, except by Foot Passengers, and even to them it was attended with RUk, and the Roads ,contin,ued in that Condition for Fpur Weeks; and that the Petitioner, most anxious that no Blame should attach on him as delaying the Execution of the Writ, took the Opinion of a Counsel of great Eminence at the Bar of the Court of Session, and by him, as well as by other Gentlemen of that Profession, with whom he conversed at Edinburgh on the Subject, he was advised, first. That, as Sheriff, or 6cewart Principal, he had a Right to execute the Writ; and, secondly, That he had a difere- ' tionary Power of fixing the Day of Election, taking Care that the Discretion was properly exercised; and as the Sheriff's Right to name the Day of Election was considered to beunquestionable, so he found it universally underftopd that he might delay the Publication of the Writ till he had determined as to the Day, o because

Ovder for the Attendance of Lord Garlics discharged.

Order for Confident ion of the Complaint respecting Kirkcudbright "Writ discharged.

Billformaking Additions to Militia Officers, See. Pay presented.

The Lords have agreed to

Womditch inclosure Bill.

Great Cat-worth Inclo-sure Bill.

35 Geo. III. 14 0 Marin- 361

because the Publication or Notices mult name the Day of Election, and the Day once named cannot be altered or enlarged; that the Petitioner then took into his Consideration the State of the Country at the Time, and the general Convenience of the Electors, many of whom were at a Distance from and who probably would have been prevented from attending, if an earlier Time had been fixed, and he then delivered the Writ to the Stewart Depute, in order that he might give the Notices, and fix the Day of Election at a Time which the Petitioner, from the Enquiries he made, thought would be convenient to the Electors in general; the Petitioner's Reason for devolving the Duty on the Stewart Depute, instead of executing it himself, which was his first Intention, being, that he found Doubts suggested as to his own Power, and, though he himself had none, he thought it best to proceed in a Way by which it appeared most probable that all Difficulties would be obviated; and although the Petitioner trusts it will appear to the House, from the foregoing State of the Cafe, that, if there has been an Error in hii Conduct, it was wholly unintentional, he is nevertheless ready and desirous to give any farther Explanation which the House may be pleased to require; but, he allures the House, that nothing could be more remote from his Thoughts than any Degree of Disrespect for the Privileges of the House, and that he is extremely concerned at the Inconvenience and Trouble which the House has had on this Occasion.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Friday last, for the Right honourable Lord Viscount Gar lies to attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made Yesterday, for taking into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning, the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the a6th Day of February last. That the Writ^which was issued on the 15th Day of January lap, for the electing of a Commissioner to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, had not been executed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making certain Additions to the Pay of Subaltern Officers, and also certain Annual Allowances to Surgeons, of the Militia, during Peace, and under certain Restrictions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Spyanger:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, of Wornditch,in the Parish of in the County of Huntingdon-,without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Great Catwcrth, in the Counties of bluntingdon and Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also,

Voi.. L.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, i\rl Act for vesting the Mansion House, called Soddylt Hall, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of Roger Jennings, the Younger, Esquire, deceased, with the Appurtenances, in Trustees> in Fee Simple in Possession, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, and for Sale thereof, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the nth Day of this Instant March, for taking into further Consideration, upon Friday the lyrh Day of April next, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending " the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment,

" and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cafes, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Fburf the 23d Day o next.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder, was committed, the Amend* ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, to exempt certain Clergymen, and Officers in the Army and Navy, from Payment of the Duty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, from Payment of the Duty, in certain Cafes.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that any Person who shall have more than Two Daughters, unmarried, shall be allowed a Certificate for all of them, on paying the -Duty for Two.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon,' agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that the Proof of any Exemption shall lie on the Person claiming it.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Fburfday Morning next, if the said Bill

shall be then ingossed.

4 Z Mr.

The Lord.9 have pafl'cd

Jeflnings Kiiate B<11«

Poor Relief B.Il deferred*

Hair Powder Certificates Duty Bill reported.

Rqx>rt Way* and Means.

An additional Duty on Coil- terns of Stills used in Scotland.

D°.

D %

D° on D° used in England to Ixr exported to Scotland*

D % *

D*.

D\

A Duty on In fa ranee* of &c.

3 6* 4 4* — 15

Mr. Hobart,according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for. raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; Viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Annual Duty of Nine Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still uled in distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, from Malt, Corn, Grain, or B Materials, in the Low Lands of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Annual Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Walh, or Low Wines, from Melasses or Sugar, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Annual Duty of Eighteen Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Walh, or Low Wines, from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign Materials (except Melasses or Sugar) in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Annual Duty of Nine Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Walh, or Low Wines, from Malt, Corn, Grain, or British Materials, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Annual Duty of Nine Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in rectifying or compounding Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Annual Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Walh, or Low Wines, from Melasses or Sugar, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Annual Duty of Eighteen Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Walh, or Low Wines, from Foreign Materials (except Melasses or Sugar) in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-grofled, printed, or written, any Insurance upon any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or upon any other Property or Interest whereon Insurances may lawfully be made, there shall be charged the Stamp Duties following upon the Sums insured, that is to say; where the Sum to be insured shall amount to £. too, a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence, and so progressively for every Sum of £. too insured; and where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to J. too, a like Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence; and where the Sum to be insured shall exceed J. too, or any progressive Sums of £. ioo each by any fractional Part of £. too, a like Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence for such fra&ional Part of £. ioo; which several Du-

9 Martii A. i795i

ties shall be payable and paid by the Allured in such Insurances respectively.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, tlfere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in Upon the Seven first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr.;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of ington, Mr» Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Mr;

John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Charles Lokg, do prepare; and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare; and bring in; a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 24th Day of February last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the last of the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pur. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.,

for *, Yeas,

TcltefortheNocs.|Mr.Gr^ j Sj.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 50 Martii;

Anno 35* Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, j£\. anACt, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to " explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much " of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers " Thames and IJts, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of as re-

" lates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the " Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, *« near Staines, in the County of to the said

Town of Cricklade-,'* and for extending and en-

larging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-Jittart, Sir John Call, &c.: And they are to meet this *s Afternoon,

Motion for going into t Committee on the State of the Nation super-feded.

Thames and I fis Navigation Bill committed.

Report referred.

AberdeenHar* boor Bill re* ported, and rtHCommiited.

Aberdeen Paving, &e. Bill picfcnted.

Bbekwater and Chelmer Navigation Bill (^aTcfited,

Abingdon ar Trowbridge Canal H>11 reported.

35 Geo. III. 150 Mariit.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 17th Day of May 1793, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Progress that has been made towards the Amendment and Improvement of the Navigation of the 'Thames and in cori-sequence of the several Acts paGed for that Purpose, and also, into the Amount of the Receipts and Expenditure, and of the State of the Trade on the said Rivers, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Allardyce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbour of " for erecting new Piers and Quays therein, and for M regulating Ships and Vessels trading into, and going " out of, the said Harbour," was committedj That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Pill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are needfary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whpm the same was committed.

Mr. Allardyce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleaning, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads' and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water; and for the removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be fead a Second Time*

Mr. Holden Strutt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for improving the Navigation of the Rivers Blackwater and Chelmer, from a Place called

Collier's Reach to a Place called Fullbridge, and from thence towards Beeleigh Mill, and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said River Chelmer below Beeleigh Mill to that Part off he said River lying above Beeleigh Mill, in the County of Essex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1 Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Ifts, at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the intended Rennet and Avon Canal at or near the Town of , in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as re-

quired by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of and the

Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, On Behalf of themselves* and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Woottcn Basset, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read ;' Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hole, in the Parish of Hatchet, in the County of Buckingham-, into the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of JJleworth, in the County of Middlesex: And praying, That the said Bill

may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table;

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term arid Powers of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from in

the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence, through the Town of to

the River Amman, and several other Roads communicating the rewith, was read the Third Time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majestyj for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Ludlow-facb, in the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence, through the Town of Llangadock, to the River Amman, and several other Roads communicating the rewith.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of

Scartbo, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Junior, Sir John Thoroid, S: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Hamlet t>f

gate, in the County of Midthrough a certain Lane, called Maiden Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary JJlington, to a certain Place called Battle Bridge, in the same County, and the several other Highways and Foot Paths in the said Parish of (which are not included in any Turnpike Acts) and to enable the Inhabitants^ the said Parish to raise Money for that and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr, Vansittart, Sec.: And they are to meet

this

Petitions In favour of Datche? and Isleworth Canal Bill.'

Ludlow such and Llandovery, &c. Roads Bill passed.

Scartho Inclo* sure Bill committed;

Highgate and Battle Bridge, See. Roads Bill committed.

304 250 Martii. 1795.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

t

inchbciiy Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Com-

Guigow'ltc. m,ltee> to whom the Petition of the Persons, whose R«ii» Petition Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land, in reported. the Counties of LanerkDumbarton, and , was

referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and also, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his said Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act of the Tventy-sixth Year of his said late Majesty; and also, another Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to enlarge the Terms and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of , so far

as the same relates to the District of Roads from Inch-belly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District of Road, were read; whereby it appeared, that certain Trustees were authorized to survey, order, and repair the said Road, from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and sundry Powers were given for borrowing Money upon the Credit of the Tolls to be collected on the said Road: And,

Mr. John Spottifwoodbeing examined, said. That a

considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Acts, and great Progrels has been made in repairing the said Road; but the same cannot beeffectually repaired and kept in Repair unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and further and other Powers granted:

— Then, v

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Road -from Inchbelly Bridge to Colder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Lawmuir, to the Town of Hew Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near to the Town of Old K, is in many Parts out of Repair, unsafe, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and rendered safe and commodious, without the Interposition of Parliament: — And,

Mr. Laurence Dinwidd confirmed the latter Part of this Evidence, with respect to the Road leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present T urn-pike Road leading to Cumbernauld.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ehlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and of {mother Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term'and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the District of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District of Road, so far as the

N

fame relate to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading to Colder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Balmore, to or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near Lawmuir, to the Town of Old Kilpatrick, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld: And that Sir Archibald monstone and Mr. William McDowall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Pftitmr from thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the r<-<u ng-inst Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, *"4

and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His pre- rmJiBJI. sent Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, and other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thac the Petitioners are informed Application is making to Parliament for an Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brumpton High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of Lancaster-, and that, by virtue of the said Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of his said late Majesty's Reign, a certain small Portion of the direct High Road between Keighley and Kirkby Kendal aforesaid, was put and continued under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing those Acts, and, under the Authority thereof, a Turnpike hath been erected and continued at a Place called Ingleton, in the dounty of; and, that, by the Procurement of the Trustees for the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, a Clause was inserted in the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the same Reign, rcftrajning the Trustees for executing that Act, from diverting or turning the Road leading from Keighley to Kirkby Kendal aforesaid, so as to lessen, or in any other Manner whatsoever to prejudice or affect, the Receipt of the Tolls payable upon the Road leading from Brumpton High Lane, in the County of to the Town of

Lancaster,in the County of Lancaster,or to empower the said Trustees to collect or receive any Tolls or *' Duties upon any Part of the said Road leading from *

Brumpton High Lane to Lancaster; and that, although the Space of Road above-mentioned doth not exceed Half a Mile in Length, ^11 Persons travelling thereon, between Keighley and Kirkby Kendal aforesaid, and the intermediate Places, are subjected to the Payment of a heavy Toll at the said Ingleton Bar, and as certain Improvements have been made on the Road under the Care of the Petitioners, and other Improvements are intended to be made, at a very great Expence, whereby the Passage of Travellers on the Road between Keighley and Kirkby Kendal will be considerably increased, and the Receipt of Toll at the said Ingleton Bar proportionably augmented, the Petitioners conceive that it is reasonable either that Provision should be made, in any Bill that shall be brought in on the Prayer of the said Trustees of the Brumpton High Lane Road, for repealing the Restraint so laid upon the Petitioners as aforesaid, and for restraining the said Brumpton High

Lane Trustees from continuing or erecting any Turnpike, for the Receipt of Tolls, upon the said Space of Road between the Guide Post at the Cross near Ingle-

ton,

Lj

35 Geo. III. 25 a Martii.365

ton, and the Guide Post near or that a Portion of the Tolls to be hereafter collected at the said Ingleton Bar, or any other Turnpike to be erected within the said Space, shall be paid to the Petitioners for the Use and Benefit of the Roads under their Care and Management: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision be made for the Relief of the Petitioners, in One of the Modes above-mentioned, in any Bill that may be brought in, at,the Prayer of the said Trustees, for-executing the said Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as shall be judged fit, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of such Bill as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and varying and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of High Lane to

the Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of Lancaster, and for repairing the Road leading from Richmond, through Gillin and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Lously Crcjs, ancf from Giving, through Gilling "Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gather ley Moor, and for turning and diverting the said Road, from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, to and through the Town of Hawes, and up the Vale of Widdel, to Gearjlones, otherwise , and for

making, widening, and keeping in Repair, that Part of the said Road, and for discharging the Trustees from the Reparation of that Part of the said Road which extends from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, over the Mountain Camm, to Greenfide Gate, and from thence to Gearjlones, otherwise and also from the Reparation of that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brumpton Iligb Lane and the Town of Richmond aforesaid, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Holmeu|»n An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

the Wolds Open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, within the

passed.Ure 1 Township of Holme upon the IVolds, in the Parish of Holme upon the IVolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Ahd that the Title be. An Act; for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Holme upon the Wolds, in the Parish of Holme upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

petition for Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to widening the whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Temple*Bar and Commons, of the City of London, in Common and Snow Hill Council assembled, was referred j That the Commit-leponed. tee ]iat) examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been Vol.L.

complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Timothy Tyrell, Esquire, Remembrancer of the City

of London, being examined, said. That the Principal Avenue of Communication between the Cities of don and Westminsterby Temple Bar, and the other Ave-

nue between the City of London and the new Build-, ings towards the North and West by Snow Hill, are much too narrow for the increased Trade and Population of the Metropolis, and very incommodious and dangerous to Passengers — and that the widening and improving the said Passages, and making proper Communications therewith, would be a very great Advantage and Accommodation to the Public in general, and afford additional Security to the Lives and Property of His Majesty's Subjects.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in<a Bill for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of A

Money for those Purposes: And that Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis,

and Mr. Lushington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Bedford Iado* Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Closes, Com- ^J*'llcom* monable Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Waste m Grounds, within the several Parishes of Saint Paul,

Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert,in the Town of -ford, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitbread, Junior, Mr. Grey, &c. :.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, St Botoiph to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Over- Poor Petition seers of the Poor, and Parishioners, of the Parish of ^P01^* Saint Botoiph, Bishopsgate, in the Liberties of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House i and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To. prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Ma- jetty's Reign, for the more effectual assessing and collecting of the Rates for Relief of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Botoiph, Bijbcpfgate, in the Liberties of the City of London,was read. — And,

Mr. fames Lawson, Churchwarden of the said Parish, being examined, said, That the Powers of the said Act are inadequate for the Purposes thereby intended, and it is necessary that the same lbould be amended or wholly repealed. — -He further said. That on Account of the great Increase of the Poor, the present Workhouse is insufficient for their Accommodation, and it is proposed that a proper and sufficient Building should be erected whereby the Poor of the said Parish might be better maintained, employed and regulated.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Yearoftha Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual assessing and collecting of the

5 A " Rates

366

2 50 Martiu

J.'VJ9S-

Hackney Church Bill committed*

Much Marete Inclosure BiH committed.

*c Rates for the Relief of the Poor, in the Par ifh of " Saint Bojolph, Bifl:cpjgate,in the Liberties of the

" Cirv of London," for providing a Workhcufe for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and for the Employment, Maintenance, and Regulation, of the said Poor therein: And that Mr. Alderman Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Alderman Anderfoli, and Mr.

Lujhirgton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for amending an Act; passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down the Church and Tower " belonging to the Parish of Saint John, at,

in the County of Middlesex, and for building another " Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, " and for making an additional Cemetery or Church Yard," and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the said Church, and other Works, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Sir Watkin , &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Much

Marcle, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George

Cornewall, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meec this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Southampton *nd New Sa-rurr Canal Bill reported.

Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of New in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with thtf Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table, where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Bewdley

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom *c

BriJgePetition the Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of Bewdley, rrpotted. in the County of Worcejland of several Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants residing in Bewdley, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, was referred} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had not been complied with, the Necessity of the present Application not having occurred till occasioned by the late Floods, which happened in the Month of February last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follOweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, fen Aylesbury Roberts, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Carriage Bridge over the River Severn, near the Town of Bewdley, hath, from the Violence of a F lood, been so greatly damaged, as to be rendered impassable for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, and it is

necessary that the said Bridge should be taken down; and a new Bridge built: — And he further said, That there is no Carriage Bridge over the said River within Fourteen Miles of the said Town, and the Stream of the said River there, is frequently so rapid, that no Ferry can be used with Safety; and it is of great Consequence to the Public that a new Bridge should be built as soon as possible.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be. given of the present Application to Parliament, by Advercisement published Three Times in One of the Newspapers usually circulated in the County of Worcester, and by affixing the said Notice, for Seven Days, on the Door of the Town Hall of the said Borough of Bewdley.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr*

Lygon, and Mr. Jervoise, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill may be committed, do examine, in the first Place, how far the Order for giving the said Notices has been complied with, and dq report the same to the House on the Report of the said Bill.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Bill to com;* Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present cfiheBntiai Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Encouragement of the British Fisheries And the *" same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were ReportExpir. appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near ,n8L*, expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, «« An Act to " explain, amend, and extend'to other Tools and " Utensils, an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Exportation, to Foreign Parts, of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevenc the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the ic Seas," which was to be in Force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirry-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Two Years, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain " Species of British and Irijlo Linens exported, and ,f raking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign " Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax," which said Act was, by Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended

and

u

35 Geo. III. 250 A

and continued until the 24th Day of 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Four other Acts made in the Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1794, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring and fit to be continued,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discon- tinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon " the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease," which was to be in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts of the Tenth, Thirteenth, Sixteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty-second, Twenty-sixth, Tv/enty-ninth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the 25th Day of March 1794, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of h is late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, and which, by several Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Eighteenth, and Thirty-second Years t>f the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the Eleventh and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1794, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and *« Twenty-ninth Yeairs of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the " several Duties payable in upon Low Wines

and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Li-c quors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and 4‘ for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu " thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-ma.de Spirits from England to and from Scotland to England and to continue, for a " limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the " Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and " for the better Regulation of the making and vending British) Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a li- mited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies, *« and for amending the said Act, made in the Twenty- ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign," and such Parts of the said Acts of the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-eighth, and Twenty-ninth Years aforesaid, save and except the Duties imposed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid) as were continued by the said Act of the Thirtieth Year aforesaid, until the 5th Day of July 1791, and which, by Two Acts of the Thirty-first and Thirty-third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, were continued until the ift Day of December 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the

far Hi. 3 7

Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called , for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, and upon Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor, brewed or made as aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before-mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made as aforesaid, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Wash, brewed or made as aforesaid, from Foreign refused Wines or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which were continued by several Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Power granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to continue and carry on the Manufacture of, and to make, Spirits, commonly called Maidstone Geneva, until the 5th Day of July 1795, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First, Fourth, and Seventh Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were portioned.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in pui1-suant to the First, Fourth, and Seventh Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr and

Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is.referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the Second, Third, Fifth, and Sixth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Twentyfourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " respecting the better Regulation and Management *c of the Affairs of the Ea India Company," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining the said Act, l'o far as the same relates to incapacitating the Civil Servants of the India Company in India from holding certain Offices without certain Terms of actual Residence in India: And that Mr. Vanjtttart, Sir Francis Sykes, and Mr. -ington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

Towns,

Bill for explaining Act respecting the East India Company*# Servants, ordered.

Indemnity Bill ordered.

Ro0tpfS additional Duties Bill committed.

tea In ft i ranees Duties Bill committed.

Lift of MeTt-bers who have authorized Persons to frank Letters, ordered.

Datchet and Isle'.vorrb Canal Bill deferred*

Kind's Con-fenr to Thames and I (is Navigation Bill*

360 25 0 Martii.A. 1795.

Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admiftions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmic Dcscriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Mr.

and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved ', That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to H is Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Members of this House, who (in Conformity to a Clause in an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) have certified to the Post Masters General, under their Hands and Seals, that they are disabled from Bodily Infirmity from writing the Superscription of Letters or Packets, and have therefore authorized some Person to do it for them. ‘

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River 1Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of 'The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isle-jjorth, in the County of Middlesex;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon IVedncjday,the 15th Day of April next.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fif-tc teenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, " for improving and completing the Navigation of " the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City London " to the Town of Cricklade,in the County of - Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from " the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of " London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to " the said I'own of Cricklade;" and for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of

His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, new Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the

Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, which Bill was this Day read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fir.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. The Lord.

Spranger: have passed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bamford'i enable William Bamford, Esquire, and other Persons, L*afe‘Bl11-after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain Parts of his settled Estates, in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, reserving Rents; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Me- papers r«l*u morial and Statement of Mr. F Claims for Expences incurred by Preparations for the Secret Ex- be printed, prdition, 1780; and also, of the Report of the Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, relative to a Sum of £ 15>75°> Pa'd to Colonel William ,in Re-

payment of the Sumsdisbursed by him, in 1780, in raising a Corps of Twelve Hundred Men, and other Services relative to a Secret Expedition, as mentioned in the Account of the Army Extraordinaries, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Bill for rega* the Report from the Committee of the whole House,. lating the to whom the Bill for further regulating the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free deferred/ from the Duty of Postage, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to reioive itself into a Committee of the whole yjfays aaa House, to consider further of Ways and Means for e4n'* raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relolved itself into the said Committee. *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Refutations, which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart all'o acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning n xt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this Hoyfe will. Tomorrow Morn- More effectual ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of to consider of the more effectual Prevention of Smug- b/clfnlidered* gling in this Kingdom. ioaConinuitc*.

o Mr.

35 Geo. III.

2 50 — 2 6° .

*>69

Bill for explaining Act respetting the East India Company's Servants, prclented.

Debate on Motion for committing the Watford and 8t. Alban's Canal Bill, resumed.

Bill committed.

Supply

deterred.

Aylelbmy r.rul

Mai low, ^c* Ho-id Bill imported*

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the 7wenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an A&> made in the Twentyfourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, *' respecting the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company," so far as the same relates to incapacitating the Civil Servants of the East India Company in India from holding certain Offices without certain Terms of actual Residence in India: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To -morrow Morning.

The House, according to Order; refnmed the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon the 18th Day of this Instant March, That the Bill for m iking and extending a Navigable Cut from the Town of Wctford, in the County of Hertford, to the Town of Sa:nt Alban,in the same County, be committed.

And the Question being put. That the said Bill be committed.

The Hou'e divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 7W:

Tellers for the Noes, |

72.

} 38-

Mr. Powys,

Buxton.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committed to Mr. Praed, Mr.

Bak r, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The other Order of the Dav being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve its-lf into a Committee of the whole House, to confuier further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovts, 26° d Mart it;

Anno 350 Georgii III"' Regis, 1795. Prayers.

"I. /VR. Bernard reported from the Committee, to iVl whom the Bill for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the'Road from siylesbury, through Princes , to West

Wycombe, and from thence to Red Barn, in the Parish of Great Marlow, all in the County of Buckingham, and

also the Road from Princes Rijborough aforesaid to Thame, in the County of Oxford, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder-signed, being Trustees, and Proprietors of Bonds, on the Turnpike Road leading from Hatfield, in the County of Herts, through C'hepping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks, to - < ing, in the County of Berks, as well as the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants of Chepping Wycombe aforesaid; and also, the Petition of several Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, and Inhabitants of Thame, in the County of Oxford, and of Towerfey and Ring fey, in the County of Bucks, and of several of the Trustees for the Care and Management of the Turnpike Roads from /lylcjb, in the County of Vo l. L.

Buckingham, through Thame, to the Turnpike Road between Benjington and ^hillingf in the County of Oxford, and from the Turnpike Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road between and Tet/wortB,

in the said County, appointed under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty,fir(l Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and of the Creditors of the said Turnpike Roads respectively, for and on Behalf of themselves and other the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, and Inhabitants of and Kingsey, aforesaid, and the Trustees and Creditors of the Turnpike Roads aforesaid; and also, the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford,to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enflow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen , and from.

the Mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the said County; and also, the Petition of several of the Persons entitled to the Money lent and advanced, and now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected by certain Acts of Parliament, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth fend Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Stokenchurch Hill to Enflow Bridge, and the Road from Wheatley Bridge, through the City of Oxford,by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the County of Oxford, and also by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty for repairing and widening the Road from Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enflow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the City of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New -flock, in the said County, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Persons entitled to the said Money, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Mansion House, called Soddylt Hall, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of Roger Jennings, the Younger, Esquire, deceased, with the Appurtenances, in Trustees, in Fee Simple in Poffdlion, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, and for Sale thereof, and for applying the Money to aril'e from such Sale, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keep-

5 B " ing

Jenning.«Ertate Bill read.

Bury and Haf-lingdtn Ro^da Bill palfed.

37° i6° Martii. A. 1795.

ing in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling " House, in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to , and from

thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in " burn, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid " to the East End of Cockjhutt Bridge, in the Town " of Wballey, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church and to '

X( and for making a Road, from the said Road between Bury and Hajlingden, in the Township of Wal- merjley, to the River Irwell, and for building a tc Bridge over the said River, all in the County Pala-41 tine of Lancaster," as relates to the First District of Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, 5* turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Hajlingden, and from thence to the " East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also the " Road from Hajlingden aforesaid to the East End of

Cockjhutt Bridge, in the Town of Wballey, and also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church " and Bacup, to Todmorden, and for making a Road, <c from the said Road between Bury and Hajlingden, in the Town ship of Walmerjley, to the River Irwell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, all " in the County Palatine of Lancaster," as relates to the First District of Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, land desire their Concurrence.

the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Fish Curers and Fishermen in the Petition ;n Port of Saint Ives, was presented to the House, and favour of readj Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed Newlyn that a new Pier is about to be erected at Newlyn, in Mount's Bay, and that there is a Petition to that Purpose before the House; and if such Pier is built it will be of great Advantage to the Fishermen of Ives, who go round the Land's End to fish for Pilchards and Mackarej in that Bay, in the proper Seasons:

And therefore praying, for the Interest of Society, and the Fisheries in particular. That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to p, rigstock and Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Bill prefemed. Waste Grounds, in Brigstock and Stanion, in the County of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of Sud-borough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green, and also, for setting out and allotting Lands, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington Chafe, in the said County of Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aberdeen Harbour recommitted Bill reported.

Report on Norwood and Paddington Canal Bill further con* tidcred.

Mr. Allardyce reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Bill for grant,

the Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to the offor° pTitof

the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year Right honourable JciwEarl of his Heirs Rockingham

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *f An and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Forestpresent. f‘ Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty in and *

commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen, for erecting upon The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, in she " new Piers and Quays therein, and for regulating Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton,

Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out and also the Reversion of certain Offices, Rents, and of, the said Harbour," was re-committed; That other Hereditaments, in the said County of the Committee had made several other Amendments ton (to which the said Earl of Upper OJfory is entitled to the Bill, which they had directed him to re- for Three Lives, under a Grant from His present Ma-port to the House; and he read the Report in his jesty) upon a full and adequate Consideration to be Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the paid for the same: And the same was received; and

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the read the First Time.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, a Secpnd Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques.

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Mr. Charles Torke reported from the Committee, Petition for House. , to whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and *<'fi1"

j 9 Notices rc-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the humble Petition of the several other Persons, in- (jxfting av»-ingrossed. terested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, to and nation in the

from the Town of King's Lynn, in the County of ^porud. LU'* A Motion being made. That the Report, which, Norfolk, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners upon the x 8th Day of this Instant March, was made and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes or

from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Townships of Warboys,

Navigable Cut from The Grand Junction Canal, in the Ramsey with Higney, Pidiey and Bluntisham and

Precinct of Norwood, in the County of Middlesex, to Earith, Saint Ives, Houghton and Oldburst, Paddington,in the said County, was committed, and WocJbur with which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now Ravely, Standground, Farcctt, Yaxley, , taken into further Consideration; Denton, Glattcn, Holme, Saw troy All Saints,

And the House being informed. That printed Copies Saw trey Saint Judith and Saint Andrew, *

of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were Hadden, Waternewton, with

delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, and Fletton, in the County of upon Friday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of Fordham, Swaffham Prior with Reach, Swajsham Bul-

the House, of the 7th Day of May 1794; beck, Burwell with , I Vicki n, Barway, -

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into tisham, Qui, Dittrrn, I'/atcr beach, Landbeach,

further Consideration. Cottenham, Rampton, Over, and Swacey,

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said in the County of Cambridge-, Brandon, Wangford,

Report into further Consideration. Lakenheath, and in the County of Suffolk-,

And the Amendments made by the Committee to Wiggenhall Saint Mary, Saint

genhall.

35 Geo. III. 26° Martii. 37

genhall Saint Peter, Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen,granted to make immediate Application to the Owners' j

West Lynn, Clencbwarton, Terrington Saint Cletnent, Ter- and Occupiers of the Lands which will be cut through j

ring!on Saint John, Walpole Saint Peter, Walpole Saint by the Alteration to be made in the Width of the said Andrew, West Walton, Wal/oken, Emneth, Tilney All Cut for their Consent thereto; and that such Applica-

Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, Tilney cum JJlington, South tion shall be deemed to be as valid and effectUal as if the Lynn, North Run St on, Hardwick and Setchy, Wormegay, same hid been made previous to the-Application to Tottenbill, Watlington, Run El on Holme, Thorpland, Stow Parliament for the Bill now depending in the House. i

Bardolph, Wimbotsham, Downham Market, Roxham, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, i

Denver, Fordbam, Hilgay, Southery, Felt well Saint Mary,to whom the Bill for improving the Drainage of the

Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Hockwold, Wilton, Methwold, Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of Northwold, Oxburgh, Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Werebam, the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands West Derebam, Outwell, Upwell, and Welney, in the adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands County of Norfolk-, Elm, Outwell, Upwell, Welney, adjoining, or near to, the River 0«2f, in the County of Maney, Stuntney, Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary, Churcham iVor/o#, draining through the same to Sea, by the Har-

otherwise Chettisham,. Littleport, Stretbam, Thetford, bour of King in the said County, and for al-

Downbam, Coveney, Witcbford, IVitcbam, Wingford or tering and improving the Navigation of the said River

Wentworth, Wilburto\, Haddenbam, Mepal, Sutton, Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the

March, Doddington with Wimblington, Benwick, Chat-Parish of Saint Mary' % , in the said County,

teris, Whittlesea Saint Mary, Whittlesea Saint Andrew, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improv-

and Wisbech, within the Isle of Ely, and in certaining and preserving the Navigation of the several

Extra-parochial Places adjoining to, or lying near. Rivers communicating with the said River is

the aforesaid Parishes or Townships, or some or One committed. That they do examine, in the first Place;

of them, containing 300,000 Acres, and upwards, how far the Order for making Application to the said

which drain by the River Ouze, through the Harbour Owners and Occupiers has been complied with; and

of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was re- do report the same to the House, on the Report of

ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter the said Bill, together with a List of the Names of the

of the said Petition, and had directed him to report Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared them-

the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and selves neuter, in respect thereto.

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu- Petition ih William Creajy, Ehjuire, being examined, said. That fadturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of favour of a Bill is depending in this House for improving the mingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, Canal Bin. of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, sod read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a and the Low Lands adjoining; or near to, the said Navigable Cut from the Stratford Upon Avon Canal,

Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the in the Parish o into the and

River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining mingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood in the J

through the same to Sea, by: the Harbour of Kings County of Warwick: And praying. That the said Bill Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improv- may pass into a Law.

ing the Navigation of the said River Ouze,from, or Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

near to, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of

Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according sw;n;ngton

said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several inciofure Bill

preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers com- Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Presented*

municatir.g with the said River Ouze: And he pro- within the Manor and Township of Swillington, in the

duced to your Committee some Minutes of Proceed- West Riding of the County of And the fame

ings, and the Agreement between the Parties for set- was received; and read the First Time.

ding the Matters in Dispute. — Then, RgM;*/, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Watte, an Engineer, being examined, said, That in pursuance of the said Agreement it will The House was moved. That the last of the Refo- Resolution for be necessary to make an Alteration in the Width of lutions which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from {?u"

the Cut — That the Width thereof, including Banks, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rancwofShlp*,

Forelands, and Outring Ditches was originally pro- referred to consider further of Ways and Means for &c;read.

posed to be 657 Feet, and according to the Terms of raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was

the Agreement it will require the melne Width thereof then agreed to by the House, might be read, to be extended to 820 Feet — That the general Dircc- And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read tion of the Line is intended to be the same as first accordingly; and is as followeth; viz. proposed — and that the intended Alteration does not " Resolved, That for every Piece of Vellum or pass into Lands belonging to any other Persons than Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which those into whose Lands the Cut in its original Form " shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, any Infur-would have passed, and who had been duly applied ance upon any Ship or Ships, Goods, or Merchan-' to for their Consent — -And he thinks the proposed Al- <c dize, or uppn any other Property or Interest whereon teration in the Cut will be likely to be beneficial to " Insurances may lawfully be made, there shall be the Harbour of Lynn. — Then, " charged the Stamp Duties following upon the Sums

Mr. James Bellamy being examined, said. That a " insured; that is to say; where the Sum to be insured very considerable Part of the Lands proposed to be " shall amount to 100, a Stamp Duty of Two

" Shillings and Six Pence, and lb progressively for " every Sum of 100 insured; and where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to 100, a like " Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence; and " where the Sum to be insured shall exceed 100,

" or any progressive Sums of £. 100 each, by any " fradtional Part of £. too, a like Stamp Duty of

" Two

drained, to the Amount of more than 100,000 Acres is at present under Water, and that without the Relief which is proposed by the Cut, the same are likely to continue much longer under Water, to the great Injury of the Owners arid Occupiers thereof.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be

Instruction* relative to Insurances on Ships, Ccc. discharged; and another ordered.

Bill to amend London Militia Ad reported.

Committee on Sea Infm ances Duri-s Bill.

372 . 26° Martii. 1795

" Two Shillings and Six Pence for such fractional " Part of £. 100; which several Duties shall be payable " and paid by the Assured, in such Insurances respectively."

The House was also moved, That the Order, made , upon Tuesday 1 aft, That it be an Instruction to the

Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 24th Day of Febr lad, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the said Resolution, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for charging the said Duties on all Insurances upon any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or upon any other Property or Interest whereon Insurances may lawfully be made, except Insurances entered into for insuring Houses, Goods, and other Property, from Loss by Fire, whereon the Duty imposed by an Act, of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, shall have been duly paid, or any Insurance entered into for instiring any Events or Contingencies relative to a Life or Lives, whereon the Duty to be imposed by any Act to be passed in the present Session shall have been duly paid.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending so much of an Act, " passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the Forces " in the several Counties of this Kingdom," as relates " to the Militia of the City of; and for the

" better ordering the fame," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tl\e Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Commitcee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him t. > report, when the House will please to receive the Ii..ie.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers td an Institution called The Veterinary College, which was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they dcrexamine the-Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Sumner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ct An Act to explain and amend " certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Twentyfourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " respecting the better Regulation and Management " of the Affairs of the East India Company," so far as the same relates to incapacitating the Civil Servants of the East India Company in India from holding certain Offices without certain Terms of actual Reftdence in India, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it v/as read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the zealous and affectionate Support of His faithful Commons in the vigorous Prosecution of the War in which He is engaged, recommends it to this House to consider of making Provision towards enabling His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the present Year, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Fishermen and Adventurers in the Fisheries in the County o was referred,

might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the wj»le House, to consider of the said Report.

t Mr.

Petition of certain Subscribers to the Veterinary College referred to a Committee.

Bill for explaining Ad r»*fptdi»g the East India Company* Servants, committed.

King's Message for Vote of Credit.

Report on Petition respecting the Mackerel Fishery referred to a Committee of the whole House.

35 Geo. III. i6° Marl'd.

373

Report Way* Mr. Hobart,according to Order, reported from the aodMcau*. Committee of the whole Houfr, to whom it was referred toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afeerwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Lmtry, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thar, towards raiftngthe Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seven Hundred and Fifty-eight thousand Five hundred and Forty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence be raised, by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Fifty-five thousand Tickets, at Thirteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 27th Day of this Instant , make

a Deposit, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of One Pound Five Shillings and Ten Pence, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say: One Pound Ten Shillings on or before the 2id Day of May next; Two Pounds on or before the 31st Day of July next; Two Pounds on or before the 11th Day of September next; Two Pounds on or before the 3orh Day of next; Two Pounds

on or before the 4th Day of December next; Three Pounds on or before the 22d Day of ‘January 1796; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be oiftributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery; which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1795, anc^ at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors upon Demand, on, or at any Time after, the ill Day of July 1796, as soon as Certificates can be rhade our, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament: That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of Seven hundred and Fifty-eight thousand Five hundred and Forty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four1 Pence, at any Time on or before the 4th Day of December 1795, be flowed an Interest, by Way of Discounr, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per An, on the Sum so completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the fame, to the 22(1 Day of January 1796.

Charging cer- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lifeinl'uf °n Thacoipon every Sum of One Hundred Pounds, and aoctw" Ut* f° >n Proportion for any greater or leis Sum, that shall be insured by any Person or Persons on any Event or Contingency relative to a Life or Lives, there shall be charged the Sums following; that is to say: For the Year ftr which such Insurance shall be first granted the Sum cf Twenty Shillings, and for every Year for which such Insurance shall continue the Sum of Ten Shillings; which Duties shall respectively be paid by the Allured in such Insurances respectively.

An additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Duly on Con- Th u an additional Annual Duty of Thirty Shillings in the S fer Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Highlands of Still used for distillir.g Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, Scotland. in the Highlands of that Part of called

Scotland.

D® on D° ufid Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in Scotland. That an additional Annual Duty of Nine Pounds per Vol. L.

Gallon be charged upon the Contents of all Stills used for rectifying or compounding Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That ic is the Opinion of this Committee, Expiring That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the *‘aw*»

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain " Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and t( taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign " Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax;" which said Act was, by Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the 24th Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Four other Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued, until the 24th Day of June 1794, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comrriittee, D°-That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon " the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease," which was to be in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, of the Tenth, Thirteenth, Sixteenth,

Nineteenth, Twenty-second, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the 25th Day of March 1794, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D».

That an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and " Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time* the " several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines t( and Spirits, and upon Worts; Walh, and other Li-" quors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and " for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu *c thereof, and for better regulating the Exportation of British-rm.de Spirits from England to " land, and from Scotland to England, and to continue,

" for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenry-<c sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to " discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the " Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home " Consumption, and for granting and securing the " due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and " for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Outies upon Rum <e and Spirits imported from the U'ejl Indies, and for " amending the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign," and such Parts of the said Acts of the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-eighth, and Twenty-ninth Years aforesaid save and except the Duties imposed by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid) as were continued by the said Act of the Thirtieth Year aforesaid, until the 5th Day of July 1791, and which; by Two Acts of the Thirty-first and Thirty-Thij-d Years of His present Majesty's Reign, were continued until the lft Day of December 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; Making p«r. That the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the £er‘" Duti*1* Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- imposed by Act jesty, upon fermented Wort or Walb, brewed or made

5 C ia

Order for Bill irlative to Life Insurances dif.'haiged*

374 26 0 Martii. 1795

in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, and upon Cyder or Perry, or ether Wash or Liquor, brewed or made as aforesaid, from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before-mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made as aforesaid, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Wash, brewed or made as aforesaid, from Foreign refused Wines or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which were continued by several Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are near expiring, and tit to be made perpetual.

The First Refclution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Kefolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time,

And the Question being pur, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

It paired in the Negative.

Thesubsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question -severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, artd bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That:itbean Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, ^nd bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Seven first of the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Third and Fourth of the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the First, Fourth, and Seventh of the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the rest of che Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the One Hundred and Eleventh and One Hundred and Twelfth of the Resolutions, which, upon the 24th Day of February last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth

" Resolved, That the present Sramp Duties payable

" on Policies of Insurance, as far as the same relate to " Life or Sea Insurances, shall be repealed."

" Resolved, That upon every Sum paid, or con-

" traded to be paid, as a Premium for the Insurance " of any Sum or Sums, depending on any Event, or " Contingency relative to a Life or Lives, there shall " be charged a Sum equal to One-tenth Part of such " Premium."

Ordered, That so much of the Order, made upon the 24th Day of February last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which were that Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, as relates to Life Insurances, be discharged.

Notice being taken, That the Bill for making certain Additions to the Pay of Subaltern Officers, and also certain Annual Allowances to Surgeons, of the Militia, during Peace, and under certain Restrictions, contains Provisions not authorized by the Order for prf'paring and bringing in the fame;

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for reading the said Bill a Second Time upon Monday Morning next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for printing the said Bill, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by L,oans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties of Customs on the Importation of Fruit, Sallad Oil, Waste Silk, and Timber, and on the Exportation of British Rock Salt, and Coal; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising <r certain Number of Men, in the several " Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy:" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hun-7 dred

Bill for making Addition* to Miliria Officers, kc. Pay withdrawn; and another ordered.

Bill for making Allowances to Miii« tia Officers presented.

The Lords have agreed (

Bill for raising a Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills. '

Bill for granting additional Duties of Customs.

Bill for rendering moie effectual Act for railine Men for the Navy.

National Debt Bill.

Thf Lords have passed

Palmer'sEstate

Bill.

Committee on more effirttml Prevention of Smuggling.

Jnftrn&Ion to coninier A el for Relit. f of Cap to: 6 of Prizes,

Committee on Bill to enable Perry Officers and Stamen to ailot Part of their Pay,

Bill to amend JJb\vk»rs and

Pedbn Act, ordered.

35 Geo. III. 2 6° Martii.375

dred Thous.ind Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of to

be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Redu&jon of the National Debt} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for veil in" Part of the settled Estates of Richard Palmer, Esquire, in Sowing, in the county of,

in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses in the Will of his late Father Robert , Esquire, and for settling other Lands and E-Jereditaments in aforesaid, and TIurJl,in the said County, of greater Value in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfilf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, be now read.

And the Lid Order being read accordingly;

The Hcitf was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His prefer.t Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refutations, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the ^Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That an- Act, made in the Twenty* ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an " Act, made in the Twenty-fifth if ear of the Reign of, " His prefi-nt Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, " Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating " their Trade," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Mr.

and Mr. Charles Bong, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill to amend Reading of the Bill ro amend and render more effec- obfefvaUon'of tual an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the the Lord-sDay* Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, committed, intituled, "An Act for the better Obfi-rvation of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The Amendments following Were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now ;" and at the End of the Question to add the Words "upon this Day *f Three Months.";

And the Question being put. That the Word now " (land Part of the Question.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

f Mr. Edward James T Tellers for the Yeas, 'Eliot, I 25.

(Sir William:

!Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor,

Mr. Dent:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Conupkiee of the whole,

House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enabling the Magistrates in the several Bill for en-Councies in Great Britain to raise and levy, under certain Regulations, such able-bodied and idle Persons Men for the as shall be found within the said Counties, to l'erve in ^tstjjeom* His Majesty's Navy, was, according to Order, read " a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard rj^‘* 1 . Palmer, Esquire, in Sonning, in the County of Berks, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses in the Will of his late Father, Robert P, Esquire, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in Sonning aforesaid, and Hurst, in the said County, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Bill for regu-Yesterday, for receiving. Tomorrow Morning, the Pri‘

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Franking, whom the Bill for further regulating the Privilege of deferred. sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of far le-buiU-the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

s

376 i6° — 2 7° Mar Hi. 1795.

of Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn,

" near Redjione,in the County of and for

tf making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the " fame, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors tc of a Ferry across the said River at aforesaid," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees proceeded' to put the said Act in Execution, and several Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to £6,oio, have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money, together with the Tolls collected at the said Bridge, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and a convenient Bridge was accordingly erected across the said River at a Place called Stourport, near Redjione aforesaid, and proper Avenues and Roads made to and from the same, by Means whereof a safe and commodious Communication was formed between the great Market of -port and the several large Trading Towns and Places in the Counties of Worcester and Hereford, and the same was of essential Service to the Country in gehc-ral, and of great Public Utility; and that, from the sudden and uncommon Rife and Rapidity of the late Floods, Two of the Three Arches of the said Bridge are entirely fallen in, and the Third is expected to Ihare the same Fate, and, by this calamitous Accident, not only the Road over the said River is become im-paftable, but the Navigation of the River is greatly impeded by the Stones and Rubbish from the said Bridge lying therein; and that the Tolls arising from the said Bridge have not hitherto been sufficient to keep down the Interest of the Monies so borrowed on the Credit thereof, and defray the necessary Expences of the Trust, and not only the said principal Sum of £. 6,010, but a considerable Arrear of Interest thereon now remains due on Mortgage of the said Tolls j and that it is of the utmost Consequence to the Trade and Commerce of the Country, as well as to the Navigation of the said River, that the said Bridge should be speedily re-built, and the River cleared of the Rubbish, but the same Cannot be effected unless the said Act is amended, and Power given to raise such further Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Purposes above-mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. l«ive given. Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular

Circ.umstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Truf-toes.

Red (ton* Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose

Bridge Peti- Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for "jn' putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, (< An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn, near Redjione, in the County of Worcester, " and for making proper Avenues and Roads to and " from the same, and for making Satisfaction to the " Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River, at Red- fione aforesaid," was presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And'praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thac the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Edward

Foley, See.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Powtr to fend for PerCms, Papers, and Records.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Bill for regie. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the terri?g whole House, upon the Bill for requiring all Boats, Navigation*" Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, deferred, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrafted) for grant- HairPowdei ing to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder, be read the Third Time upon deferred'. Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Verier is, 270 die Martii;

Anno 35® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for making a Navigable Cut Norwood ad from The Grand Junblion Canal, in the Precinct canal'lfiT of Norwood, in the County of Middlesex, to Pad- passed. dington, in the said County* was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 1

be, An Act for making a Navigable Cut from The Grand Junction Canal,in the Precinct of Norwood, in

the County of Middlesex,to Paddington, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Earl Gower Sutherland presented to the House, Bill for apply, according to Order, a Bill for applying certain Sums of Money raised in the County of Stafford by virtue Money pre-of several Acts of Parliament made rd'pefting the Militia of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to pact,ury whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and inelofui* Bill Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Com- r<l,orleJ* monable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Padbury, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Three Acres of Land, who refused his Consent to the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be inclosed amounts to 1,700 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

35 Geo. III. 270 Martii. 377

A iiroivi and Mr. William Mc Dew all reported from the Com-

Ro»iu!BiiI&C* to whom the Bill to continue, extend, and

r*t>orted. enlarge, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirry-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and , by , to

Baillieston, in the County of and certain Bran-

ches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Oqe by One; and, upon the Qyeftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

AbbottsBrom- Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, ac-cor','r>g to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbotts other-

wile Pagets Bromley, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcjclved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

petition for A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Leave to|.rr- thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants and Occupiers of

lent a rttition , r . _ *

lor rc-tnniding Estates in the several Parishes of Rilling, Little Hough-in^nbair2'* ton' Wellingborough, Irchester, Higham Ferrers,

tonthiie!airP* borough, JJlip, Tbrapston, Pilton, Lilford, Barnwell Saint Andrew, and Oundle, and Hamlet of Ashton, in the County of Northampton, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants and Occupiers of Estates in the said Parishes and Hamlet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that an Order was made, early in the present Session, for limiting the Time for receiving Petitions for Private Bills to the 6th Day of February last; and that, since the Time limited for presenting such Petitions, by the sudden Melting of the Snow which had fallen in the said County, a very great Flood arose on the 10th and nth Days of February last, much beyond what has been known in the Memory of Man, and, by the great Inundation of Water which came down the River accompanied with immense Bodies of Ice, the Bridges over the said River at Billing, Wellingborough, Higham Ferrers, Tbrapston, Lilford, and Oundle, are greatly damaged, several of the main Arches being wholly destroyed, and others of them so Ihattered that they mull be taken down and re-built; and that the Preservation of the Communication between the different Parts of the Country by Means of the said Bridges, is not merely a Matter of local Convenience and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, but is also of essential Public Utility, and neither of the said Bridges were repaired by, or at the Expence of, the said County; and that the re-building and repairing the said Bridges will be attended with a very great and heavy Expence, which the Petitioners (many of whom are Tenants at Rack Rent) are unable to bear, and the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That they may have Leave to present a Petition in the present Session, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the said Petitioners such Relief and Assistance as the House shall think fit, noewith-Vol. L.

standing the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills is expired.

Ordered, Thar, in Consideration of the particular Leave given. Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said several Persons.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Northampton-are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants and Occupiers ®lir.e, Bndse* of Estates in the several Parishes of Billing, Little. et, UOB* Houghton, Wellingborough, Irchester, Higham lrthlingborough, IJlip,‘Tbrapston, Pilton, Lilford, Barnwell Saint Andrew, and Oundle, and Hamlet of Ashtcn, in the County of Northampton, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants and Occupiers of Estates in the said Parishes and Hamlet, was presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition.: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief and Assistance as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Powys, Mr. Dickins, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more eflfcftual, an Act, made and passed in the Thirty- fn^&cf^iil first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- p«fled. tuled, " An Act for paving, lighting, watching,

" cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of " Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places com-t( municating with, or near to, the said Square, and for " preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made and palfed in the Thirty-first.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

*c An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing,

" watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury " Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County <c of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury,

"and certain other Streets and Places communicating " with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within " the fame."

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order for the 4th Day of this Instant March, That Leave be christ'.^tof fgiven to bring in a Bill for enabling the Mayor and tal Bill dif-P " Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London,

Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods ordered.

of the Hospitals of Edward King of England, the " Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the " Apojlle, and other the Governors of Chriffs

" to purchase Houses and Ground for the Purpose of " enlarging Christ'sHospital in London, and at Hertford,

" and erecting additional Buildings thereto, and for " widening and improving feme of the Lanes and " Avenues leading to Chriffs Hospital, London, and " for Ihutting up certain Foot Paths or Ways through " the Courts, Yards, and Places belonging thereto,

" and for other Purposes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fqr enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of

5 D the

Bill for amend* ingr the Trent ami Mersey Canal Act, Szc. &e. pre« lented.

Epworth, Haxey, See, Inclosure and Drainage Bill piefented«

Wallingford Paving, See. Bill presented.

Gainfburgh inclosure and Draimge, &c, Bill presented#

ChrilP* Hof» pita) Bill p re-ienred.

Bewdlty Budge Bill presented*

2 70 Marl it. A. 1795.

the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of ChBridewell, and Saint \Thomas the Apojlle, and other the Governors of Hospital, to purchase Houses and Ground for enlarging Christ's Hospitals in London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional Buildings thereto, and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Alderman and Mr.

Alderman Harley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Granville Leveson Gower presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making a Navigable Communication between the Trent and Mersey Canal and the Burton Canal at Shohnall, in the County of Stafford; and for amending the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the several Parishes of Epworth,

Belton, anu Owfton, in the Isle of in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands, within the said Parish.es: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Francis Sykes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fyner, Junior, presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Gainsburgh, in the Parish of Gainshurgh, in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising within the said Township, and within the Lordship of , in the said

Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Sea insurance* the Report from the Committee of the whole House, DutiesBin to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain "* Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Mottling hext.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, according ExpiringL*w» to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Lapworth «nd Reading of the Bill for making a Navigable Cut from clnaf'Bini the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lap- committed. worth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick-,

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed. That the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 18th and 24th Days of this Instant March, praying to be heard by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, declined being heard, by their ‘ Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Jervoise, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, according Biiltoame«d to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the p/dT^Aa* Twenty*ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- presented. jesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Tbctnas the Apojlle, and other the Governors of Christ's Hospital, to purchase Houses and Ground for enlarging Hospitals in

London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional Buildings thereto; and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at Bewdley,in the County of Wcrcester, and for

opening convenient Avenues thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Reportonmore Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of the more effectual Prevention of smuggling, Smuggling in this Kingdom; and who were instrufted &c-to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, of An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with " respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize " Goods in this Kingdom," the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House which he read in his Places and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for making more effectual an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, as relates to the Built of Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, Wherries, and Yawls, therein described, be extended

35 Geo. III. 270 Martii.

379

tended to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, Wherries, and Yawls, of any Built whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners of Excise at Edinburgh be authorized to reward Officers of Excise, making Seizures of Boats and Vessels liable to be broken up ascer Condemnation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That the Security required to be given by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing " and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom," that Prize Goods exported should not be re-landed in Great Britain, or in the Islands of

or Man, or the Islands of Faro, or Ferro, be extended

to the Island of /llderney.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Ro/e, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill to continue Act for Encouragement of the British Flftieriet committed.

A Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries," wis read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confi-

tional Encoil- . . '

jagcinent to der of giving additional Encouragement to the Her-rub*1'1* r'n8 Fishery, carried on in such Boats or Vessels as arc y* not entitled to the Tonnage Bounty.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Ordei1 of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Report of Pe-to consider of the Report which was made from the "ngth'/M^lk-Committee, to whom the Petition of the Fishermen and erel Fishery. Adventurers in the Fisheries, in the County of -wall, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee,

That they had come tofeveral Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain, called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Thatthe' Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Militia Pay Bill committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additionalDime, ditional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and ®iU*

Paper; and for repealing a certain Exception as far as relates to Bonds given as Security for the Payment of One hundred Pounds, or under, contained in an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the' Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the , whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tionaiPDut1e»* upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain ad- Bill, ditional Duties on Receipts, be now read.

And the said Cyder being read accordingly;

.The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr* Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman Roy*l Assent

Ulher of the Black Rod; toBi,u-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

Commission,

380 270 Ma

Commission, for declaring His Royal A (Tent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the De-fire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Billstherein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and the Duke of Portland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service Of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five: An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five:

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt:

An Act for granting certain Duties of Customs on the Importation of Fruit, Sallad Oil, Waste Silk, and Timber, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt,

and Coal:

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a certain Number of Men, in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Ma- jetty's Navy' An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Mump's Brook, within Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Ripponden, in the West Riding of the County of York, and a Branch therefrom at or near Denjhaw, to or near to Brownbill, and

another Branch therefrom, at or near Grains, to Delph, all within Saddleworth, in the said Riding:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Uorjeley Upright Gate, leading from Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the Parish of Box, in the said County, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Candover to BasingjlokeIn the County of Southampton, and from thence to Alton, in the said County:

An Act for Sale of an Estate in the City of Hereford, given by William Brydges, Esquire. for certain Charitable Purposes, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale to the like Purposes:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waite, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Precincts of Westcott Barton, and within the Liberty and Precincts of Middle Barton, in the Parish of Steeple in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Burnham, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of JVigginton, in the County of Oxford:

'An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor of Banwell, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East Lexbam and Great Dunham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Great Cat-worth, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, of Wornditch, in the Parish of Kinibolton, in the County of Huntingdon.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and extend the Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for rendering the Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Yuefday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland,

and from Scotland to England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfcd.

a Mr.

Scorch small Debts Bill presented.

Bill for raising Men in Scotland for the Na*y,dcferrc<f.

Scotch Distillery additional Duties Bill presented.

Bill to enable Petty Officers and Seamen :o allot Part of their Pay. repotted.

Bill for amend* ing several Laws relative to the Customi presented.

Bill for repair. ingt See the Footways of Kxnfington High Street, committed.

Wan and Meant deftr-ied»

Almond and

BailJiclton, (Sec. Roads Bill passed*

Aberdeen

Harbour Bill passed*

35 GEt>. Hi. 270 — 30° 381

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, Wherries, Smacks, or Yawls, of any Built whatever j fot amending an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majestv, more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending f< veral Laws, relative to the Revenue of Customs; and for amending an Act, n.ade in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Captors " of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this KingdomAnd the same was received; and ^ead the Hrft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for keeping in Repair the Footways in the High Street of the Town of in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting and watching the said

Street, and also certain Courts and Alievs communicating the rewith, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Byng, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committ-'e of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 30° die Martii;

Anno 35° Georgii III'* Regis, 1795. Prayers.

AN ingrolfcd Bill to continue, extend, and enlarge, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road; and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, extend, and enlarge, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond', on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road; and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. William McDowall do carry the Rill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thir-Vol. L.

teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening, cleansing, and mak-c< ing more commodious, the Harbour of,

for erecting new Piers and Quays therein, and for regulating Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of the said Harbour," was read the Third. Time. , „

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act, to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more " comm > lious, the Harbour of Aberdeen, for erecting " new Piers and Quays therein, and for regulating Ships and VesscL trading into; and going out of,

" the said Harbour." .

Ordered, That Mr. Allardyce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation, under their

Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read Taking Norice of the Bill for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal,

in the Manor of Kingjwood, in the County of Warwick; and Setting forth. That an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Canal Navigation (being the Warwick and Birmingham Canal above-mentioned) from, or nearly from, a Place called TheSaltisford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, into, or near to, the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at, or near to, a certain Navigable Canal in, or near to, the Town of Birmingham, called The Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, and the Petitioners, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities given to them by the said Act, have caused to be cut, and nearly compleated, a considerable Part of the said Warwick and Birmingham Canal between the said Town of Birmingham and the Parish of and in doing

thereof have expended the Sum of ft. 52,000, and upwards; and that another Act passed in the lall Seffton of Parliament, for making a Canal Navigation from the Warwick and Birmingham Canal above-mentioned, to join and communicate with the Oxford Canal at Braunston, in the County of , and

by Means of these Canals, and The Grand Junction Canal, and the River Thames, a short and eligible Line of Inland Navigation will be opened between the Town of Birmingham and the City of London, as well as between the intermediate Towns and Country; and that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, as it now (lands, the Petitioners apprehend it will be a Means of diverting a considerable Part of the Trade of that Part of their said Canal which lies between Digbeth aforesaid, in the said Town of Birmingham, and the said Parish of Rowington, which is Fourteen Miles in Length, or thereabouts, and very greatly diminifti the Profits which would arise to the Petitioners from the Tonnage of that Part of their said Canal, and consequently be injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, and Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Interests, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now (lands; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, and Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

5 E The

Petition from the Warwick and Biriping-ham Navio*^ v tion Company against Lap-worth and Kingswood Canal Bill*

Conn ft 1 ordered on Mr. Fitzthoma*'* Petition against Lapworth and Kingswood Canal Bill.

Palmer* Ktta»e Bill committed.

381

30

Martii.

A.

17 95-

Padbury Inclomrc Bill pa /fed*

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Reverend William Wind]or , Proprietor of

certain Shares of the Upper Part of the Navigation of the River Avon, which was presented to the House upon Yuefday last, might be again read.

: And the same being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed} and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at

his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, pafl*ed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Kighley to Wakefield, and Halifax, and from Dudley Hil, to , and the South West Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, and more effectually to repair the Roads from Leeds to Halifax and Bowling Lane, and for building a Bridge over the River Wbarjfe, at in the West Riding of the County of York; and also, an Act, passed in the

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

jesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, were read: — And, Mr. Rowland Watson, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, so far as relate to the District or Division of the said Roads from Kighley to , and have

borrowed donsiderable Sums of Money upon the Manor and Parish of Padbury, in the County of Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be Buckingham, was read the Third Time. paid off, nor the Roads within the said District be

The Amendments following were severally proposed sufficiently amended and kept in Repair, unless the to be made to the Bill j viz. ~

Pr. 5. 1. 6. To leave out from "be" to " the,"

in 1.7. and insert " annexed " to that Part of" instead thereof.

1. 8. To leave out from "be" to "And,"

in 1. 10. and insert deposited " with the Clerk of the Peace

Term of the said Acts be further continued. — And he added. That it would be necessary to have an Increase of Toll, and that several other Alterations and Amendments are necessary and expedient to be made in the said Acts, with respect to the said District.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament,

" for the said County of Buck- passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King

Pr. 7. 1. 16.

George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Kighley to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and several other Roads therein respectively described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Kighley to Halifax aforesaid: And that Mr. Wilber force and Mr, Dun-

inghamf instead thereof.

To leave out from " to" to " mentioned" in 1. 17. and insert the said Award in " Manner hereinbefore," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; combe do prepare, and bring in, the fame, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Swilimgton Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other the Manor and Township of in the West,

Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Duncombe,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Padbury, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Palmer, Esquire, in Sonning, in the County of Berks, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses in the Will of his late Father Robert Palmer, Esquire, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in Sonning aforesaid, and Hurst,in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, w;ntringW» to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pasture Land in the Parish of Wtnlringham, in the County of Lincoln, called The Cow Pasture, comprizing or including certain Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of Wintringham, called The,

Rotten Sykes, Low Groves, and Western Greens, and

Kighley and Halifax Road Petition re* ported.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, other Land or Ground lying between the same Pasture

and the River Humber, and for dividing and apportioning certain other Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the same Parish, called Ybe and Hall Closes, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the' Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclo-

Tvlr. Wilbrabam, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose

Names are th'ereunto subscribed, being Trustees for sure, had been complied with; and that the Committee repairing the Road from Kighley to Halifax, in the had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the County of York, and Creditors upon the Tolls arising fametobetrue; andthatthe Partiesconcerned had given upon the said Road respectively, was referred; That their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-the Committee had examined, and found that the mittee; (except the Proprietor of 2 Rights of Common Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike upon the said Cow Pasture; and also, except the Pro- Bills, had been complied with; and that the Com- prictorof about Acres in the said Composition Closes, mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and of about 9 Acres in the said Hall Closes; and that and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared the whole Property, to be inclosed, confiits of 83 Com-to them, to the House; and he read the Report in mon Rights, 130 Acres of Composition Closes, and 87

9 Acres

Bill for gnnt. ing to Lord Olfory Part of Rockinpham Forest committed*

Day appointed for Second Beading of Brigftcck and Stanton, See. Uc. Inefolure BUi.

Duke of Bedford's Petition for additional Provilinn to Bedford and Aoipthill, See. Koadi.

35 Geo. III. 30° Ma383

Acres of Hall Cleft'S; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to the Right honourable John Earl of Upper his Heirs, and

Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Intefeft, remaining in His Majesty in and upon The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, in the Forest of

Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and also the Reversion of certain Offices, Rents, and other Hereditaments, in the said County of Northampton (to which the said Earl of Upper OJfory is entitled for Three Lives, under a Grant from His present Majesty) upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid fJr the fame, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Sevennight, the 8th Day of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Brigjlock and nion, in the County of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of Sudborough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green, and also, for setting out and allotting Lands, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Gedd Chafe, in the said County of Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 8th Day of

April next.

A Petition cf' the most Noble Francis Duke of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stall Gate Cloje, at the South Well End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of Amp thill, and from the said Town of Ampthili to Woburn Park, in the County of Bedford, and also the Road branching out of the same in Kempfon ,to the Turnpike Road leading from Hit chin to the said Town of Bedford, and for making Provision in the.

said Bill fur amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Turnpike Road at the Village of over Huf-

born Crawley Heath, to the Town of and for

repealing so much of the said Act as relates to the Road leading from the said V illage of Ridgmont to Woburn Park Gate, and for discontinuing the Road leading from thence, through the said Park, to Woburn aforesaid; and that it would be a great Convenience to the Petitioner, and all other Persons residing in the Neighbourhood, if, instead of repairing and amending the said Road from Ridgmont to the Town of Woburn aforesaid, Provision was made in the said Bill for making and maintaining a Road branching out of

the said present Turnpike Road at, or near, Lidlington Toll Gate, to the Village of Crawley, and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the Road leading from thence to the said Town of Woburn; and the said new Road will pass, for a very considerable Part thereof, over the Lands of the Petitioner, and the said Road from Crawley to Woburn has already been repaired and made good by the Petitioner at a very considerable Expence; And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making and maintaining the said new Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jervoise, Lord William Rujfell, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, and others, of the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves, and the Public in general, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill more effectually to prevent the stealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are deeply affected at the very alarming and growing Evil of robbing the several Church Yards, Burying Grounds, and other Places of Interment, within this Kingdom, and the existing Laws do not (as the Petitioners have been advised) justify a Magistrate in committing Persons, charged with the said Offence, until an Indictment has been found against them, and that after such Indictment has been found, such Laws have not been adequate to the Prevention of the Evil; that the above Practice has become so frequent as to diffuse a general Uneasiness, especially in the Breasts of the middling and lower Orders of the Community, whose Feelings cannot by any Argument be reconciled to it, and, in particular, the great Number of Bodies, itolen from the Burying Ground belonging to the Petitioners, caused a great Assemblage of People there, who were so much enraged, and shewed such Signs of Desperation, that the Churchwardens, and others, who assisted to restore and preserve the Peace, found themselves necessitated, in order to prevent a general Riot, to institute an immediate Enquiry, and offer a large Reward for the Discovery of the Depredators, and to promise their utmost Endeavours to obtain a Parliamentary Remedy against the Practice in future; and it is apprehended that, if a similar Discovery should again be made, not only the like Scene of Distress will be renewed, but the Public Peace be endangered: And therefore praying the House, in order more effectually to deter Persons from committing such Offences in future, to take the same into their most serious Consideration, and permit the Bill to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Nicolay, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Coffee and Cocoa for Five Years, to as late a Period as the same can be made out: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of British Plantation Rum, imported into, and exported from, Scotland, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1794, with tho Amoun^ of the Duties received: And also.

An

Petition ?n fa«. your of Bill to prevent the itealing of dc^d Bodies,

Account*

presented*

Duties on Cof* fee and Cocoa*

Rum imported and exported*

Dut»*a on fepiuu.

Account* of N°of VessH* th.it have arrived fr*»rn Greenland md th - bouthcrn Fishery, prc-feoted.

Report Refo-lir«o t r ao addition il Bom t> on Herrings,

384 30 0 Martiu . 1795;

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Foreign and British Spirits impnfcd in 1791, for Three Years, ended the 5th Day < f July 1794.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of t e said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Inspector General of the Imports ana Exports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in } and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, that have arrived in the several Porrs of Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1789, from Greenland and the Southern

Fishery, together wirh the Quantity and Value of the While Oil and.Whalebone imported therein, and the Amount of Bounties or Premiums claimed and paid by the respective Fisheries during that Year: And also,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, that have arrived in the several Ports of (Great Britain, between the 5 th of January 1789 and the 5th of Jan 1795; from Greenland and the Southern Fishery, together with the Quantity and Value of the Whale Oil and Whalebone imported therein, and the Amount of Bounties or Premiums claimed and paid by the respective Fisheries during that Time; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved among!!: the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the General Post Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Members, who, in consequence of Bodily Infirmity, have appointed some other Person to frank their Letters.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

And the said Lift was also read.

The said Lift is as followeth;

A LIST of the Members, who, in consequence of Bodily Infirmity, have appointed some other Person

to frank their Letters.

Names. Persons authorized. Date.

Sir Benj* — John Hammet — — >793

R. J. Esquire — - Mrs. Bempde — — >795

Charles Coltfon,

Inspector of Franks.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hobart,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of giving additional Encouragement to the Herring Fishery, carried on in such Boats or Vessels as are not entitled to the Tonnage Bounty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, for all Herrings which shall be landed from any Boat or Vessel not entitled to the Bounty of Twenty Shillings per Ton, and which shall afterwards be properly salted and cured, there shall be paid an additional Bounty of One Shilling p Barrel.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the British

Fisheries," is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Fishermen and Adventurers in the Fisheries, in the County of Cornwall, was referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on Salt used for curing Mackarel for Home Consumption do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on Salt used for curing, for Home Consumption, Cod, Ling, Hake, and Salmon, taken in the Mackarel Fishery, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One Shilling be allowed for every Barrel of Thirty-two Gallons of Mackarel landed m from

Lift of Menu bert who have appointed Persons to frank Letter*, presented.

Report Resolutions respecting the Mackarel Fishery.

Report Supply.

Vote of Credit.

V ' ' md

Hair Powder Certificates Duty Bill pa lit <1.

55 Geo. III. 30° Martii, 385

from any Boat, and cured for Home Consumption or for Exportation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Bounty of Two Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed for every Barrel, of Thirty-two Gallons, of Mackarel cured and exported to any Part beyond the Seas, except to any of the Ports in the Mediterranean.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir William , Mr. and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1795, an£l to take all such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 1

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting Diflcnting Mi-nifters, not possessed of a certain Income, from Payment of the Duty.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

You L.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3. 1. 34. To leave out " Mailer and"

Pr. 4. 1. 18. To leave out from the beginning of the Line to the End of Line 21.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf9: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill to prot«a more effectually to protect Merchants, Bankers, and ^c*

others from the Depredations of their Clerks, Appren- dat!on» of their tices, and Servants: And that Mr. Alderman Ander/on, cie/k*, order- Mr. T,hellu/fon, and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, e and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, pasted in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, " commonly called Sunday," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-pored, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 13th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Seven*

night, the 13th Day of April next," and inserting the Words " this Day Six Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words Mon-' day Sevennighr, the 13th Day of April next" stand Part of the Question.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.

5Mr. Michael Angelol Tiay lor.

General Tiarleton,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 13th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

44.

37.

Bill to amend Act for better OMervation of the Lard'sDayi

deferred*

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lord* Walker: have agreed t*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Haydon Act for taking down the Chapel of the Chapelry of Chapel BU1 % Haydon, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of thumberland, and for building a new Chapel, in a convenient Situation, within the said Chapelry j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed ro the Bill, intituled, An Pennygored Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals Jij£Worlt* used in carrying on The Pennygored Works, in the 1 County of Pembroke} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Montrof*

Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Two-Penny several Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of ScoM 1 his Majesty King George the First, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth

5 F Year

3 86

3o° Martii. A. 1795.

Darlington and West Auckland Road Bill.

Hompefch't and Boimens Nat. Bill.

The Lords have parted

Bishopof Ely*l Estate Bill.

Sir Francia Ballet's Estate Bill.

Sir Thomas Ky Sin's Estate Bill.

Sir Ben j. Ham* met ordered to attend.

Accounts relating to the East India

Co'njnny,

ordered.

Year of the Reign of His prese'nt Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scotor One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of , and Pri-

vileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, for repairing the High Roads from Darlington to West Auckland, in the County of Durham, and several other Roads in the same County, therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacqueline Charlotte Comtesse de Hompejcb and James Charles Philip Bouwens; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant certain Estates in the Isle of Ely, now holden under Three Leases in several smaller Parcels by separate Leases; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging the Barton of P and Lands at and near Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Part of the settled Lftates of Sir Francis Bajfet, of Park, in

the County of Cornwall, Baronet, from the several Uses, -Estates, and Trusts to which the same now stand limited, and for settling a Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concur* rence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates late of Sir Thomas Kyffin, Knight, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay and discharge his Mortgage and Specialty Debts, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Notice being taken, That the Name of Sir Benjamin Hammet, a Member of this House, appeared in the Lift, which was this Day presented to the House, of the Members, who, in consequence of Bodily Infirmity, have appointed some other Person to frank their Letters;

Ordered, That Sir Benjamin Hammet do attend this House, in his Place, upon Friday Sevennight, the 10th Day of April next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Accounts of the Revenues, Charges, and other Statements, relative to the Affairs of the East India Company, as directed in the Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, " under certain Limitations; for establishing further *( Regulations for the Government of the said Terri- tories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; " and for making Provision for the good Order and " Government of the Towns of Calcutta, and

Bombay."

Bii) to amend London Militia Act passed.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his " late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,

An Act for ordering the Forces in the several " Counties of this Kingdom," as relates to the Militia " of the City of London; and for the better ordering €t the fame," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding at the End thereof, these Words,

Provided always, That His Majesty's Lieutenants " that are or shall be commissioned for the Militia of " the City of London, may and shall continue to lift " and levy the Trained Bands and Auxiliaries of the tc said City, as to Number and Quality of Persons,

whenever required by a Majority of the Magistrates " of the said City so to do, in such Manner as has been «« heretofore used in forming the fame; and that the said Trained Bands and Auxiliaries shall continue to <c be entitled to, and to enjoy all the Rights, Liberties,

" and Privileges to which they have heretofore been " entitled, under the Charters, Rights, and Usages of (t the said City."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending so much " of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth c‘ Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles " the Second, intituled, "An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom," as * relates to the Militia of the City of London; and for «« the better ordering the fame."

Ordered, That Sir Watkin Lewes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Biiitoprewnt prevent unnecessary Delay in the Execution of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament wHttforScot. for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And land,ordered, that Mr. William Dundas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, gc^"g

upon the Bill for raising a certain Number of Men land for the in the several Counties, Stewarties, Royal Burghs, Na,y* and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several ' Amendments thereunto, 'which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House,- according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling the Magistrates in the several Counties in *rates8to Great Britain to raise and levy, under certain Regula- Men ‘"‘he tions, such able-bodied and idle Persons as shall be *"*vy* found within the said Counties, to serve in His Majesty's Navy.

q Mr.

Sill for reglf teiing Vessels used on Inland Navgirion*, dcfctred.

Sea Tnfnrance* Duties Bill

deterred*

"Expiring law* Bill commit* led.

(Cuiloms.)

Sip|»!y

deferred.

Vellum,

Parthujenf,

tee. additional Duties BilL rcporlcd.,;

35 Geo. III. 30° Martii. 387

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Orde, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr, Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. ingossed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That upon Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

they had gone through the Bill, and made several then ingrossed.

Amendments thereunto} which they bad directed him

to report, when the House will please to receive the The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Receipt* addi-fame. Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Bu"defcrr«£

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Morning. additional Duties on Receipts, was committed;

OrdeThat the said Report be received upon The Order of the Day being read, for the House Friday Sevennight, the 10th Day of April next, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, and A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties Scotch DistH-other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navi- on Distilleries in and on the Exportation of buT11*1

gable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and committed, Britain, to be registered; from Scotland to England, was, according to Order,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven- read a Second Time, night, the 10th Day of April next, resolve itself into Resolved, That the Bill be committed, the said Committee j Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com-

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed, mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Report from the Committee of the whole House, to House, upon the said Bill, whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain

Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, was committed. Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to ExpiringLawa

Ordered, That the said Report be received To- Order, a Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in morrow Morning. the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- 1 *

jesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon . granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Dif.

Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on tillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Brimade Spirits from to and of Flax j and to the discontinuing the Duties payable from Scotland to; to continue so much of an

on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Act, made'in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Grease; and for making perpetual an Act, made in His present Majesty, as permits Sir William,

the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manu- Majesty, to prohibit the Exportation of Tools and fasture of Maidstone; and to make perpetual

Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufac- the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty, tures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufac- upon Worts, Wafti, and other Liquors, for extracting . tures to go into Parts beyond the Seas, was, according Spirits for Home Consumption: And the same was to Order, read a Second Time. received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. Mr. presented to the House, according to Or- Lottery Bill

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Presented* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholo of Money to be raised by a Lottery: And the same House, upon the said Bill. was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to indemnity Bill

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omit- presented.

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committed to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ-

tec. ments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or

others, who have omitted to registeror deliver in their

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corpo-Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and for re- rations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have pealing a certain Exception as far as relates to Bonds been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, given as Security for the Payment of One Hundred having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and Pounds, or under, contained in an Act of the Twenty- for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, was commit- stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as

ted, the Amendments which the Committee had made have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Exe-to the Bill, and which they had directed him to cution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and So-report to the Ploufe; and he read the Report in licitors j and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the the same was received; and read the First Time.

House. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The

I>il! for amending ftviral Laws relative to the Customs deferred.

Basingstone

ind Winchef-ter Roads Bill prefen ted.

Cln ift's Hof-ptul Bill committed*

Bill for apply# ing St»tfoi shire Militia Money cotn-mitud.

388 30°- — 31° Martii. 1795.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, Wherries, Smacks, or Yawls, of any Built whatever; for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs; and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Captors " of Prizes, with Respect to the bringing and landing " certain Prize Goods in this Kingdomwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 31° die Martii;

Anno 35* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

SI R William Heathcote presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign Of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from , near the

Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of , in the County of Surrey,through Frimley and Fantbam, in the same County, and from thence through Holly born, Alton, Chawton, R Sutton, New

Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of well, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and other the Governors of Christ's Hospital, to purchase Houses and Ground for enlarging Christ's Hospitals in London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional Buildings thereto, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr Baker,&c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for applying certain Sums of Money raised in the County of Stafford by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 8th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and AbbottsBro*. Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within J'y'Incioture the Parish of Abbotts Bromley, otherwise Pagets Bromley, ted!*0'"1" in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gower Sutherland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom B«ing'*Ex-the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act change Bill for effectuating an Exchange between the Rector of £$£1* ,an the Parish of Saint Leonard, in the County of Devon, and John Baring, Esquire, and also between the Vicar of the Parish of Heavitree, in the same County, and the said John Baring, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom Northampton-the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are p thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants and Occupiers of ported. Estates in the several Parishes of Billing, Little Houghton, Wellingborough, Irchester, Higkepm Ferrers, -lingborough, IJlip, Thrapston, Pilton, Lilford, Barnwell

Saint Andrew, and Oundle, and Hamlet of Aftoton, in the County of Northampton, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants and Occupiers of Estates in the said Parishes and Hamlet, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had not been complied with, the NecdTity of the present Application not having occurred till occasioned by the late Floods, which happened in the Month of February last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards^ delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as folio w-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

John Bramston, Esquire, being examined, said, That by the sudden melting of the Snow, which had fallen in the said County, a very great Flood arose on the 10th and nth Days of February last, much beyond what has been known in the Memory of Man. — That by the great Inundation of Water which came down the River Nen, accompanied with immense Bodies of Ice, the Bridges over the said River at Billing, Wellingborough, Thrapston, Lilford, and Oundle, were greatly damaged, several of the main Arches being wholly destroyed, and others of them so Ihattered, that they myft be taken down and re-built.

And being further examined, he said. That the Preservation of the Communication between the different Parts of the Country, by Means of the said Bridges, is not only a Matter of local Convenience and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, but is also of efiential Public Utility. — That neither of the said Bridges were repaired, by or at the Expence of the County; and that the re-building and repairing the fame, will be atcended with a very great and heavy Expence, which the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, many of whom are Tenants at Rack Rent, are unable to bear.

Ordered,

Wallingford Paying, &c. Bill committed.

Sir Francis

Basset'f Estate Bill read.

Bishopof Ely's Estate Bill read.

Jrnnlngs Eftr*te Bill

committed.

G&infbtirgh

Inclosure and Drainage, See. Bill committed.

35 Geo. III.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given of the present Application to Parliament, by Advertisement, published Three Times in One of the Newspapers usually circulated in the County of Northampton, and by affixing the said Notice, for Seven Days, on the Market Cross at Tbrapston, and the Market Cross at Our.dle, in the said County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the re-building and repairing the Carriage Bridges over the River Nine, othrrwife Nen, at and

Outidle, in the County of NorthaAnd that Mr. Powys and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill may be committed, do examine, in the First: Place, how far the Order for giving the said Notices has been complied with, and do report the same to the House, on the Report of the said Bill.

A Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Sykes, Mr. Sykes, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Barton of and Lands

at and near Penryn,in the County of Part

of the settled Estates of Sir Francis Bajfet, of Park, in the County of CornBaroner, from the several Uses, Estates, and Trusts to which the same now stand limited, and for settling a Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant certain Estates in the Isle of Ely, now holden under Three Leases in several smaller Parcels, by separate Leases, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Mansion House, called Soddylt Hall, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lituate in the County of 5<7/^,.devised by the Will of Roger Jennings, the Younger, Esquire, deceased, with the Appurtenances, in Trullees, in Fee Simple in Poffclfion, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, and for Sale thereof, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. John Pitt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill/or inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Gainslurgh, in the Parish of Cainflurgh, in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising within the said Township, and within the Lordship of Thonock in the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Yol. L.

Junior, Mr. Vyner, Senior, Sec,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber*

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, EpWorth* and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds j within the several Parishes of Epworth, Haxey, Belton, Drainage Bill and OwHon,in the lfle of Axhclme, in the County of conumKe*1*

Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes* was read a Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Junior, Mr. Vyner, Senior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads rrom in the County of

Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County* and from Luton to Saint Alban's, in the County of *

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directecLhimto report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout* and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Liitorf, West-wood Gale, and St.Alban'i Roads Bill reported.

ingrossed.

Sir John Call reported from the Committee, to whom Henley upon the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bridgemen, Mar-

and BurgeflTes of the Town of Henley upon , Petition re- C*

in the County of Oxford, under their Common ported.

Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and " making commodious Avenues thereto, for widen- ing some Part of the High Street and Market c‘ Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town of " Henley upon Thames," was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Cooper being examined, said, That fined passing the said Act, the Old Market House, Gaol* and Guildhall have been taken down, but no Power was given by the said Act to re*build the Gaol and Guildhall on any other Scite: That it would greatly tend to the Benefit and Advantage of the Town to have a new Market House with a Common Gaol and other Offices erected at the West End of the Market Place, and to have a Guildhall, Council Chamber, and other Offices erected over the fame. — And the Wit*

5 G ness

Petition in favour of Bill to prevent the (teal ing of dead Bodies.

Doncaster Bridges Peti-tmm reported.

390 31 ''Marti:.

ness added, It is nectflary that Tome Amendments should be made to the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for building a Bridge over the River ‘Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues

" thereto, for widening some Part of the High Street 4‘ and the Market Place, for lighting and watching,

" for regulating the Footways in, and removing

Nuisances, Obllruftions, and Annoyances from,

<( the said Town/' so far as the same relates to widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obllruftions, and Annoyances from, the said Town: And that Sir John Call and Sir Francis Sykes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Churchwardens of the several Parishes of Saint Botolph Bishopf Saint Bartholomew

the Less, Saint Etbelburga, Saint Andrew

Saint Dennis Backchurch, Saint Nicholas Acorns, Saint Bennett Trink, Saint Stephen Saint Christopher

le Stocks, Saint Bennett Sherehog, Saint Michael le £>uerne, Saint Vedast, Saint Mary le Bow, Saint Pan-trajs Soper Lane, Saint Michael Royal, Saint Mildred's Bread Street, Saint Gregory by Saint Paul's, Saint Bennett Paul's Wharf, Saint Mary Magdalen, Saint Peter Paul's Wharf, Saint Andrew Holborn, Saint Marlin Ironmonger Lane, Saint Ann Aldersgate, Saint Magnus the Martyr, and SaintDunjlan's in the in the City

of London; Saint Saviour's Southwark, Saint Thomas the Apofile, Saint Mary Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, and Christchurch, in the County of Surrey; Saint John the Evangelist,in the City of Westminster , Poplar and Blackwall, Hamlet of End Old Town, and Saint Ann's, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves, and their respective Parishioners, and the Public in general, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill more effectually to prevent the Healing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment: And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Fourteenth Year of King George the Second, and the Sixth and

Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Doncafer, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had not been complied with, the Necessity of the present Application not having occurred till occasioned by the late Floods, which happened in the Month of February last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he.read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;


Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given, of the present

Application to Parliament, by Advertisement, published Three Times in One of the Newspapers usually circulated in the West Riding of the County of York, and by affixing the said Notice, for Seven Days, on the Door of the Town Hall of aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Damage done by the late Floods to certain Bridges, and to the Road, near the Town of Doncaster, and for making the said Bridges and Road safe and commodious for Travellers: And that Mr. Wil-berfcrce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill may be committed, do examine, in the Firfi: Place, how far the Order for giving the said Notices has been complied with, and do report the same to the House, on the Report of the said Bill.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevenc unnecessary Delay in the Execution of Writs, for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Notice (transmitted to His Majesty's Postmaster General, in pursuance of the Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter 24th) That Sir Benjamin Hammet had authorized and appointed John Hammet, Esquire, to sign the Name of Sir Benjamin Hammet, and to write the Superscription of his Letters.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of York, and County of the same City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, always anxious to prove their steady Attachment to His Majesty and His Family, and their great Veneration for, and constant Solicitude to preserve, our excellent Constitution, as establilfied at the Glorious Resolution, cannot but deplore the evil Consequences of War in general, and more particularly the disastrous Effects of that in which we are now unhappily engaged: And therefore praying, That, disclaiming all Right of interfering in the internal Concerns of France, the House will be plealed to adopt such Means as they, in their Wisdom, shall think proper for promoting a Speedy and honourable Peace between Great and those

with whom this Country is at present unfortunately at War, that being a Measure which the Petitioners are convinced iseffential to the Commerce and Prosperity of the British Empire.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of and Wales do

transmit, to the Clerk of this House, the Names of such Persons as are at present confined in any of the Gaols within their respective Sheriffalties, in Consequence of any Process or Prosecution in the Ecclesiastical Courts; specifying the Offence, and the Time that each Person has been imprisoned.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered,

Bill to prevenf Delay in the

Execution of

Writs for Scotian J,piefented.

Copy of Sir Benjamin Hammet's Notice to the Po(U masterGenera), ordered.

Petition from certain Inhabitants of York respecting the War.

Names of Persons confined by the Ecclesiastical Courts, to be transmitted to the Clerk.

Bill for making1 Allowances to Militiar jfiicots deleired.

Bill for *-

fetilating the Privilege of Prnnking, del erred*

Bill to enable

Petty Officers and Seamen to allct Part of their Pay, pa tied.

Report Way* and Means.

Bxchecuer Bdls. *

Clanfe in Act refye&ingPcr-fons appointing others to Frank for them, read.

Sea Insurances Duties lliil reported, and re-committed.

r

35 Geo. III. 31°

39 *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill for further regulating the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, was committed, be. now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Scvennight, the 13th Day of /Jprilnext.

An ir.grofled Bill to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, was read the Third Time, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, frrving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth $

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First: Aids to be granted in the next Stf-iion of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of , Mr.

Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

r

The House was moved. That the Clause in an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds " and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving " of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Post-tc age which entitles any Person authorized to fend Letters and Packets free of the Duty of Postage, to appoint some other Person, in certain Cafes, to sign his Name upon, and write the Superscription of, such Letters and Packets, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Kill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Commiueeo* itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cdrl- p"Jen/"nce* fider further of the said Bill committed

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Bi!1* Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Conlrriittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill* which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobdrt, according to Order, teported from the Bill for tn-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling the Magistrates in the several Counties in Men lor the Great Britain to raise and levy, under certain Regula- reP°rt* tions, such able bodied and idle Persons as (Fall be found within the said Counties, to serve in His Majesty's Navy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's,

Table: , Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee w to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, foe Aftftc* upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in Encounge-the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present p"ihFiflttj Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effeduJl rie*.

Encouragement of the British Fisheries," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him ta report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia Pay to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®‘u upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One Thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second ^rocMdingioii Reading of the Bill more effectually to prevent the ,h‘e stealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying deadBodie*. Grounds, or other Places of Interment;

A Motion was made, and the Question was propo-fed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were

noc

Bill for wider* ing the Passage at Temple Bar and Snow Hill presentrd.

Kelshall Tnelo-Ibrt Bill pre* tented*

Brampton and Lancaster Roads Bill reported*

391 31° Martii. — i° Ap 1795.

not present j the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Forty Members not being prefenr, and it being then Table: Where the Amendments were Once read after Four of the Clock; throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without agreed to by the House.

a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ten of the Clock. ingrossed.

Mercurii, i° Aprilis \

Anno 3j* Georgii III‘" Regis, 1795.

F*

AYERS.

lIR Watkin Lewes presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Baker presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. JVUberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and varying and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brampton High Lane to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of Lancaster, and for repairing the Road leading from Richmond, through

Melfonby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Lously

Cross, and from Gilling, through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gatberley Moor, and for turning and diverting the said Road, from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, to and through the Town of Hawes, and up the Vale of IViddel, to Gearstones, otherwise Graystones, and for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, that Part of the said Road, and for discharging the Trustees from the Reparation of that Part of the said Road which extends from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, over the Mountain Camm, to Greenftde Gate, and from thence to Gearstones, otherwise Graystones, and also from the Reparation of that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brampton High Lane and the Town of Richmond aforesaid, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Karnes are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, and other Roads therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; -and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

Mr. Wilber force presented to the House, according jo'Rhley and to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Halifax Road ing and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of Par- 1 PrefeDle'‘ liament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Kigbley to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and several other Roads therein respectively described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Kighley to Halifax aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wllberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Damage done by the late Floods to certain Bridges, and to the Road, near the Town of Doncaster, and for making the said Bridges and Road safe and commodious - for Travellers: And the same was received! and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ordt

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving " in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain " Cafes;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, t( An Act for establishing Courts " of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and " the lllands adjacent;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act -for laying out and making a new Street from JVbitefriar Gate to the South End of Quay Street, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull,without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Fifteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester,

§ and

Doncaster

Bridges, &c« Bill presented.

Tliq Lords have agreed so

Aliens B4

American Trade Bill*

Bill to continue

Newfoundland

Judicature

Aa.

Hull Street Bill.

Cirencester*nd Birdlip Hill Road Bill.

C'rencrftprand St. John's Bridge Road Bill*

Hyde Park Corner, Ken* fington, See, Roads Bill*

Newton Regtt, See, Inclosure Bill.

Steeple Clay-don Inclosure Bill

Hagworthing-

ham Inclosure Bill presented.

Petition from Propriet* r<t of Eiiatet in Ep-worth and other P.irifhea against Ep* worth, Haxey, See, inclosure and Drainage Bill.

Bamford's Lealcs Hill read.

35 Geo. III.

and certain other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads, in the County of Midd and for other Purposes therein mentioned} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Walle Grounds, in the Parish of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the in

the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, or One of them} and also, a certain Common or Parcel of Wade Ground, called Clifton Heath, in the Parishesof Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thijlles aforesaid, and Clifton Campville, in the County of or One of

them; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and in the Parish of Steeple Clay don, in the County of Bucks', without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bdl for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Paitures, Meadows, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hagworthingham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and F.a2tes, in the Parishes of Belton,

and ith:n the Manor of Epworth, in the 111c

of Axhoime,in the County of Lincoln whose Names are thereunder written, wuj presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and impr >ving, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the several Parishes of Epworth, Haxey, Buton and in the Isle of

Axhoime, in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands, within the said Parishes; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if paired into a Law, will be very detrimental to the Rights and Interrfts of the Petitioners, and they find the same contains certain Clauses and Provisions which will, if carried into Effect, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and several other Prr-fons interested in, and intitled to, the said Commons and Open Grounds: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Coun-fel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now Hands; or that the Petitioners may have such further Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Bamford, Esquire, and other Vol. L.

Persons after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain Parts of his settled Estates in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, reserving Rents, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrolTcd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An sir Thomas Act for vesting the Freehold Estates late of Sir Thomas Kyffn, Knight, deceased, in Trustees, for railing Money to pay and discharge his Mortgage and Specialty Debts; and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Walle Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sacisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,- were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Upton Inclo* sure Bill reported.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Strattons* Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, j^^VbiU the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, profaned. Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Walle Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Stratton Saint Margarett, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Poulton Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, B|U

the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, p Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Walle Lands, in the Parish of Poulton, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do make the Report Barlbrough from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Walle Grounds, within the Manor of Barlbrough, in the County of Derby, was committed*

Mr. Goddard accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the House,' relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read *

5 FI throughout;

Mr. HoHart to cairy Baring's Exchange Bill to the Lords,

Henlow Inclosure Bill reported.

Bill to prevent the dealing of dead Bodies, deferred.

Accountafrom Chnmherlain't Office Diefent-td. *

394 i° Aprilis . 1795.

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereuport, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Rector of the Parish of Saint Leonard, in the County of Devon, and

John Baring, Esquire, and also between the Vicar of the Parish of Heavitree, in the same County, and the said John Baring, and acquaint their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Dickinsreported front the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Henlow, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 34 Acres, and 3 Cottage Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; a.nd that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of a,oco Acres, or thereabouts, and there are 52 Cottage Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill more effectually to prevent the dealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Plates of Interment, be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant April,

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London. on 5th "July 1794: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of lighting, w itching, cleansing, and repairing, Black friar's Bridge, from the 29th of September 1793 to the 29th of September 1794: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street or Opening from Moor-fields, oppufite Chifzvcll Street, towards the East, into Bifi'Opfgate Street, &c. from the 29th September 1793 to the 29th September 1794 t And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the

present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating on the River Thames, from the % \ft.Dicember 1793 to the 31st December 1794: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for making, enlarging, amending and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the said City, and Liberties thereof, See. from the 29th of September 1793 to the 29th of September 1794.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perufedby the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring Men, for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now serving in the Militia: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Se-cretafy at War, and Mr. Sloane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That ic is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought " Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for " preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen " employed in the Silk Manufacturee," which was to continue in Force for the Term of Five Years from the 14th Day of June 1766, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 14th Day of June 1782, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, was by Two Acts, made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 14th Day of June 1795, anc* from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of Diflillerics in Scotland, and the Exportation of e Spi-

" rits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to " England, for a limited Time," as imposes Duties on Licences to be taken out by Distillers of Spirits in England for Exportation from thence to Scotland, which was to continue in Force until the id Day of December 1795, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was postponed.

1 Ordered,

Bill for attgl menting the Corps of Artillery, Sea ordered.

Report Expire ing Laws.

35 GeO; lit.

395

Ordered, That it be an InstruCion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of Britishznd Linens exported,

and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease j and for making perpetual an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the First Resolution of the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 9th Day of this Instant resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the subsequent Refoiu-tion of the said Committee, and which has been postponed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House resolve* House this Day, adjourn till Tomorrow Sevennight, *? ait^rur,? 1,11 the 9th Day of this Infinite Jfril. thepUtlnftani.

Mr. Secretary at War prefefitedto the Hoofe* pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chsljea Hospital, for the Year 1795.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge Of the Irt-Pensioners of HoTpital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1795: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Corps transferred from the Irish to the British Establishment, from the respective Periods therein mentioned, to the 24th of December 1794: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of several Augmentations to the Embodied Militia, for the respective Periods therein mentioned, in the Year 1794.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read;

The said Estimates are as followeth j viz.

Estimates

preienced*

Chelsea Out Pensioners.

Chelsea In Pensioners.

Corps transferred from th* Irish to the JJrirish Ella-blishment.

Augmentations to ttite 1 Militia.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1795*

u

L — I----1.

16,524 Out-Pensioners, at Five Pence per Diem each, from 25th December 1794, deducing for Pensions unclaimed J. 3,776. 10/. — — —

400 Letter Men, at One Shilling per Diem each — — < —

31 Serjeants, at Nine Pence per Diem each ——

121,874 19 —

7,300 ——

424 6 3

*6,955

To the ColleCors of Excise, for paying the Out-Pensioners To Agents Clerks ——

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners, per Annum — —

For the Rent of a House for the Examination of Out-Pensioners ——

1,22a ia — 381 6 —

1,000 — —

200 — — .

2,803 18 —

From which deduC out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions 1,200 — —

DeduC already provided on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1795 —

In all to be made good — — £.

129,599 3

1,603 18 —

131,20a *9 3

7 »°°3 7 *

124,199 11 4

War Office,

1 ft April 1795.

fV. Windham.

ESTIMATE

x° Aprilis

A. 1795

396

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Irt-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, for the Year 1795-

Pay, per Annum, of 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers

Clothing for Ditto — — _ —

Salaries of the Governor and other Officers —

Board Wages and Table for Ditto — —

Surgeon and Apothecary ——

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary — — —

Tradesmen - .

Provisions ——

Contingencies and Extraordinaries — —

Deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions for 1795 In all to be made good —

1,266 2 4

9n 7 5

3,796 9 —

483 5 —

2.500 ——

2.000 — — 1

4.500 ——

9.000 — — 1

4.000 — —

28,457 3 9

2,800 ——

25^57 3 9

War Office, ift April 1795.

Windham.

ESTIMATE

D

cq'

r — h

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

cS

FT

o

r

E S TIM AT E of the Charge of Corps transferred from the Irish to the $ritish Establishment, from the respective Period* under-mentioned to the 14th of Detmber'17^^.

W

era'

CORPS.

Two Troops of the Seventh Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from 3d May 1794 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 236 Days —

Two Troops of General Cs Regiment of Dragoons, for the same Period — —

Lieutenant General La/celles's Regiment of Dragoons,

from 5th March 1794 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 295 Days — —

Two Troops of Lieutenant General s Regiment

of Dragoons, from \R. May 1794 to 24th following, both inclusive, being 238 Days —

Ditto of General Craig's Regiment ®f Dragoons, from 4th May 1794 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 235 Days — — —

Ditto of Sir Robert Sloper's Regiment of Dragoons, for the same Period — —

Four Troops of the Duke of Regiment of

Dragoons, from 11ft. April 1794 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 248 Days —

Ditto of the Marquis of Drogheda's Regiment of Dragoons, from the 28th April 1794 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 241 Days —

Ten Companies of Major General Ralph Dundas's Regiment of Foot, from 24th April to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 245 Days — Ditto of Lieutenant General s Regiment, from

7th March 1794, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 293 Days — — —

Ditto of Major General Garth's Regiment, from 10th August 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 137 Days — ' — —

Eight Companies of Major General David Dundas's Regiment, from 25th of December 1793 to 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 365 Days — — »

Numbersr Pay of Commissioned, Non-com mi (Honed Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officer" and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to C p-tain.sPavmaster', Surgeon*, Riding M *f-ters, and Serjeants. TOTAL.

Il6 2,800 16 7 371 10 6 54 I 8 92 4 — 3,3*8 12 9

116 — 2,800 16 7 371 10 6 54 8 92 4 — 3,318 12 9

526 — 16,511 15 2 2,089 16 6 c*> H O H OO NO 518 12 9 I9»43* 3 2

n6 — 2,824 11 4 374 13 6 54 10 10 92 19 7 3>346 15 3

n6 — 2,788 19 4 369 19 — 53 i7 91 16 3 3»3°4 11 8

n6 — 2,788 19 4 369 19 — 53 17 1 91 16 3 3,304 11 8

232 — 5,886 9 10 780 16 7 lI3 13 4 *93 *5 7. 6,974 15 4

232 5,720 6 10 758 15 10 no 9 2 188 6 2 6,777 18 —

i>57° 1 r- r^ IS" ON

947 — 8,697 7 3 1,783. 8 1 158 1 6 552 11 10 11,191 8 8

947 — 10,401 6 9 2,132 16 2 189 — 10 660 17 1 13»384 — 10

687 — 3>927 5 1 734 18 9 77 9 1 274 15 — 5,014 7 11

729 10,266 14 10 2,041 3 5 186 2 5 '637 5 — 13*131 5 8

'O

35 Geo. III. i° Aprilis.

CORPS.

D

cq'

N

CD

Cl

CT

n

o

C3

r>

Eight Companies of Major Grenville's Regiment, from 8th March 1794 to o.irxh~December following, both inclusive, being 292 Days ——

Ten Companies of Lord Mulgs Regiment of Foot, from 12th July 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 166 Days — —

Ditto of Marquis Cornwallis's Regiment, from 31st May 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 208 Days ——

Ditto of Lord Frederick Cavend Regiment, from 5th July 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 173 Days — < — — — »

Eight Companies of General Fletcher's Regiment, from 28th February 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 331 Days ——

Ten Companies of Sir Robert Pigot'sRegiment,' from ift April 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 268 Days — — —

Eight Companies of Major General Stirling's Regiment, from 28th December 1793 to 24th of December 1794, both inclusive, being 362 Days — —

Ten Companies of Lieutenant General Rainsford's Regiment, from 26th April 1794 to 24th of December following, both inclusive, being 243 Days —

Ditto of Lieutenant General Tottenham's Regiment, from 29th March 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 271 Days — — —

Lieutenant Colonel Fitch's Regiment, from 7th November 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 48 Days ——

Major General Crojbie's Regiment, from 18 th May 1794 to 24t U December following, both inclusive, being 221

Colonel Hewitt's Regiment, from 12th June 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 19.6

Charge of Clothing of Non-com mi (Boned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains. Pay marten. Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. T O 1 P A L.

1,63a 18 9 148 17 II 509 1 — 10,505 — 7

890 10 a 93 16 11 332 18 2 6,075 *6 9 \ »

15 7 *43 9 2 469 2 9 *o*553 *5 5

918 1 a 97 16 a 346 18 11 6,332 —

1,851 — 8 168 15 8 577 *8 3 11,908 2 3

! 1,950 16 6 172 18 4 604 9 4 12,242 1 2

! 2,024 7 11 ! 184 ii 10 632 — 3 i-3»P23 7 2

1,768 16 XI *50 *5 9 54? 7 11,100 1 6

1,97a *3 3 *74 *7 61 4. 8 12,379 111

409 7 3 1 3+ 7 io8 5- 3 2,602 19 5

1,191 11 6- 125 6 6 443 4* 8,130 r6 —

1,056 15 7 no 11 3 393 r ' 7>*4* — 8 *

' i < I i N

VO

oo

S6Z.1 y 'stfuiy „i

3X*WIXS3

5.908 I 3

Colond Hutchinson's Regiment, from 31st of May 1794

to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 208 Days — — — — 689

Lieutenant Colonel Murray's Regiment, from 17th 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 222 Days — — — — 689,

Lieutenant Colonel Trench's Regiment, from 23d June 1794 to 24th December following,.both inclusive, being 185 Days — — — — 689

Lieutenant Colonel Keating's Regiment, from 13th September 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 103 Days — — — - 689

The Earl of Granard's Regiment of Foot, from 19th

September 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 97 Days — — — 689

Lieutenant Colonel O'Donnell's Regiment, from 15th

November 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 40 Days — — 689

Lord Viscount Donoughmore's Regiment, from 21st Sep-

tember 1794 to 24th December foll6wing, both inclusive, being 95 Days — — — 689

Lord Viscount Lavdaff's Regiment, from 26th September 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 90 Days — — — { 689

Lieutenant Colonel Rocbfort's Regiment, from 8th November 1794 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 47 Days — — — J 689

Lieutenant Colonel Shatford's Regiment, from the 19th

to the 24th December 1794, both inclusive, being 6 Days — — — — 689

The Earl of Mount Norris's Regiment, from 30th October 1794 40 24th December following, both inclusive, being 56 Days - 689

Major General Fox's Regiment, from 10th to the 24th

December 1794, both inclusive, being 15 Days — 689

21,577

6,305 14 5

5^54 15 4

2>935 6 —

2,764 6 3

M39 6

2,707 6 4

2,564 16 6

L334 *9 ««

170 8 6

1,595 *7 10 432 8 —

Total — —

23,147

195,936 7 4

War Office,

tft Jfril 1795.,

o

to

W, Windham*

f[ I

i,iai 9 7 7 J 2 417 2 10 7,563 16 10

1,196 19 3 125 — II 445 4 4 8,072 18 11

991 9 104 4 — I M r^. 6,727 9 1

SS5 6 11 58 2 — 206 11 4 3*755 6 3

5*2 19 11 54 *4 4 194 10 8 3.536 11 2

2*5 *3 4 22 II 3 80 4 5 1,458 7 6

5*4 4 3 53 9 190 10 5 3.463 w 9

485 5. 5° *5 5 180 9 10 3,281 6 10

253 8 2 26 9, 6 94 5 2 1,709 2 9

3*- 7 — 37 7 1-2 — 8 r 218 3 9

301 18 8 31 11 9 112 6 2 2*041 14 5

80 17 6 8 10 1 30 1 8 55* *7 3

35,858* 2 2 3.684 *3 4 11,398 it 2 £

] L

jgj,ieo 14 5

246,877 15 —

VO

Bill for making Allowance* to Mi* litia O(licer* committed.

400

i° Aprilis. 1795*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Augmentations to the Embodied Militia, for the respective

Periods under-mentioned, in the Year 1794.

CORPS.

Anglesea —

Bedford —

Ditto —

jBerks —

Royal Buckingh

Cambridge — '

Cheshire —

Denbigh — -

Ditto —

Essex, West —

Essex, East —

Flint — »

Gloucester, North Hampshire, South Hereford —

Herts —

Huntingdon —

Kent, West —

Kent, East —

Ditto —

Leicester —

Merioneth —

Monmouth and Breton Montgomery — -

Ditto —

Stafford — *

Suffolk, East —

PERIODS.

from 10th to the 24th December 1794 from ad June to Ditto — from ift August to Ditto —

from 24th June to Ditto — from 29th May to Ditto —

from 4th September to Ditto —

from 25th June to Ditto — from 23d July to Ditto — -

from 16th October to Ditto —

from 10th October to Ditto from 16th November to Ditto — from 3d August to Ditto — from 23d October to Ditto — <

from 25th June to Ditto — from 20th December to Ditto —

from 5th December to Ditto from 16th June to Ditto — from 1 ft July to Ditto — from 25th June to Ditto —

from 25th August to Ditto —

from ioth May to Ditto — from 12th June to Ditto — from 19th July to Ditto — from 8 th April to Ditto

from 19th April to Ditto — i

from 21st April to Ditto — from 19th July to Ditto —

Augmentations above-mentioned, upon Account — — , —

Total

Numbers. CHARGE.'

- 93 5* 1 II

71 590 2 II

" 71 418 5 2

— 71 527 2 I

— 268 1,911 8 s

— 54 194 '9 —

*59 95 5 I

— 81 482 J5 10

— 84 233 7 I

— 176 390 13 9

— 176 200 9 8

71 434 4 a

— 74 191 *7 4

— 7i 524 5 1

— - »42 21 7 4

— 129 88 12 7

— 77 654 — 7

— 45 219 15 6

—— 7i 534 5 8

— 7i 349 10 1

— 90 603 — 8

— 49 442 5 3

— 90 408 5 8

— 71 747 14 a

71 729 17 11

— 129 1,099 —

62 J°5 18 3

the 2,617 13>3°6 11 5

— 10,500 — —

— _ 23,806 II 5.

War Office, ;ft April 1795,

IV. Windh»

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Tire said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 13th Day of this Instant resolve itself

into a Committee of the whole House, uoon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committwfoi itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of preventing the Removal of Spirits from the High- Spirit*ft«nthe land to the Lowland Districts of that Part of Great Bri- Highland to tain called Scotland. D?ftriaiof

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Scotland. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported.

| mittce,

35 Geo. III. i°

401

mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had di-' reded him to report to the House; which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, that the Removal of Spirits, from the Highland to the Lowland Districts of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should be prevented.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in

land, and on the Exportation of made Spirits

from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause for more effectually preventing the Removal of Spirits from the Highland Districts of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to the Lowland jDif-trifts of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Committee on Re/ohed, That this House will, immediately, re-

Scotch Distii- solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon DutiesBih"* the Kill fjr granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and oh the Exportation of British-n\ade Spirits from England to , and from

Scotland to England.

1 he H>>ufc accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend. 11.cuts thereunto; which they h,;d directed him to re^ut, when the House will please to receive the same.

Oi dtred.That the Report be received upon Friday Sevennigkt, the 10th Day of this Inllant April.

Bill for aiigr-‘ Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Coi"*"ot Ar- H°ufe» according to Order, a Bill for augmenting the tilery,°&c. Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring Men

printed. for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men

nowferving in the Militia: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lottery Bill Ordered, That the Bill for granting to His Majesty commuted. a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House‘will, upon Tomorrow Scvennight, the 9th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoofe, upon the said Bill.

v<*e©fCredit Me. Roje presented to the House, according to

Bill presented. Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevcnnight, the 9th Day of this Instant April.

Bill for railing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Men in Scot- the whole House, to whom the Bill for raifxng a certain Na»ya°«p*«ed. Number <of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Bri-Vot. L.

tain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Scvennight, the 9th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.'

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- Committee on solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Billforamend-

_ r ing several

upon the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, Lawaiciative made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of to the Custom*. His present Majesty, to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops,

Wherries, Smacks, or Yawls, of any Built whatever; for amending an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relatfve to the Revenue of Customs; and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the " Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing " and landing certain Prize Goods in this King-* dom."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- InstrufKoo. mittee,.That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise at Edinburgh to grant Licences to Manufacturers and Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excile at Edinburgh.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tomorrow Sevcnnight, the 9th Day of this Instanc April.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the |*P,nn8Law* Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting (Custom*.) a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, Tha* they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

5 K to

' ' Tn

402

1° Aprilis. A. 1795.

Bill for Aug-meriting the Corps of Artillery, Set, to be printed.

Bill for enabling Magistrates to raise Men for the Navy, passed.

Vellom,

Parchment,

&c. additional Dutirs Bill patted.

Navy and Victualling Bills Annuities Bill passed.

to report, when the House will please to receive the taining the Course of the last-mientioned District of fame. Road, so far as the same relate to the said Road frorrt

Ordered, That the Report be received upon To- Inchbel Bridge to and for more effectually morrow Sevennight, the 9th Day of this lnstant making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair,

April. the said Road, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and lead-Ordered, That the Bill for augmenting the Royal ing to Colder Bridge, and from thenlce, by or near BaU Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring Men, for more, to or neat the Church of New Kilpatrick, and the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now from thence, by or near to the Town of Old

serving in the Militia, be printed. Kilpatrick, and the Road branching ftom the aforesaid

Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third over Hill to ProVan Mill, and to the present

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling the Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld: And the same Magistrates in the several Counties in Great Britain was received } and read the First Time, to raise and levy, under certain Regulations, such Re/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, able-bodied and idle Persons as shall be found within the said Counties, to serve in His Majesty's Navy, Mr presented [to the House, according to itehin Nwl-;

be now read. Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more ef- s,t,°n B'u

And the said Order being read accordingly; feftual, the several Acts of the Sixteenth and Seven- pr eute

The raid Bill was read the Third Time. teenth of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of be, An Act for enabling the Magistrates in the several the River Itehin, in the County of Southampton, and for Counties in Great Britain to raise and levy, under improving the Navigation thereof, and for ascertaining certain Regulations,such able-bodied and idle Persons the Rates of Riverage, Tonnage, and Wharfage, pay-as shall be found within the said Counties, to serve in abje thereon: And the same was received; and read His Majesty's Navy. the First Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Re/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Watkin Lewes presented to the House, according St. Boto'ph Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the p^‘'r Bj Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, prteDt His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped intituled, An Act for the more effectual assessing and Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for repealing a " collecting of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, certain Exception as far as relates to Bonds given as " in the Parish of Saint Botolph, in the

Security for the Payment of One hundred Pounds, or Liberties of the City of London for providing a under, contained in an Act of the Twenty-third Year Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said of His present Majesty's Reign, be now read. Parish, ^and for the Employment, Maintenance, and

And the said Order being read accordingly; Regulation of the said Poor therein; And the fame

The said Bill was read the Third Time. was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Re/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Ordered, That Lord be added to the Member

Paper; and for repealing a certain Exception as far Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring cmvief incio-as relates to Bonds given as Security for the Pay- in, a Bill, pprfuant to the Prayer of the Petition of lure Bill, ment of One hundred Pounds, or under, contained Francis Duke of ancf, the humble Petition of in an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fub- Majesty's Reign. feribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages,

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Cottages, Lands, and Estates, within the Parish of Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Crawley, otherwise Hufoorn Crawley, in the County of

Bedford.

An ingrossed Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills, was read the Lord presented to the House, accord- Crawley

Third Time. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Combe, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain rnon Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Navy and Victualling Bills. Parish of otherwise Hu/born Crawley, in the

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the County of And the same \y as received; and

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

inchheiiy Sir Archibald Edmonstone presented to the House, ac-

Bruitte and cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Road*° Bill C* Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year presented. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Gla/gcw,so far as the same relate to the District of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering and afeer-

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Conglcton Order, a Bill for dividing and leafing, or letting, cer- Incioiurr Bill tain Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Borough preen and Township of Congleton, in the County of Chester \ and for applying the Profits of Part of the same in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or Public Expences, within the said Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac- Mirfhil Con-cording to Older, a Bill for veiling, for a certain Term of Years, in the ‘Right honourable Henry Seymour Con- 1

way, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for 8 burning

Wootton and Borefhul Inclosure Bill presented.

Member added to bring in Jitnlry upon 1 h.unet Market Place, &c. Bill.

Henley upon T harre* Market Plate, &c. Bill pr denied.

Cheddar Jnrlofure Bill reported

35 Geo. III. i° Jprilis. 403

burning Lime, and for the Use of Distillers and Brewers, and for other beneficial Purposes: And the same was rerfived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Fields, Lot Ground, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground, in Wootton and Bortjhill, in the Parish of , in the County of Berks: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill f r amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fiift Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inrituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River,

" at the Town of Henley upon , in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto, for widening some Part of the High Street and t: the Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nui-'* lances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town," so far as thefimc relates to widening f>me Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from; the said Town.

Mr. Vansittart preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge over " rlie River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making com- modious Avenues thereto, for widening some Part " of the High Street and the Market Place, for lighting and ^w atching, for regulating the Footways in, 44 and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town," so far as the same relates to widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

M* Hippifiey Coxe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill fordividing,allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cheddar, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Twenty-six Tenements having Right of Common, called Old Aufiers, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Fourteen such Tenements vho declared themselves Neuter; and that the whole Number of such Tenements is 194; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Barony of stoke, in the County of CumberlaAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Captain Berkeley repotted from the Commitree, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants, in the Neighbourhood of His Majesty's Forest of Dean, in the county of;

and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the Tythingand in the Dutchy of Etloe, in the Parish of Awre, in the County of Glou-

cester, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Matthews being examined, said. That several Roads leading through FJis Majesty's Forest of Dean, in the Petition particularly described, are in a very ruinous Condition, and incommodious for Passengers; but that the said Roads being Part of the Soil, and the Waste Lands belonging to the Forest, and the Property of His Majesty in Right of His Crown, the same cannot be amended and repaired by the Laws now in being.

Then to prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Matthews being further examined, said. That the Road leading from a Place called The Bottom of the Viney Hill, within His Majesty's Forest of Dean, through the Ty thing of Etloe and the Dutchy of in the Parish of Awre, in the County of , to

certain Places called Gatcomb and Pyrton, in the said Parish of Awre, adjoining the River Severn, is very much out of Repair, narrow in many Places, and cannot be properly amended by the Laws now in being. — -And the Witness further said, That His Majesty's Naval Timber felled in the said Forest, is broughc from thence to Gatcomb and Pyrton, and there shipped in order to be conveyed to His Majesty's Dock Yards; and that the said Road has been, for many Years last past, repaired at the Expence of the Crown, and is a Continuation of One of the Roads in the First-mentioned Petition described as leading from the Bottom of Viney Hill, within the said Forest, to a Place called Coalway Lane End, near the Town of Colford

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing the Courlc of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest to lead to certain Places in and near the fame; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads from the Bottom of a Place called The Viney Hill, in the said Forest, through the Tyth-ing of Etloe and Dutchy of Etloe, to and through the Ty things of Gatcomb and Purton, and to the River Severn, in the Parish of Awre, in the said County of Gloucester: And that Captain Berkeley and the Marquis of kVorcester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1 Mr.

Greystoke Inclosure Bill presented.

Dfar» Forest Koa is Petition* repotted.

Redftone Bridge Petition reported*

Bewdley Kiidge B 11 committed.

404

i° — 90

A. 1795.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn, near " Redjlcne,in the County of , and for mak-

" ing proper Avenues and Roads to and from the fame, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprie- tors of a Ferry across the said River at " aforesaid," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had not been complied with, the Necessity of the present Application not having occurred till occasioned by the late Floods, which happened in the Month of February last; and that the Gornmitree had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followech; viz.

To'prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. — And,

Mr. William Wheler being examined, said. That, in pursuance of the said Act, a Bridge has been erected rear Redjione, and proper Avenues made thereto. —

That from the sudden and uncommon Rife and Rapidity of the late Floods, Two of the Three Arches of the said Bridge are entirely fallen in, and the Third is expected to share the same Fate — That by this Accident, not only the Road over the said River is become impassable, but the Navigation of the said River is greatly impeded. — That the Tolls arising from the said Bridge have not hitherto been sufficient to keep down the Interest of the Money borrowed; and not only the Sum of £. 6,010,but a considerable Arrear of Interest dill remains due. — And the Witness added That it is of the utmost Consequence to the Trade and Commerce of the Country, as well as to the Navigation of the said River, that the said Bridge should be speedily re-built, and the River cleared of the Rubbish.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given of the present Application to Parliament, by Advertisement, published Three Times in One of the Newspapers usually circulated in the County of Worcester and by affixing the said Notice, for Seven Days, on the Door of the Town Hall of Worcester.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge across the River,

near Redjione, in the County of , and for

making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the " fame, and for making Satisfaction to the Propric- tors of a Ferry across the said River at Redjione " aforesaid and for enabling the Trustees for executing the said Act to re-build the said Bridge: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill may be committed, do examine, in the first Place, how far the Order for giving the said Notices has been complied with, and do report the same to the House on the Report of the said Bill;

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River,

at Bewdley, in the County and for opening

convenient Avenues thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Ihbart, &c.: And they are to meec this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, j

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 10th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 10th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, was re-committed, be received upon Friday Seven-night, the 10th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the British " Fisheries," was committed, be received upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 9th Day of this Instant April.

Resolved, That this House yvill, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 9th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, begirining the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 9th Day of this Instant April, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply

dcfcrneJ,

Sea rnfurance* Duiirs recommitted Bill deferred.

Bill to continue

At\ for Encouragement of the Bn life Fisheriu deferred*

Militia Pay Bill descried.

Jovts, 90 die Aprilis;

Anno 35* Georgii III,n Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

MR. Gregor presented to the House, according Matkeiel to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of the F,j^edlU Mackerel Fiffiery: And the same was received; and prccnt read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bamforrf* to enable William Bamjord, Esquire, and other Persons, after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain Parts of his settled Estates in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, reserving Rents, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -burne, Mr. 'Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An SirThomw Act for vesting the Freehold Estates late of Sir 'Thomas K)‘tfin's fcttate KyJJin, Knight, deceased, in Trustees, for raising ted. comn"t* Money to pay and discharge his Mortgage and Specialty Debts, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, improving, and keeping

in

Burnfey and Buiy Road B.U reported.

Martha) Conway's B'H committed*

Aberdeen Paving, &c. Bill committed*

Bifingftone and Winchef-ter Roads Bill committed.

ItcKin NavU gation Bill committed*

35 Geo. III. of Aprilis, 405

in Repair, the Road from the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of La to the Turnpike Road leading from Bury to ,at or near

Edenfield Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for vetting, for a'certain Term of Years, in the Right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for burning Lime, and for the Use of Distillers and Brewers, and for other beneficial Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same, for the better supplying the Inhabitants with frtfti Water, and for the removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Allar-dyce, Mr. Fergujon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Bajingstone, near the Town of in

the Parish of Windlesham,in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnbam, in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heatheote, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itcbin, in the County of Southampton, and for improving the Navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the Rates of Riverage, Tonnage, and Wharfage, payable thereon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloane, Mr. Amyatt, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. L.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Leaseholders, having Estates in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near 'Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if such Bill should pass into a Law, it will greatly prejudice them, and all the other Owners of Estates in the Districts in which the Premisses arc situate, particularly, by taking down so great a Number of Houses, it will occasion a heavy Burthen to the Petitioners and the other Owners of Estates in the said Districts, in respect to the Land Tax charged thereon: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Committee, elected and appointed in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and certain Places adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and also of William Seager, a Creditor on the additional Rate of the Optional Street or Place, called Butcher Row, in the said Parish, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner, William Seager, is a Creditor under the said Act for £. 7 50, lent on the Credit of the additional Rate of the said Street or Place, called Butcher Row, and the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and so great a Number of Houses as therein proposed be taken down and laid into the Street, it will not only prejudice the Petitioner William Seager, in such his Demand, but throw a heavy Burthen on the other Inhabitants, with respect to the paving Rates: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill pattes into a Law, it will considerably injure and affect them, as it will empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, to take down and remove their Parochial Church, and place the same in such a Postion that the Public Carriage Way will surround it, and thereby increase the Inconvenience of Noise, which the Petitioners now experience, as such Public Way is at present on the South Side of the said Church; and it will also empower the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons to pull down and take away from the Petitioners their Vestry Room, Court Room, and Almshouses, which are Buildings detached from the Church, situate on the East Side of the Church Yard, and are Public Edifices for Parochial Use, as also the Court Room for the Dutchy Court of Lancaster, which Edifices and Buildings are not noticed by the said Bill; and the said Bill will likewise empower them to pull down about One Hundred and Sixty Dwelling Houses, or other Buildings, situate in a very public and valuable Part of the Parish, and forming a considerable Portion thereof, Fifty-three of which Houses are, according to the Plan set forth and described in the said Bill, to be absolutely taken away, and the Ground on which they Hand converted into a Public Street or Passage; and the Dwelling Houses or Buildings which will be subject to the Operations of the said Bill, if ic should 5 L pass

Petition from Freeholder* 6cc in St. Clement Dams Parish against lht Bill for Widening the Passages at Temple Bar and Snow Hill*

Petition from the Committee for Paving, dec* St. Clement Danes against Do Bilk

Petition from the Churchwardens* 6c c. of Sc. Clement Danes, against D° Bill*

Petition from the Earl of Moira against the Bill for amending the Tient and M rl'.y Canal AcU, &c. &c.

Pvtifion from Owners of Mh!s. Forges, &«', on the Kiver Trent, 3£-»iuft

Petition from cert nn I ctlccs of the Burton Navigation against D° Bill.

Petition from the K.irl f Ux-Fir'.e irraii lt

D« Bill.

ac 6 90 Aprili 1795.

pass into aLaw, now pay and contribute about £.570 per dm.urn, to the Relief and Sullentation of the Poor of the said P.iriib, bclidcs Watch Rates, and other Taxes and Afu-iiments; and that the Total Removal of Fifty-three Dwelling Houses will very much decrease the Number of Inhabitants of the said Parish, and occasion a considerable Defalcation in the several Rates, and it will entirely take away Property that entitles a Number of Persons, Owners, and Occupiers, to vote for Members to represent in Parliament the County of Middlesex, and City and Liberty of -

Jier-, and such Bill will also give to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of London, the Power of taking away the Property and Rights of the Petitioners without providing for the re-building any of the said Public Edifices (except the Church) or indemnifying the Petitioners for the Loss to be sustained in their Rates or Assessments, by taking away such Dwelling Houses and Buildings so contributing thereto, as aforesaid, or providing for the Petitioners any Place for the Performance of Public Worship, or for the publishing the Banns, or Solemnization of Marriage, or any other of the Public Rites of the Church, or for protecting sufficienc Burial Ground in Lieu of what they may take away; and that the said Bill assumes all Powers to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, without those fair, candid, and equitable Provisions for the Rights of the Petitioners, which should have made a Part of the Bill: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read % Second Time,

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl of Moira, was presented to the House, and read 5 Taking Notice of the Bill for making a Navigable Communication between the 9 'rentand Mersey Canal, and the Burton Canal at Sbobnall, in the County of Stafford, and for amending the ‘Trent and Mersey Canal Aflsj and Setting forth. That the Petitioner apprehends, if the said Bill should be passed into a Law, it would be extremely injurious to the Property of the Petitioner, his Lessees, and others: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel, again!! the said Bill, and may have such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills, Forges, and other Works, upon the River be-

-twe n U'icbnor, in the County of Stafford, and dish Bridge,in the County of Derby, and the Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries in the said River between those Places, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if the same should pass into a Law, it will greatly injure them in their aforesaid Property, by diverting the Water out of the said River: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the find Bill, or have such other Relief as to the House shall fee n meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Lcfiees under the Right honourable the F.arl of Uxbridge, of the Navigation commonly called The Burton Navigation, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would greatly injure them in their Property: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill, or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Henry Earl of Uxbridge, wras like wife presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner apprehends, if the said Bill should be passed into a Law, it would be extremely injurious to the Property of the Petitioner, his LtflVcs, and others: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, and may have such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Lid Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Poulton, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Sloane, &cf.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to vwhom the Bill for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Hamlet of High-gate, in the County of Mid through a certain Lane, called Maiden Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, to a certain Place, called Battle Bridge, in the same County, and the several other Higlnvavs and Foot Paths in the said Parish of Saint Mary. Islington (which are not included in any Turnpike Aifts) and to enable the Inhabitants of the said Parish to raise Money for that and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Eill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Barton of Penwerris, and Lands at and near Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Part of the settled Estates of Sir Francis , of,

in the County of Cornwall, Baroner, from the several Uses, Estates, and Trulls to which the same now fund limited, and for settling a Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -brabam, Mr. Gregor, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Crawley, otherwise HuflornCrawley, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Rfotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. brabam, Mr. St. John, &t.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands within the 3 Parish

Poulton Inclo-fin f Bill comj milted.

Hi eh gate and

Bat.le Bridge, &c. Roads Bill reported.

Sir Francis llaffct's Eli st* Bill committed.

Crawley Inclosure Bid committed.

Cheddar Inclosure Bill passed.

Towcester Xoad bill pic tented.

35 Geo. III.

9° Aprilis.

Parish of Cheddar, in the County of was read

the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. ii. 1. 32. To leave out from <c aforesaid" to the End of 1. 6. in Pr. 12.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Cheddar, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. llippifey Ccxe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Powys preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from to the Turn-

pike Road in Cotton Ehd, in the Parish of IIardingf.cn, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the said County of Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called ‘The Haye, or of Farming Woods,

and for extinguishing such'Common Rights, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill wr.s accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. DickinS, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Palhires, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the Counry of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Palhires, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Upton Inclosure Bill passed.

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re-

Biii fer grant- solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, OHbry Part of upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to the Buckingham Right honourable John Earl of Upper Offory, his Heirs Forest. and AssignSj in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right,

Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty in and upon The Hayc, or IValk, of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham. in the County of Northampton, and also the Reversion of certain Offices, Rents, and other Hereditaments in the said County of Northampton (to which the said Earl of Upper Offory is entirled for Three Lives, under a Grant from His present Majesty) upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

Beportit- Ordered, That the Report which was made from

ferred. the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Duke

of Buccleugh, James Earl of Cardigan, Edward Earl Beaulieu, and John Earl of Upper Offory, Baron Upper Offory, of Ampthill, and the humble Petition of Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights, in the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in BrigftockznA Stanion % in the County of Northampton, and of cerrain Pieces of Commonable Lands, called The Great and Little Green in Sudborruzh, in the same County, and also Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements entitled to Common Rights in Gedaingtcn Chafe, and in The Ilaye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the said County of Northampton, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved icfelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment i and he dtlivtred the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Biifft-ckar.d Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing

S a 0.1, &c. the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Comm »n-BiU commit- Lands, and "Waste Grounds, in Brig'tock and

ted. Staninn, in the County of Northampton, and /uch

Part of the Parish of Sudborough, in the same County, as is called Sudboeouzh Green \ and also, for setting out and allotting Lands, in Lieu of, and Compensation fur, the Coaunon Rights upon GeJdington Chafe, in

A Bill for dividing, and leafing, or letting, certain Conjrleton

Commons or Waste Grounds within the Borough and Township of Congleton, in the County of Chester, and for applying the Profits of Part of the same in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or Public Expences, within the said Townftfip, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Saliisbury Cot ten, Mr. Sykes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Inclosure Bill committed.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Common and Keishall Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and inclosure Bill Waste Grounds, within the Parish of KelJIoall, in conj,mUe the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker, Mr. Plainer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's . Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the HmW Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Waste I^^!ureC*11 Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, f in the Parish of Henlow, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Henlow, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. DJikins do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon the 251b Day of March la ft, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 27th Day of March last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the Floufe of the 7th Day of May

1794; . *

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

Report on Sou'.Hampton and New Sarum Canal Kill further considered.

The

Jennine*

Eft if Bill rep »ted, and passed.

Kighley and Halifax Road Bill committed*

Doncaster Bridges, &c. Bill committed.

Halifax Church Bill presented.

Henley upon Thames Market Place, See Bill committed.

9° dprilis.

A. 1795.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Qiieftion severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Mansion House, called Hall,

and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of Roger Jennings, the Younger, Esquire, deceased, with the Appurtenances, in Trustees, in Fee Simple, in PoflYflion, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, and for Sale thereof, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the B'll in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Kighley to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and several other Roads therein respectively described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Kighley to Halifax aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-

berforce, Mr. Goddard, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing the Damage done by the late Floods to certain Bridges, and to the Road, near the Town of Doncaster, and for making the said Bridges

and Road safe and commodious for Travellers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-

berforce, Mr. Goddard, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge over the " River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, " in the County of Oxford, and making commodious " Avenues thereto, for widening some Part of the

High Street and the Market Place, for lighting and " watching, for regulating the Footways in, and re-" moving Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances

*« from, the said Town," so far as the same relates to widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fillart, Mr. Buxton, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Seve- Wootion tad ralty, the Open Fields, Lot Ground, Common Mea- Bcreihiii dows. Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground, in committed!* Wootton and Borefoill, in the Parish of , in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-fittart. Sir John Call, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Reoortof further Consideration the Report from the Committee Binforraifinj of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a undforthe* Certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stew- Navy, furtbtr artries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committeeo* a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Regula- tion of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation " of Br'ttish-made Spirits from England to Scotland,

" and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Vote of Credit Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise Bjji comnut-the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Thcufand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Biiltocontir.ue Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to AftforEn-

1 . n, - _ couragfment

continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty- of the Biitift sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encourage- porte ‘

" ment of the British Fisheries," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the

Bill,

fell) for amending fnreral Law4 relative to tkc Curtomt re*

fctpinrtgLawi Bill reported. k (Customs.)

Committee on Militia Pay Bill.

35 Geo. III. 90 April 409

Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wirhthe Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Provisiens of an Act, made in the Thirty-folmh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, Wherries, Smacks, or Yawls, of any Built whatever; for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs; and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with *c respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize " Goods in this Kingdom," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time tipon Monday tMorning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the discontinuing the Duties payable ori the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain Vol. L.

1 . 1 ,«,

called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty* fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to registeror deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been bmitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped j to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wafti, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir WilliaGeorge and Angles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits fof Home Consumption, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Coltfon, from the General Poll Office, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the *« Honourable House of Commons, requiring a Copy ‘f of the Notice (transmitted to His Majesty's Postmatter General in pursuance of the Act of the Fourth " Year of His present Majesty, Chapter 94th) That

5 M * Sir

Indemnity Bill

committed.

ExphrngLaw* Bill committed.

(Extifc.)

Return to Older for Copy of Sir Benj. Hammet't Notice to the Port m after Oeneral9 prt-fented.

410 io°

" Sir Benjamin Hammei had authorised and appointed John Hammet, Esquire, to sign the Name of Sir Ben- jamin Hammet, and to write the Superscription of his Letters."

Aprilis, 179S*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper Was read*

The said Paper is as followeth $ vise.

RETURN to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, requiring & Copy of the Noticd (transmitted to His Majesty's Postmaster General, in pursuance of the Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter 24th) That Sir Benjamin Hammet had authorized and appointed John Hummed Esquire, to sign the Name of Sir Benjamin Hammet, and to write the Superscription of his Letters.

— - — ( ----- ----- - — .....- — . — ---- ----- ----- ----- ---- i. ----- a

The most diligent Search has been made for the Notice sent by Sir Benjamin Hammet, authorizing John Hammet, Esquire, to sign his Name, and to write the Superscription of his Letters* but the same cannot be found. It is imagined, that in the Removal of a Multi* plicity of Papers from the old Inland Office to the present One, it has been loft.

Charles

Inspector of Franks*

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

p*y appointed Re/ohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning*

aCo^mfueeto resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eoufider of in- consider of indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Go-GovernoT«f&c. vernors> a°d Persons acting as such, in the India in the Weil islands* who have permitted the Importation and Ex-iodia islandi. portation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bot* toms.

The other Order of the Day being read }

Lottery Bill Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-defemd. ing^, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House*

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 1 o°;

Anno 35* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1755. Prayers.

M«nberadded /JRDERED, That Mr. be added to

K'XbZ\n the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and Aftitiridincio- bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition lute Bill. of the Most Noble W Henry Cavendish, Duke of Portland, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners or Proprietors of, or interested in, the several Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in A in the County of Nottingham.

KirkkyinA(h- Mr. Bridgeman presented to the House, according

bill reitnud' to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in Act.fteld, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received* and read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door they were called in and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and pet*t;i»n Commons of the City of 'London, in Common Coun- London cil assembled.

_ . 1 j Thames and

And then they withdrew. isis Navigate*

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of Bai* the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual* an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " to explain, amend, and enlarge* the Powers of so " much of Two Act^ passed in the Eleventh and Fifi*

" teenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" for improving and completing the Navigation of <c the Rivers Thames artd Isis, from the City of Lbn- don, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of " Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers*

from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City " of London, near Staines, in the County of MiddlefeXi " to the said Town of Cricklade," and for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said' present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of dlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts', and Setting forth. That One of the Objects of the said Bill is to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as restrains the erecting of any Lock, or Pound Lock, on the said River of Thames, between the City Stone, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, and Boulter's Lock, near Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, and to empower the Commissioners for carrying the said Act into Execution to erect Two Pound Locks, with Weirs across the said River, between those Boundaries, one in the Parish of Eton, in the County of Bucks, and the other in the Parish of New Windsor, in the County of Berks j and that the Petitioners are advised the said intended Pound Locks and Weirs will, if erected, be attended with the most pernicious Effects to the Navigation of the said River, particularly to that Part within the Jurisdiction of the Petitioners, and for the Improvement of which the Petitioners have, from Time to Time, expended large Sums of Money j and that some of the other Powers and Provisions, contained in the said Bill, are improper and unnecessary, and may prove prejudicial to the said Navigation, and injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may

affect

feochdale Halifax, and El-land Road Petition reported*

Aberdeen

Roads. &c. Petition reported.

35 Geo. lit. \<f Aprilil 41 i

affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now (lands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fir.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, appointed for putting in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of leading

over a certain craggy Mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns bf Halifax and Elian d, in the County of York, as well as of the Mortgagees of the Tolls and Duties arising bn the said Road, as of other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; And,

Mr. Richard Holt, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, and the Road effectually repaired, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged. — And he added. That it will be necessary to make some Increase in the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be £iven to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Tcrrrs and Powers of Three Acts made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York: And that Mr, Blackburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare^ and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fergufon reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of Alexander Alexander

Irvine, Andrew Robertson, fames Cumine, John Durno, George Still, Robert Turner, Alexander

Brelner, John Gordon, Alexander Carnegie for himself and Robert Udny, Patrick for Archibald

Farqubarfon, and William Farquharftcn, and Alexander

Moir, Esquires, all Commissioners of Supply, and Landholders, within the County of Aberdeen, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative 10 Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Reporc in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

a Member present informed your Committee, That the-Roads leading from Aberdeen, and the other Roads in the Petition particularly described and mentioned, lying within the County of Aberdeett, arc very much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious, and in some Places dangerous to Travellers, arid Canrtbe be sufficiently amended* widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the Methods prescribed by the Laws now in Force for that Purpose. — That the Powers and Authorities granted by Law respccting Highways; Bridges, arid Ferries, and the Services thereby allowed to be exacted in Scotland on that Account, are not sufficient, for making, repairing, improving, and maintaining the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries it) the said County; and that it would be a great Advantage to the County, if Powers were given to erect Gates or Turnpikes, and to levy reasonable Tolls and Duties on all and each of the said Roads, and also to convert the said Services into Money, and to impose* in certain Cafes, an additional AlTcflinent on the Heritors or Proprietors of Lands in the said County, for making, repairing, improving, and maintaining the said Highways, Bridges, and Ferries: And that it would also be a great Accommodation to all Persons residing near the said Roads, or having Occasion to travel along the fame, if they were properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen: And that Mr. Fergufon and Mr. Allar~ dyce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, or commuting, the Statute Labour in the County of Aberdeen: And that Mr. and

Mr. Allardyce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the District of Roads from Bridge to

Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District of Road, so far as the same relate to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading to Colder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Balmore, to or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near Law-

muir,to the Town of Old Kilpatrick; and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over to

Prevan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

bald Edmonstone, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to the Right honourable John Earl of Upper Offory, his Heirs, and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty in and upon The Haye, or IValk, of Faming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and also the Reversion of certain Offices, Rents, and

Tnclibelly Br.dgc and , Giafgovr, &£« Roads Bill committed.

Bill for granting to Lord OfTory Fart of Rockingham Forest, patted-

St.Botolph Poor Bill committed#

Mr. Hobart to carry Henlow Inclosure Bill to the Lords.

Voice* to Committee on Brigrtock and Stanton, &c. See, Inclosure Bill.

Bishop of Ely'* Etiate Bill committed.

Bill for continuing Latfage and KailaiUge Adhprcftmed*

412

A. 1795.

and other Hereditaments, in the said County of Northampton (to which the Paid Earl of Upper OJfory is entitled for Three Lives, under a Grant from His present Majesty) upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same, Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Sill do pass: And that the Title be, , An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Right honourable John Earl of Upper OJfory, his Heirs,

and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Eftatfc, Right, Title, and Interest remaining ih His Majesty in and upon The llaye, or Walk, Farthing Woods, in the

Fore ft of Rcckingbarh, in the County of Northampton,

and also the Reversion of certain Offices; Rents, and other Hereditaments, in the said County of Northampton (to which the said Earl of Upper Offer} is entitled for Three Lives, under a Grant from His present Majesty) upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Heathcote do carry the Sill t6 the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effVftual assessing and collecting of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, in the " Parish of SaintBotolph, in the Liberties

" of the City of London for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and for the Employment, Maintenance, and Regulation of the said poor therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wat-kin Lewes, Mr. Alderman See.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Henlow, in the County of Bedford, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in and Stanion, in the County of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of Sudborough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green, and also, for setting out and allotting Lands, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington Chafe, in the said County of Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing l'uch Common Rights, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend fames Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant certain Estates in the Isle of Ely, now holden under Three Leases in several smaller Parcels by l'eparate Leal'es, was read a Second Time."

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. thorne, Mr. Charles Yorke, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee t« to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, «on(Wer of to consider of indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant GovCTnor»,te. Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation Iudl* and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Fo* reign Bottoms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the' said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion,

When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said reported Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring ih a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant GovCrhorS; and Persons acting as such, in the West Indict Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods a;nd Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

And Mf. Hobart mo^ed the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill ordered* for indemnifying Governors* Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the India Islands, who have permitted tilt Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms:

And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare,- and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report from Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- sroTch Dtwtf ferred to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-third lery A6*. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of made Spirits '

" from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to tc England, for a limited Time," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland,

" and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from " England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England,

for a limited Time," as imposes Duties on Licences to be taken out by Distillers of Spirits in England for Exportation from thence to Scotland, which was to continue in Force until the ill Day of December 1795, an^ frorn thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of Britiftj-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, was committed, to olfer a Clause pursuant to the said Resolution.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Resolution for Address be presented to His Majesty, to congratulate ^ng*«tuli-His Majesty on the Nuptials of His Royal Highness tion on the the Prince of Wales; and to express the cordial Satisfaction which His faithful Commons feel on an Event, wales.

which

Die. ized by

35 Geo. III. 10° Aprilis.

CoflDimttfe

appointed to

draw ip Ad* drc&i

Address reported, and agreed to.

Coegrefala*

boo to tb* Qacn on ibe Hvptiali of the Fraccof Wales.

Coagratula-tory Message to uc Prince and PHoctls of Wakt#

which promises to gratify the WHhes of His Majesty's faithful Subjects, by augmenting the Domestic Felicity of His Majesty and His illustrious Family, and by affording additional Security to the Enjoyment of those Blessings, which have been experienced, in these Kingdoms, under the aulpicious Government of the Princes of the House of Brunswick.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Mr.

the Earl of Mornington, the Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir George William

burgh Evelyn, Mr. Charles Yownjhend: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reporred from the Committee, appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followethj viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, most humbly beg Leave to congratulate Your Majesty or. the Nuptials of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales j and to express the cordial Satisfaction which Your Majesty's faithful Commons feel on an Event, which promises to gratify the Wishes of Your Majesty's faithful Subjects, by augmenting the Domestic Felicity of Your Majesty and Your illustrious Family, and by affording additional Security to the Enjoyment of those Blessings which have been experienced, in these Kingdoms, under the aofpicious Government of the Princes of the House of Brun/wick.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House. as are of H is Majesty's most Hbnourable Pri^y Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleafufe, when He Will be attended by this House.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the House do congratulate Her Majesty on these happy Nuptials.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Titchfield, the Master of the Rolls, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Charlei Townshend, Mr. Greville, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, Lord William RuJJell, Mr. Sir George Corne-

rs} all, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Evelyn, Sir Henry Gough Callhorpe, and Mr. do attend

Her Maitfty with this Congratulation.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That a congratulatory Meftjge be sent to their Royal Highncffes the Prince and Princess of W, on this joyful Occasion.

Ordered, Thar the Far! Gower Sutherland, Mr. Ryder, the Lord Torchester, Lord William Gordon, Mr; Charles Yorke, Mr. Adams, Mr. , Colonel

Phipps, the Earl of Dalkeith, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Douglas, and Mr, Pybus, do attend their Royal High-nefies with the said Message.

▼«te of Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of

A4ni(*UHo. t*1's House be given to Vice Admiral Hotham, for his ts*w, Good- late meritorious Exertions in the Command of His all, fu.be. Majesty's Fleet stationed in the Mediterranean.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of Vol. Lt.

this House be given to Vice Admirals and Sir

Hyde Parker, Knight, for their late meritorious Exertions in the Command of His Majesty's Fleet stationed in the Mediterranean.

Resolved, Nemiite Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Rear Admiral Linzee, for his late meritorious Exertions in the Command of Hisi Majesty's Fleet stationed in the Mediterranean.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House ' doth acknowledge and approve the meritorious Conduct of the several Officers, Seamen, and Marines,' under the Command of Vice Admiral Hotham, in the late Action with the French Fleet.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Re-folutioos to Vice Admiral Hotham.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Hour? refelew* House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. *

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attend- Proceeding* r ance of Sir Benjamin Hammet in his Place; relative to sit

And Sir Benjamin Hammet attending in his Place Ham* accordingly;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses " in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters " and Packets free from the Duty of Postage," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Lift of the Members, who, in consequence of Bodily Infirmity, ' have appointed feme other Person to frank their Letters, which was presented to the House upon the 30th Day of March last, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the Honourable House " of Commons, requiring a Copy of the Notice " (transmitted to His Majesty's Postmaster General in " pursuance of the Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter 24th) That Sir Benjamin " Hammet had authorized and appointed John,

" Esquire, to sign the Name of Sir Benjamin " and to write the Superscription of his Letters,'* which was Yesterday presented to the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; .

Sir Benjamin Hammet was heard in his Place*

And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That it appears to this House, that Sir Benjamin Hammet has deputed a Person to exercise the Privilege of franking for him, not being in such a State of Bodily Infirmity as to entitle him to take Advantage of the Clause in the said Act for that Purpose, and that he has delegated that Trust, for Two Years^ to his Son i

A Motion was made, and the Question being pur, other Order* That the other Orders of the Day bfe now read j of *he Da*

The House divided. . *

The Noes went forth.

Tdkrs for the Yeas, J } 59-

Tellers for the Noes, j J V-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the Ofdrr of the Day being accordingly read. Bill for rtgiC-for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for requiring alt Boats, $uvigaiion»f Barges, and other Vessels of certain Descriptions, used deferred, on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations,- in Great Britain, to be registered;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

5 N The'

Receipt! additional Duties Bill deferred.

Scotch Distillery additional Duties Bill deferred.

Way! and Means deferred.

Supply deferred*

Sea Insurances Duties re-committed Bill deferred*

Committee on Vote of Credit

Bill.

Militi.« P^y Bill repeated*

414 109 April1795*

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, ro whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to H^s Majesty;

Resolved;That this HoOfe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Commitree of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon *ThursdayMorning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathine of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, was committed;

Mr. Hobart reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Lew, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide AdmiiTions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted, to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transrr.it Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for allowing further Time to such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, W'asti, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to; to continue fa

much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George B'Shop and Angles BiJJjop, tp carry on the Manufacturee of Geneva; and

to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of t;he Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Wafti, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for* granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered,

Committee on

Indemnity

Bill.

Expiring Laws Bill deferred,

(Excise.)

Committee on Lottery Bill*

till for mtk* ing Stock raised in Ireland transfer-rable in England, ordered*

Barnard Castle

Inclosure Bill presented.

Halifax Church Bill committed.

Blackwater and C.'helmer Navigation Bill committed*

Mackerel Fishery Bill committed*

Hagworthing-ham inclosure Bill committed*

35 Geo. III. 10° —

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Part of certain Principal Sums or Stock and Annuities, raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom of ,on

Loans, for the Use of the Government of that Kingdom, transferrable, and the Dividends on such Stock and Annuities payable, at the Bank of , and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Hobart> do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock

t

Lunce, 130 die Aprtlis;

Anno 35" Georgii III. U Regis, 1795.

Prayers. '

MR. Bur don presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Barnard Castle, in the Parish of Gainford, and County of Durham, called Barnard Castle Moor, The Little Moor, Glenton Green, and ‘The Baiting Steads: And the same was received j and read the First Time. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Wilberforce, &cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. ' .

A Bill for improving the Navigation of the Rivers Blackwater and Chelmer, from a Place called Collier's Reach, to a Place called Fullbridge, and from thence* towards Beeleigh Mill, and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said River Chelmer below Beeleigh Mill, to that Part of the said River lying above Beeleigh Mill, in the County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holden Strutt, Mr. Bramston, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the Encouragement of the Mackerel Fishery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Thai the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Hagworthingham, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, ‘Junior, Sir Job* Thorold, fire.i And they are to meet

0 /Iprilis. r 415

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clopk, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pasture Land in the Parish of ham, in the County of Lincoln,called The Cow Pasture, comprizing or including certain Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of IVintringham, called 'The Marsh, Rotten Sykes, Low Groves, and tVefiern Greens,. and other

Land or Ground lying between the same Pasture and the River Humber-, and for dividing and apportioning certain other Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the same Parish, called The and

Closes -, and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclohng a certain Piece, of Pasture Land in the Parish of IVintringham, in the County of Lincoln, called The Cow Paf.ure, comprizing or including certain Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of IVintringham, called The Marsh, Rotten Sykes, Low Groves, and Greens, and other

Land or Ground lying between the same Pasture and the River Ilumber-, and for dividing, inclosing, and ap-

portioning, certain other Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the same Parish, called The Closes and Hall Closes-, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of divers Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Estates, entitled, in respect thereof, to Commonage Rights in certain large and extensive Open Grounds, called The Isle Commons, situate within the several Pari fhes of Epworth, Belton, Haxey, and, Owjion, in the

1 fie of Axholme,in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read: Taking Notice of the Bill for divjding, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the several Parishes of Epworth, Haxey, Belton, and Owfton, in the Isle of Axholme, in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes; and Setting forth. That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be very detrimental to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners, and they find the same contains certain Clauses and Provisions, which will, if carried into Ef-jfeft, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and several other Persons interested in, and entitled to, the said Commons and Open Grounds: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, that the same may not pass into a Law, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty King the Se-

cond, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York:

And the same was received j and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

§ Mr.

Wintringb»T« Inclosure Bill palfed.

Petition from Proprietors of Estates entitled to Commonage Rights in Tno Hie Commons* against Ep-worth, Haxey, & c. kiclosure and Drainage Bill*

Rochdale, Halifax, and Ealand Road Bill pi efented*


Wi*«n and Vrcfton Roul Bill Reported.

Burn If v and Bury Road Bill pafltd.

Worflty and

Painington Cana} Ml polled.

C-unton Inclosure Bill

i ported.

416

*3

A. 1795-

Mr* Blaekburne reported frorti the Committee, to

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an iyft, of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from gan to Preston, in the County Palatine of

was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tfue; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevetai Amendments thfcreunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he, read the Report in his Places and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments} in at thfe Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Onee read throughout} and then a Second Time} One by One } and, upon the Question severally put thereupon} were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill} with the Amendments, bfe irtgrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, improving; and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of to the Turnpike Road leading from Bury to at or'near

Eder,field Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the same County, was read the Tturd Time.

Resolved, Thac the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,to the Turnpike Road leading from Bury to Haslingden, at or near Chapel, in the Township of Higher End, in

the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. ftlackburn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, to make a Navigable Cut from his present Navigation, in the Township of Worfiey, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Township of Painington, near the Town of Leigh, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Oause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for securing the Property of Mines.

And the said Clause was Thrice read} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made,. Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill}

Pr. t. 1. 15. To leave out " and

Pr. 2. 1. 21. To leave out Painington " and insert Pennington" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Ta^le accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass t And that the Title be, An Act to enable the most Noble Duke of

Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cut from his present Navigation, in the Township of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Township of

nington, near the Town of Leigh, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Padure, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Townships or Hamlets of Beefthorpe, Earljhaw, and Knapthorpe, and for exonerating the said Townships or Hamlets, and also the Hamlet of Dean Hall, all in the Parish of,

in the County of Nottingham, from the Payment of Tythes, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of thfe Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties edneerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 6 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of 32 Acres, who was applied to} but returned no Answer} and that the whole Property to be inclbfed consists of 783 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr* Gaily Knigb be added to the Member addti Gentlemen; who are appointed to prepare, and bring ^"^'1". in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of doTure Bill* Edward Croxhall, Esquire, of Shuftotne, in the County of Warwick, and William Smallwood, Gentleman, of Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the County of Claimants of the Manor and Soil within the Township of Aldridge otherwise Aldrich, in the said County of Stafford, and the Reverend John Wilde, Rector and Impropriator of the Tythes within the same Township, and the humble Petition of the several Freeholders within the said Township* who have Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Township, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,' for and in Behalf of themselves- and others, interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands.

1

Mr. Gaily Knight presented to the House, according Aldrich Into Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Lordship or Liberty of Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the County of Staf-

ford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gaily Knight be added to the Member added Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring *? br'n*'*

r»-n r r \_ rr L r» r North Leverton

in, a Bui, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of and Habirf-Francis Ferrand Foljambe, Esquire, George Mason, Ef- *horB?Ine,* quire* Ralph Walker, Gentleman, and the several other sure ‘ Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, and interested in Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of North Leverton and Hablefthorpe, otherwise Apefthorpe, in the County of N

thorpe Inclosure Bill prc« fented.

Mr. Gaily Knight presented to the House, according NorthLeverto* to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open *"dHab,rf-Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of North Leverton and Hableflborpe, otherwise Apefthorpe, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gaily Knight be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring5 in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Henry Baron Middleton, and the humble Petition of Francis Ferrand , Esquire,-

and the several other Persons, whose N ames are there-o unto

Member added to bring in SoutfcLzverron InclosercBtth

fonthLererton Inclosure Bill prclented.

petition from

Refurt* ir. the

Savoy against the Bill for widening the Pafl*get at Temple B^r and Snow Hill*

J4r. Hobart to carry Cheddar Inclosiue Bill tothcLtfds.

Bill for widening the Pa (ft gea at Temple Bar and Snow Hill committed*

Pet'tion*

against referred, and Coun-kl ordered*

35 Geq. III. 130 Aprilis. 417

unto subscribed. Proprietors of, or interfiled in, Lands and Grounds in the Parish of South within the Manor of Oswaldbeck Soke, in the County of Not-

tingham.

Mr. Gaily Knight prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South Leverton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received j and read the First; Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Refiants and Tenants of the Manor of the Savoy, in the Dutchy of , in

the County of Middlesex, whole Names are tnercun-

der-signed, was presented to the House, and reau; Taking Notice of the Bill for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of M >ney for those Purposes j and Setting forth. That the said Bill will, if passed into a Law, injure the Petitioners, and the other Re-fiants and Tenants of the said Manor: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may nbt be passed into a l.aw, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the lame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Cheddar, in the County of , and

delire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

A Bill for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir kin Lewes, Mr. Alderman , &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Freeholders and Leafeholdt-rs, having Estates in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and others and also, the Petition of the Committee, elected and appointed in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint dement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and certain Places adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and also of Seager, a Creditor on the additional Rate of the Optional Street or Place, called Butcher Row, in the said Parish; and also, the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes; and also, the Petition of several Refiants and Tenants of the Manor of the Savoy, in the Dutchy of Lancaster, in the County of whole Names are thereunder-signed (which were presented to the House upon Thursday last, and this Day) be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be 1 eard, by thtmfeU'es, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be ar» Instruction to the said Committee, Thatthev do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Vol. L.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

General Adeane reported from the Committee to March E>r»ia* whom the Bill for amending Two Acts, of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, and the *° Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, so far as r lates to the draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Township or Hamlet of March, in the Iflr of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given ti eir Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 393 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property affected by the Billconfifts of 4.139 Asres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before th£

Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hi n to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qtlef-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Stratton St. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste committed.* Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Stratton Saint Margarett, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Goddard, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the B»rjbro«frfi several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, iQc(>ibre Bill within the Manor of Barlbrough,in the County of P*®*1, Derby, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following, were severally proposed to be made to the Bill} viz.

Pr. 34. 1. pit. To leave out or lying near."

Pr. 35. 1. 15, To leave Out " or lying near."

1. 27. To leave out *< or lying near."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House f - .

and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the IVianor of Barlbrough, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and principal In- Petition in habitants of the several Parishes within the County ''r/vent of Middlesex which adjoin the Metropolis, on Behalf the fteaf.m; of of themleives and the Public in general, was prefimted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill more effectually to prevent the dealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

O A Petition

418

i 3° Ap

A. 1795

Petition from A Petition of several Persons exercising the Trades dener^Malt an^ B°fincffcs of Fruit Gardeners, Malt Distillers, Diitiiien, kc, Maltsters, Brewers, Starch Makers, Potters, Brick toamwd jUt* and Tile Makers, Soap Boilers, and Bargemasters, forbetter Ob. was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice servation of the of the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act,

Lord's Day.

passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An " Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, " commonly called Sunday and Setting forth. That, from the Nature of the Trades or Businesses the Petitioners are engaged in, many of them will be very great Sufferers, if not totally ruined, unless they are

allowed to exercise the same upon some Part of the paying a small Postage.

with the Amendments, ill at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and Newspapers, from the Duty of Postage.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the BU1> to permit Soldiers and Sailors to receive Letters on

Lord's Day, in like Manner as it is at present allowed by Law to other Persons in certain Cafes, as the Articles the Petitioners manufacture and deal in will be otherwise greatly injured, and, in many Instances, wholly spoiled, while in other Instances the Process of their Manufactures will be obstructed, and their Effect defeated: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and that they may have Leave to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, in Support thereof, and that such Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Relief of the Petitioners, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling Soldiers and Sailors to fend Letters on paying a small Postage.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,: directing that Franking in Public Offices shall be abolished, and that the Letters lent and received shall be paid for by Public Money, to be imprested to such Offices respectively for that Purpose;

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in th

Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Peti- Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-

cion, if they think fit.

iToweefter Koftti Bril committed.

Southern Whale Fish-eiies Bill pic-

fated.

Bill for indem-jvfyioE Governors, &<*. in the West India Jfl.mfh, pje-Lnted.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in

Repair, the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Harding-

fton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys,

Mr. Dickins, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five- of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ryderpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to be then ingrossed.

Order, a Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India 1 (lands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

tituled, " An Act for preventing Frauds and Abofes in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters " and Packets free from the Duty of Postage," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; .

The said Clause was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Member shall be authorized to depute Person to frank for him, without Leave first obtained from the House.

And the Question being pur, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third

Bill so Continue Act for En-c on rapt-1 lent of the lintiill Fisheries de* fened#

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Thirds Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Committee That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the several Frauds, and Abuses, in relation to the fending AWesrefpea. or receiving Letters and Parcels free from the Duty ^s^licof-of Postage, by Clerks and others in Public Offices, en- feet, titled to fend or receive such Letters and Parcels, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Bill forreeu-1-iting the rii-vilcge of Flanking, reported.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the " British Fisheries," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report io his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

T'liers for ,he Y'as' 1 Mr! /W:

Tellers for the Noes

Mr. Rose,

Mr. Charles Long:

53-

40.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Dent, Sir George Augustus William ShuckburghEvelyn, Mr. Buxton,

Sir William Mordaunt Milner, Mr. John Pollexfen Bastard, Mr. Langfton, General Smith, Mr. Rclle, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. William Mr. Charles Long: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The

J

35 Geo. III.

130 Jprilii.

4i 9

Bill to amend The Order of the Day being read, for the House oWeivation*of to re *ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Lord'sDay, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, lontb»or S, X Pa^e<^ ‘n Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign °n of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's " Day, commonly called Sunday,"

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

for ,he Yeas,

43-

1

1

44-

43-

!Mr. Grey, 1

Mr. 50.

Taylor:

So it passed in the Negative

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

posed. That this House will, t.pon this Day Six

Months, resolve itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

Question, by leaving out the Words " this Day Six

Months" and inferring the Words " Friday Morn-

" ing next" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words

this Day Six Months" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

c I, C Mr. Howard,

Tellers for the Yeas, Mr s,ur,.

Tellers for che Noes, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committal on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House AHow-'* to itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to Mill- upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, «ia officer*. to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair. v Mr. Minchin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Minchin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Holart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Vote of Credit Mr. Holart, according to Order, reported from the B.il rtyciud. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Mil-

Ixmfry Bill lepened.

lions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,; in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. - .

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be> . ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Expiring Law* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, '(Excite!)*1" upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits^ and for regulating the Exportation ef British-iTiiiAe Spirits from England To Scotland, and from Scotland to England; tp continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to

carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the indemnity BtU Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to "P0"'11* indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officer? of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rcfe presented to the House, According to Or- Bill for mak. der, a Bill for making Part of certain Principal Sums or Stock and Annuities, raised or created, or to be uan f'cnabie raised or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom *" fjnfed,'d'

of p

Committee on Act to contU mie. and amend, Act* for r-guiativig the shipping of h'Uvet*

reported.

Bill ordered.

Militia Pay Bill puded.

Jli'.l to prevent the stralirjr of df'<i Bodies, dcferitd.

Bill fur amending ti vet.»!

Law; r. I nitre

to the Cuiioms, palkd.

410 130 — -140 Jprilis. A. 1795.

of Ireland,on Loans, for the Use of the Government " and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom," of that Kingdom, transferable, and the Dividends was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

on such Stock and Annuities payable, at the Bank of RefolThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title England, and for the better Security of the Proprietors be, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Company of the Bank of England: And the same was present Majesty, to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, Wher-received j and read the Firlf Time. ries, Smacks, or Yawls, of any Built whatever; for

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. amending an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually The House was moved, That an Act, made in the to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Cuf-" continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, an toms; for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-third Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, in- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

* tituled, 44 An Act to continue, for a limited Time, ,f An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with and to amend, several Acts of Parliament for re- " respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize " gulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Goods in this Kingdom and for authorizing the te Vessels from the Coast of Africa" might be read. Commissioners of Excise at to grant Licences

And the same being read accordingly; to Manufacturers and Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise at solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to burgh. consider of the said Act. Ord, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. The other Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue Expiring!.*-.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on cer- ‘

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That tain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and . he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign when the House wiil please to receive the same. Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the difean-

Ordered, That the Report be now received. tinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tal-

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said low, Hogs Lard, and Grcafe; and for making perpe-Committee, that he was directed by the Com- tual an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the mittee to move the House, That Leave be given Reign of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Expor-to bring^iir'a Bill for regulating the shipping and tation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron carrVing Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to pre-Africa. vent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly. in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring i'n a Bill for Seas, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morn-regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British ing.

Vessels from the Coast of Africa: And that Mr. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ScotchDirtiU Hobart, Sir William Dolben, and Mr. Wilberforce, -do the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to

prtpare, and bring in, the fame. His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in Scot- d-fared.'

land, and on the Exportation of Spirits An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the from to Scotland, and from Scotland to Eng-

Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great land, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morn-Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the ing.

Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hun- Refo, That this House will, upon Wednesday Waysand dred and Ninety-five, was read the Third Time. Morning next, rclolve itlelt into a Committee of the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sopp'y called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty- Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the dt*rnt^* fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Nirietv-five. to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill more effectually to prevent the

Healing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying ~ '

Grounds, or other Places of Interment;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time 14

upon Friday Morning next. *

Apr ills,

The Bill (now ingrossM) for extending he Pro- Anno 3S' Georgii III"* Regis, i79J.

visions of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of p -the Reign of His present Majesty, to Cutters, Lug- Rayers.

gets, Shallops, Wherries, Smacks, or Yawls, of any A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford The Lord* Built whatever; for amending an Act, made in the and Mr. Walker: h*e agreed to

Twenty^eighth Year of the Reign of Mis present Ma- Mr. Speaker,

jesty, more eftcftually to secure the Performance of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An F!nft)Urr Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relative to Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an SquarePafing, the Revenue of Customs; and for amending an Act, Act, made and passed in the Thirty-first Year of &C-B,:r-made in the Thirty-tnird Year of the Reign of His the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of " for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering,

" the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing " repairing, and keeping in Repair, Square,

f " in

35 Geo. III. 140 421

" in the Parish of Saint Luke,in the County of Mid. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

" dlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and cer- Act for making a Navigable Cut from Grand

c< tain other Streets and Places communicating with, ,in the Precinct of Norwood, in the

" or near to the said Square, and for preventing or County of to in the said County;

removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the without any Amendment: And also,

same j" without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Bury and HaC. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty- and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- Trinity, otherwise Tirley, in the county of;

tituled, *« An Act for amending, widening, turning, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the " varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And *f from a certain Dwelling House in Bury, now or late also,

in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Hajlingden, and from thence to the East End of Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open " Salford Bridge,in Blackburn, and also the Road from and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Hajlingden aforesaid, to the East End of Cockjhut Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in " Bridge, in the Town of Wballey, and also the Road that Part of the Parish of WroUgbton, in the County of from Hajlingden aforesaid, through New Church and Wilts, which is situate, lying, and being, in the HunBacup, to Todmorden, and for making a Road from dred of Eljlub and Everley; with some Amendments; the said Road between Bury and Hajlingden, in the to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concur- Township of Walmerjley,to the River Irwell, and for rence of this House: And also,

" building a Bridge over the said River, all in the . The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for County Palatine of Lancaster," as relates to the First naturalizing Felix Vincent to which the Lords

District of Road therein mentioned; without any desire the Concurrence of this House.

Amendment: And also, And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

LtuNow.fcch The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

rcry^&c!*0' Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of The House being informed, that Mr. from

KoadtBilh the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amend- the Treasury, attended at the Deor, he was called in;

ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads lead- and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant ing from Ludlow-facb, in the County of Carmarthen, to their Address to His Majesty, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence, through An Account, shewing how the Money given for the the Town of Llangadcck, to the River Amman, and fie- Service of the Year 1794 has been disposed of, dif-veral other Roads communicating the rewith; without tinguished under the several Heads, until the 14th Day any Amendment: And also, of April 1795, and the Parts remaining unfiatisfied, with

Alton Abbot* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An the Deficiency thereupon. 1 Xiiclosure Bill. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common And then he withdrew.

Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within And the Title of the said Account was read,

the Parish of Aston Abbots, in the County of Buckingham, The said Account is as followeth; viz,

without any Amendment: And also.

Vol.L.

5 P

An

Norwood and Paddington Canal Bill.

Trinley Inclo-Cure Bill, with Amendment*

Wrought on Inclosure Bill* with Amend* rnents.

The Lords have patted

Raper'a Nat* Bill.

Account of Dispottiion of Grants presented*

An Act CO MPT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1794 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 14th Day of ' ' 1795* and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

o

eg'

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

S E R V V C E S.

To Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 85,000 Men, including 12,115 Marines, from the iff Day of January 1794 - —

Fo- the Ore inary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1794 ——

To vr.rds the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and abore what arc proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1794 —

£ s. d.

4, 199,000 — — 558,021 n 3

— ‘ — 547*31° ——

V

V

For Ordnance, Sea SerVice ——

For Ordnance, Land Service — ~ ——

For the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, previous to the 31st Day of December 1783, and not provided for by Parliament - _ — — —

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in

For "defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in

o

s

HI

"For defraying the Charge of 60,244 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, including those in Guernsey and Jersey, in Flandt.s, on an Expedition under the Command of the Earl of Moira, and on Board the Fleet, including the Charge of Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Mailers, and for Serjeants, from the 25th Day of December 1793 to the 24th Day of*December 1794, both inclusive — . — »

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Mailers, Surgeons, and Serjeants, from the 25th Day of December 1793 to the 24th Day of December 1794* both inclusive — For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments of Five Regiments of Foot, serving in the West Indies, at Gibraltar, and on Board the Fleet, from the 25th of December 1793 to the 24th Day of December 1794# both inclusive — — .

For the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Battalions of Foot, for Service in Bast India, for the

For defraying the Charge of Recruiting, Contingencies, and of the Allowances of Bread and Necessaries for His Majesty'-s Land Forces, of the Allowance of Extra Feed to the Cavalry in Great Britain, and of the Charge of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year

For defraying the Charge of Levy Money, and of Horse Furniture and Accoutrements, for the Augmentation to be made to His Majesty's Forces, in the Year 1794 - —

For defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, GuernJ'ey, and Jersey, in Flanders, and under the Command of the Earl of Moira, for the Year 1794 ——

For defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia in South Britain, of several Corps of Fencible Men in North Britain, arid of a Corps of Fencible Men in the lfle of Man, from the 25th Day of December 1793 t(> l^c 24tn Day of December 1794, both inclusive — —

For defraying the Charge of Contingencies, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Poundage, for embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Men, in the Year 1794 ——

For defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1794 — —

For defraying the Charge of Seven Regiments and Forty Troops of Fencible Cavalry, to be raised for Service in Great Britain, from the 25th Day of April 1794 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive — — — — _ —

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of, His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Companies, from the 25th Day of December 1793 to the 24th Day of December 1794. both inclusive — — — — *

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Mullers, to the Judge Advocate Genera), to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, and of the Amount of "the Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1794 — — — *

£ d.

221,000 —

701,736 3 8

576 *9 5

9*5 4 3

611,419 it 8

3°*35° 3 6

£ d.

1^92,812 12 2

677,682 12 4

50,279 13 4

8>3*3 J7 ioi

219,500 ——

210.000 — 97>389 1 1

687,420 14 —

160.000 — —

V3653 3 9

300,117 i6 6 39,n8 16 7

— 64,790 18 3

Sums voted or granted.

£ v.

5*3°4»33* 11 3

1,566,008 2 6

Sams paid.

£ /. d.

3,946,12a 19 —

Remains to be paid.

s. d

1,358,108 12 3

1,566,008 2 6

412 140 Aprilis. A. 1795.

For the reduced Officeri of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1794 ——

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Private Gentlemen of the late Troop of Horse Guards, for the Yeir 1794 —

For the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1794 — — — _ —

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1794 ——

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1794 —

For defraying the Charge of Pcniions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the fame, for the Year

For defraying the Charge of the In and Oot-Pensioners of Cheljia Hospital, and the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1794 —

For defraying the Charge of Corps transferred from the Irish to the British EstabliQunent, and of Augmentations to His Majesty's Forces, for several Periods, in the Year 1793 - — —

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the 25th Day of December 179a to the 24th Day of December 1793 - — _ —

For defraying the Charge of 18,000 Hanoverians, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1794 — — —

For defraying the Charge of 12,000 Men of the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJe Cajftl, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1794, pursuant to Treaty ——

For defraying the Charge of 3,000 Men of the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJe Damfladt, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1794, pursuant to Treaty - — — _

For defraying the Charge 0/754 Men of the Troops of the Margrave of Baden, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy for the Year 1794* pursuant to Treaty — ______ _

To enable His Majesty to make good His Engagements with the King of Sardinia — — — — _

146,843 10 IO

*56 9 1

3»oco — — 55.092 10 — 4,907 10 —

9*93* *9 3 151,742 5 10

— 185,667 15 6

808,805 14 4 538,874 ——

304,309 ——

102,073 — —

24,067 ——

200,000 — —

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the ift Day of January 1794 to the ift Day of January 1795 —

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1794 to the 24th Day of June 1795 —

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from the 31st Day of December 1793 to the 31st Day of December

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John, in America, from the ift Day of January 1794 to the ift Day of January 179c —

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1794 to the 24th Day of June

For defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers of the Island of Newfoundland, from the ift Day of April 1794 to the ift Day of April 1795; and also of a Patent under the Great Seal, creating a Court of Civil and Criminal furifdittion — — — — - —

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama ljlands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift Day of January 1794 to the ift Day of January 1795 " — — —

For defraying the Charge of the Salary to the ChicF Justice of the Bermuda or Somers ljlands, from the 24th Day of June 1794 to the 24th Day of June

For defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the ill Day of January 1794 to the ift Day of January 1795 "

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1793 to the 10th Day of OBeber 1794 — —

To be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa _ _ _ _

For the Expences of the new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of Scotland, for the Year 1794 — — —

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Mint, in the Year 1793 - _ _

For the Purpose of defraying the Expences of the Board of Agriculture, for the Year 1794 ——

To be advanced to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the Company in carrying on their

To be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Accoraptof the Commissioners for the Reduction of the

To John Far bill, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissionera for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of the said Commission — — — _ _ — — __ _ — —

To make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of the Hoofe of Commons — _ — —

To make good the like Sum issued to James Marquis of SuUsbury, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, for the Expence of rendering the House of Peers more commodious, by warming and ventilating the fame, pursuant to their Address - —

To make good the like Sum issued to sundry Persons, on Account of the fullering Refugee Clergy and Laity of France ——

To make good the like Sum issued to Sir William Chambers, on Account of Works at the Fleet Prison _ _ _ _ _

To make good the like Sum issued to D°, on Account of Works at Sowurfet Place, and for Fixtures at the Signet and Privy Seal Offices, and the Offices of the Duchies of Lancaster and Cornwall - — _ — — — *

To make good the like Sum issued tojofepb White, Esquire, to pay the Sum alieffed on the Salaries of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accompts, and their Officers, for Land Tax, for the Year 1790; and to John Wigglesworth, Esquire, to pay Arrears to sundry Persons from the Office for auditing the Public Accompts, to the 30th Day of July 1793 ——

6,636,560 — 9i 6,636,560 — 9f

5.3*5 — 5.3*5 — —

4»4®° — 4*4°°

6,450 _ — 6.45° — —

1,900 — — 1,900

1,800 — — 1,800 — —

1.344 1 6 *.344 i 6

4«25° - — 4»25® - —

580 *9° — i —

600 _ _ 600 — ——

4*795 8 2 4.79 s 8 2

13,000 — _ 13,000 — —

4,500 18,844 12 4 3,5°° l8,§44 12 4

3,000 — — 3,000

5,000 — - 5,000 — —

200,000 — — 200,000 — —

'>435 *9 6 M35 *9 6

46,619 l3 7 46,619 *3 7

,7$ 11 4 °4 27,092 11 4 io4

3.57* 8 * 3.376 8

9»*55 6 9 9*25S 6 9

1,814 15 4 *,8*4 *5 4

290 — —

1,000 — —

35 Geo. III. 140 Aprilis.

g

(Q

f+

n'

0

Q.

cr

o

To make good the T.ke Sum Blued to If tliiam Chmncry, Esquire, for the Discharge of Debts contracted by Master Tull?, late Agent and Consul General at Tripoli — To make good the like Sum issued to John Ma>yh and John Sprang?*-, Esquires, as a Comp'nfation for their Trouble in enquiring into, and reporting upon, tae Cafes of Performs who fuitained Loiics on evacuating the Mujquito Shore, in consequence of the Convention entered into by His Majesty with the King of Spain,

To make good the like Sum issued to Patrick R:oney Nugent, Esquire, Acting Surveyor General of Lands at Cape Preton, on Account of Surveys, and other

To make good the like Sum issued to the Bishop of Quebec, for Expences in proceeding to his See; to Alexander Davison, Esquire, to reimburse Expences in purchasing Stationary for the Surveyor General's and Printing Offices in Upper Canada; to John Reeves, Esquire, for Expences in the Admmillration of Justice at Newfoundland; to William CLinnery, Esquire, to discharge $u ns due to the late Attorney General of Nova Scotia, for Grants of Lands to the Royalilts; and to the Keprelentatives of Philip Tinge, Esquire, for S. hry due to him as late Surveyor of Lands in Georgia ——

To make good the like Sum hlTd to ll tilt can Pollock, Esquire, as the Balance due to him on Account of the Commissioners appointed for enquiring into the Laws, &c. of the 1 lie of Jerjet — — — — ~ — —

To make good the like Sum issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, to reimburse to Samuel Starbuck, Junior, who carried on the Whale Fishery in Nova Scotia, and w ho arrived at Milford Haven in order to settle in this Kingdom, the Losses fuitained by him in consequence of the Sale of his Property by such Removal, and

To make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have futfered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government — — A ——

To make gcxxl the like Sum issued for His Majesty's Service Abroad, between the 5th Day of January 1793 an<^ the 5*h Day of January' 1794 — —

To make good the like Sum issued to the late Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues,

belonging to the Crown, and their Officers — . — — — — " — —

To make good the like Sum which has been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hajlings, Esquire —

To make good the like Sum which has been issued for the Expences of fending Provisions and sundry Articles to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of the

Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convidls at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament — To make good the like Sum issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convidls on the River Thames, and which has not been made good by Parliament - —

To make good the like Sum issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convidls in Langfton and PortJmouth Harbours, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued out of His Majesty's Civil Lilt, to sundry Persons, between the 14th Day of February 1794. and the 5th Day of April following ——

For the Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereupon as shall become due on or before the lOthDay of October 1794, on all the Orders made out, pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in consequence of the Cefiion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain — . ~ — — — _ — —

for the Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereupon as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1794, on all the Orders made our, pursuant to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in consequence of the Cefiion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain ——

To John Wilmoth Esquire, late One of the Commissioners for American Claims, for a Clerk employed to deliver out Certificates signed by the said late Com-

Sufferers, et al.

c'j 3lii, Cap. 29, for

For Rewards to the Officers of the Exchequer, for managing, directing, and paying the Orders made out for the Relief of the American Suffe To Thomas Marsham, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners appointed for issuing Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, by an Act 330 Gc

the Purposes therein mentioned, for Expences incurred in the Execution of the said Act ——

To Robert Jennings, Esquire, ro be applied for the Trouble and Expences of himself, and other Officers of the Exchequer, in making out and paying off the Exchequer Bills, issued pursuant to an Act 330 Gee} 3lii, Cap. 29. for the Purposes therein mentioned ——

To the Ufficr of ffie Excn. quer, for Necessaries furnished the Office for making out, issuing, and paying off the said Exchequer Bills — *- —

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1792, at Lady Day 1794 — — —

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1792, at Michaelmas 1794 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1793 - — - - —

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 2,oco,cco in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of *n Act 330 Geoij 3tl1, and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in Parliament for the Service of the Year 1794* together with the Interest and Charges attending the same — — " —

To pay off and tiifeharge the Principal Sum of £, 2,oco,oooo in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of One other Act 330 Geo1} 3fli, and charged further upon the First Aids to be granted in Parliament for the Service of the Year 1794, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same — —

To pay off and diflffiarge t le Principal Sum of £. 1,500,000 in Exchequer B 11s, made out byr virtue of an Act 330 Geo. 3*, for the Cfcs and Purposes therein mentioned, and charged upen the First Aids to be. granted in the next Session of Parliament, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same — To the Liber of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Exchequer Bill Offices - — - —

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for rtceiving, paying, and accounting for £, 11,000,000, raised by\Annuities for the Service of the

2,111 I — 1,084 15 —

66 9 9 11

M°4 10 6

537 12 6

00 18 —

19.500 — —

14.585 10 6

2.043 — —

10,749 3 8

19,820 8 10

11 >395 4 8

13>576 17

15*77 9 7 i

211,295 6 H

5.6,796 7 6

242 19 6

1,160 — —

3,000 — —

1,500 _ —

1,188 15 io£

216,822 5 10

286,683 7 10

475,022 13 io£

1,085,617 — 5

!,077,764 6 3

>553>49 2 H 2

„ S48 2 CA

8,863 H 2

2,111 I —

1,084 15 ---

669 9 11

1,504 10 6

5371* 6

248 18

19,500 — — 14,^85 10 6

2,04.3 — — 10,749 3 8

19,820 8 10

11,393 4 8

13,576 17 8f

>5*77 9 7i

209.673 4 2

53,145 6 6

242 19 6 1,160 — —

3,000 — —

1,500 " —

1,188 15 lof 216,822 5 10 286,683 7 10

475,022 13 lof

2,085,617 — 5

2,077,764 6 3

L553'49* H *

779 2 6l

8,863 14 2

1,622 2 6£

69 — 3$

424 140 jSprilis. Jt. 1795.

o

r

To D° - - - for Discounts, on prompt Payments to the Contributors of the said £. 11,000,000 - — —

To D9 ----- ---- to be by them distributed and paid to and amon-tl the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in a Lottery, granted for raifm^ £. 740,666.

13 j. 4^. for the Service of the said Year 1794 ——

To D* ----- ---- for receiving the Contributions to the said Lottery, paying the Prizes, &c. and for Discounts on prompt'Payments to the several Contributors —

For the Charges and Expences in preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering oat Certificates in lieu thereof —

To enable His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for tae Service of the Year 1794, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may requiro- ——

Whereof has been iffiaed at the Exchequer to the Paymaster of the Forces, for Army Services, See. — —

To the Treasurer of the Navy £. 60,000, to be advanced for the Value of the Prizes taken by die Fleet under the Command of Lord Urwe, which, being a Naval Service, was therefore paid over to the Paymaster of the Forces, and applied likewise for Army Services ——

£. s. d. 2,440,000 — —

60,000 — —

1,500,000 — —

Towards fadsfying the fame.

There remains in the Exchequer of Contributions to a Lottery 1794 To be raised by Exchequer Bills on the Malt Duty —

The Deficiency of Ways and Means to satisfy the Services

184,465 13 — 500,000 — — M73 12 9 11,300 2,500,000 — — 184.46513 — *573 >2 9 7,800 — 2,500,000 — — 500,000 — — 3,500

24.164.07718 9 22,295,837 2 8 1.868,240 16 — $

— — £ ' 27.230 11 3f 248,037 9 51 1 ' *75^68 — 9 ‘ ,'59*^72 ,5

D

ca

N

CD

Q.

cr

o

WAYS and MEANS for answering the fame:

ldtmdurr %

p

2,000,000 — —

750,000 ~ — 231,841 l6 IO

1,848,084 15 9$

2,000,000 — —

1.500.000 — —

2.500.000 — —

11,000,000 — — 740,666 13 4 511 17 6

a2.571.10s 5J i.592^7» »5 3l 24,164,077 18 9

sb.

By 4 per £. Land Tax.

By the Duty on Malt, continued Anno 1794.

By the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on the jth of April 1794.

By the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund arisen between the said 5th 0(April 1794 and the 5th of Ap 1795 (being£848,915. 4s. short of the Sum of £. 2,697,000, for which the same was

fiven by Parliament.)

xchequer Bills, charged upon the first Aids granted for the Service of the Year *795.

By Exchequer Bills, charged further upon D®.

By Exchequer Bills, charged upon the first Aids granted for the Service-of the Year 1795.

By Annuities.

By a Lottery.

Profit by Forfeiture on not completing the whole Payments on Fifty Lottery Tickets, which were returned into the Exchequer, and were, fold for £. 13. 19/. 2 d. less than the Amount of the Subscription-Price of £. 18. ior. 4d. fer Ticket.

Deficiency of the Ways and Means*

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; «jV.

For the late African Company's Creditors — — —

For Georgia Bills, residue of £. 15,496. 19/. 1 \d. — —

To make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 4 J per Cent« granted Anne 1783 — To complete £.600, granted Anno 1788, for the Salary of the Chief Justice of Dominica - ~

Ta pay Principal and Interest of Orders made out pursuant to an Act 28* Geo'1} 31", for the Relief of American Officers, and Persons who have suffered by the Cession of East Florida, and charged on the Supplies for the Year 1789 — To pay D* made out pursuant to the said Act, and charged on the Supplies for the Year 1790 — — »

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 30° Geei) 3*11,

To pay D® made out pursuant to an Act 28® Gedi 3lil,

plies for the Year 1791 — —

To pay D® made out pursuant to an Act 30® Geo;j 3tU,

To pay D® made out pursuant to an Act 28® Gedj 3tU,

plies for the Year 1791 ——

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 30® Gedj 3tU, and charged on D° —

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 28° Geoti 3*u, and charged on the Supplies for the Year 1793 ——

To pay D° made out pursuant to an Act 30° Geo'j 3tU, and charged cn D° — For the Civil Establishment of Cape Bretcn % charged on the Supply for the Year

and charged on D® — and charged on the Sup-

and charged on D° — and charged on the Sup-

For Salaries to the Officers of the Bahama JJlands, D® — —

For D* ... to the Chief Justice of Dominica, charged on the Supplies 1793 —

c

d %

la 1o

?7° *7 7| *3 Si

816

*77 1 —

733 4

396 17

3 14

529 S'0|4 10

662 18 3»26o 12

9lo 18

5

4|

,0I

10

7k

Ik

*6oo ______

2>014 ______

Presented the 14th Day of April 1795, by

W► Speer,

35 Geo. III. 14° dprilis. 425

416

140 Apr ills.

A.

*795

fcaland and Lf-eds Road Petition re-I>orted.

Petition from Owners oft Estate* and Occupier* of Old inclosed Lands in bat* ington against Eatington Inclosure and Church Bill.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for the Care of the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Ealand to the Town of ,in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is ^s followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of , in the West Riding of the County of York, was read. — And,

Mr. Janus Hebdeit, being examined, said. That the Trustres have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Mon^y, which (lill remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, some further Powers granted, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr, Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open Fields, and of other Estates, in the Pnrish of Eatington, in the County of Warwick, and a!so Occupiers of Old inclosed Lands, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields within the Hamlets of Upper Eatington and Falready, in the Parish of Lower Eating-ton, in the County of Warwick, and for taking down and re-building the Church of the said Parish; and Setting forth. That the said Bill contains a certain Clause requiring the Commissioners to award to the Vicar of the said Parish, and his Successors, Lands in Lieu of all the Vicarial Tythes arising within the Hamle's of Upper Eatington and considering

such Tythes as payable in Kind j and that the Petitioners, instead of paying Vicarial Tythes in Kind, have heretofore immemorially paid a certain Modus or Compofuion in Lieu of all such Tythes, which Modus they conceive ought not to be abandoned, as by the Bill is intended; and the said Bill also contains certain other Clauses, giving to , Esquire,

therein mentioned, some particular undue Advantages, which will, if carried into Effect, be highly prejudicial to the Petitioners, and divers others: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Cour.fcl, against the said Powers in thq said 1);11, and that the same may not pass as it now Hands; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, Tnaf it be an Instruction to the said.Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. ~ -

( , .*

A Petition of the several Barge Owners and Barge Petitions in Matters, navigating the Riyer Th from the Town of Leachlade, the City'of Oxford, the Towns of iflewonh

don, Wallingford, Newbury, Reading, Henley, and Mar- Ca!ul Blli*

low, the Villages o^Wooburn and Head for, and the T owjr.s of Maidenhead and Windsor, to _t h 5. Cj t y of , whose

Names are thereuntp subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Carmarthen, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the county of ; ,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Gendemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town- of Stafford, and' the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of >

whose Names are thereunto fpbscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the: several Gpqtlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of and the Neighbourhood thereof. In the County of w»hose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others: And allii,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for making' and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames,called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or. near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish:of Iflewprtb,in the County of Middlesex:

And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such'Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to

ti'.e

A Petition of the; Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of their Co-partners, Lessees for Lives of the Navigation of the River Trent from Wilden , in the County of Derby, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to the , at or near

Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Newcufle under Lyme, in the said County; and Setting for.h, That the Petitioners apprehend, should the said Bill pais into a Law as it now Hands, they shall be greatly injured in their Property: And therefore praying, That they may be- heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect or injure their Property, and have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Right nonouraole Henry Earl of

Uxbridge,was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner apprehends, if the said Bill, as it now Hands, should pass into a Law, it will greatly injure his Property: And therefore praying, That he 8 may

Petition from certain Le fleet of the Wilden Ferry Navigation nrpinft Stoke upon Trent and Newcastle under Lyme Canal BilU

Petition from* the Earlof Ux« bridge againtb

V° Bill.

Petition from Sir Nigel Bow-yer Grefley against Stoke upon Trent and Newcastle under Lyme Canal Bill.

Highgrne and Batt c Bri lgef &'Road* Bid passed.

March Drainage BUI pa fled.

t#p<1fcrJ and Kimholton Read Bill reported.

35 Geo. III.

14° Apr ills.

may be heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect or injure his Property* and have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Sir Nigel Bovjyer , Baronet, was

likewise presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner apprehends, if the said Bill, as it now (lands, should pass into a Law, it will be greatly prejudicial to his Property: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect dr injure his Property, and have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fif.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Art ingrossed Bill for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Hamlet of High gate, in the County of through a

certain Lane, called Maiden Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, to a certain Place, called Battle Bridge, in the same County, and the several other H ig>nvavs and Foot Paths, in the said Parish of Mary, Islington (which are not included in any Turnpike Acts) and to enable the Inhabitants of the said Parish to raise Money for that and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Hamlet of in the County of Middlesex, through a certain Lane, called Maiden Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, to a certain Place, called Battle , in the same County, and the several other Highways and Foot Paths, in the said Parish of Saint Mary, Islington (which are not included in any Turnpike Acts) and to enable the Inhabitants of the said Parish to raise Money for that and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending Two Acts, of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Township or Hamlet of March, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending Two Acts, of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Township or Hamlet of

March, in the Isle of El, and County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General A do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report from tie Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and altering the Road leading from the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, to the Fnd of a L<-.nc called Park Lane, in the Parish of Kimlcltcn, in the County of Huntingdon, where the same adjoins the Turnpike Road leading from

417

bolton to Eaton Socon, in the said County of Bedford, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same ro be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, Onfe by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Townships or Hamlets of Caunton, Beejlborpe,

shaw, and Knapthorpe; and for exonerating the said

Townships or Hamlets, and also the Hamlet of Dean Hall, all in the Parish of Caunton, in the County of Nottingham, from the Payment of Tythes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Townships or Hamlets of Caunton, Beejlborpe, Earljhaw, and -thorpe; and for exonerating the said Townships or Hamlets, and also the Hamlet of Dean Hall, all in the Parish of Caunton, in the County of Nottingham, from the Payment of Tythes.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Right honourable Martin Bladen Lord Hawke, and the Right honourable Charles Cocks Lord Sommers, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, Vestrymen, and Commissioners for carrying into Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Eighth, Tenth, and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving, the Parish of Saint Mary It Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 16th Day of March Idft, Notices were given in The Daily Advertiser, The Times, and True Briton, Thiee different Days in the present Month of April, and that Notices were also given at the last General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, of an Application having been made to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 20th of May 1791, relative to Paving, Lighting, and Cleansing Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Marquis of Titchfield, Mr. " Jodrell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill

Cauntdn Tri« cloture Bill patted*

Petition figrl-fyin* chat Notices had been g ven of the Application for altering and enlarging Powers ot St. Mary le Bonty Paving, &c*

Aa$.

Kiikby in AflifieM Inclosurc Bill committed.

Wigan and Prtiton Road Bidl patted.

R^pcfley and Humby Inclosure Bill committed.

Palir.er'jEfhte Bill wported, and patttdi

B‘m! for rr*k-

irr A) I'-w* nc< to Vi'I.m i Ciii> Cr ra rcpoituu

428 140 Ap. A. 1795.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Litchfield, Mr. Burton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An irgrofied Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from Wigan to Prejion, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 29. After " same " to insert " and for of the Debts now incurred under " the said recited ACU"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House} and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and alrering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the Coifcty Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburr.e do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heaths, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ropejley, and in the Liberties or Townships of Great Humby and Little Hum by, in the Couiitv of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Junior, Sir John Thor old, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Palmer, Lfquire, in donning, in the County of Berks, in him, in bee Simple, discharged of the Uses in the Will of his late Father Robert Palmer, Esquire, and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in Sonning aforesaid, and Hurfi, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true? and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Min chin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Gfhctns of the Militia, in Time of Peace, was committal!, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Pla'c; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill Be read the Third Time upon Thurjddy Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be giveti to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Execution, of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to ftrve in Parliament: And that Mr. Thomas Grenvy Mr. Powys, Mr. Charles Townfhtnd, Sir George Cor new all, the Matter of

the Rolls, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Hujfey, and Sir William Pulteney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain of the Household reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Friday last) humbly to know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He would b* pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at , to the Memory of Captain Faulknor, who commanded His Majesty's Frigate Blanche, and who fell gloriously on the 5th of January 1795, *n an Action with the French Frigate La Pique, which was captured; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Debate arising in the House, upon the said first proposed Question;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

iMr. Secretary at ">

War, £ 29.

Mr. Ryder i J

Tellers for the Noes, Mrf} *

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the said first proposed Question; viz.

To leave out the Words " who commanded" and insert the Words " for his eminent Services in the " Expedition again!! the I Hands- of Martinique and " Guadaloupe, particularly at the storming of Fort " Royal, and for his diliinguiftied Conduct in the " Command of" instead thereof; to leave out the Words " and who fell gloriously," and after " 1795 " to insert the Words " when he fell gloriously."

And the Question being put, Thar the Words " who commanded'' Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " for " his eminent Services in the Expedition against the cc I (lands of Martinique and Guadaloupe, particularly at the storming of Fort Royal, and for his distin- guilhea Conduct in the Command of" be inferred instead thereof;

It was refoived in the Affirmative.

And.

Bill for rnori effectual E*e-cution of A&f for Trials of controverted E left ion s, ordered.

The Kin* appoints 10 be attended bytho House.

Addrest for erecting a Monument to the Memory of Captain

Faulknor.

Hill for more effectual Execution of A£U for Trial* of controverted Elections, prelected*

Receipts additional Duties Bill defcired.

Lottery Bill patted*

Expirin^Law Bill p»flferi. (Customs.)

35 Geo. lit. 140 — 15

And the Question being put. That the Words and who fell gloriously " ftaod Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative,

And the Question being put. That the Words " when he fell gloriously " be inserted after a 1795

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being-put;

Resolved^,.T\rxt an humble Address be presented to H is Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, to the Memory of Captain Faulknor, for his eminent Services in the Expedition against the Islands of Martinique and Guadaloupe, particularly at the storming of Fort Royal, and for his distinguished Conduct in the Command of His Majesty's Frigate Blanche, on the 5th of January 1795, when he fell gloriously in an Action with the French Frigate La Pique, which was captured; and to afiure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majrflv, by such Members of this House as are of H is Majesty's moil Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. 'Thomas Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

0 Aprilis. 429

sent Majesty, to prohibit the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the fedocing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

Ordered, That Mr. Rofo do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Traders, and Petition in other Inhabitants of the Town of and the "vol,ro

Neighbourhood thereof; in the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House; and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House ft)all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie uDori the Table.

Datchet and Isleworth Canal Bill*

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Com- Quorum of mittee, who are appointed to enquire into the several pointed to Frauds and Abufts, in relation to the fending or re- esquire inu» ceiving Letters and Parcels free from the Duty of Poll- '*

age, by Clerks and others in Public Offices, entitled Fiankina in to fend or receive such Letters and Parcels. Public offices.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to To report from report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the T,metoTimc» House.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Rofo do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act 10 continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax } to the discontinuing the Duties payable on tire Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; and to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-ftfth Year of the Reign of His pre-Vot. L.

The other Order of thfe Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of fecrotca^ah!!j!, the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to Duties Bill'1 His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in - defer»ed* land, and on the Exportation of made Spirits

from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 150 die Aprilis 5

Anno 350 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

THE Order of the Day being read, for the Second dmo! et and Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining BHI a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River deferred. Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet,in the County of Buckingham,

into the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex-,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Pierrcpontreported from the Committee, to st. Mary le

whom the Petition of the Right honourable Martin jJoneRq?Tins' Bladen Lord Hawke, and the Right honourable dered.' °* Charles Cocks Lord Sommers, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others,

Vestrymen, and Commissioners for carrying into Execution several Acts of Parliament, made in the Eighth,

Tenth, and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His

5 R present

Petition from tht Chelmer and Blackwa-ter Navigation Company against Black-water and Chelmer Navigation Bill*

430 150 — 160-

present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving, the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several printed Newspapers, called True Briton, Times, and Daily Advertiser, of the ill, ad, 3d, 4th, 7th, 8-th, and 9th of this Instant April, were produced to your Committee; wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of Parliament made in the Eighth, Tenth, and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving the Ciid Parish, are inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House, on the 16th Day of March last: And,

Mr. John Jones informed your Committee, Thar, agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notices of Application had been affixed on the Doors of the Sessions Houses for the said County of Middlesex, at Westminster and Clerkenwell Green, at the Easter Sessions.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 16th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Honourable and Right Reverend Shute the Lord Bishop of Durham, the Right honourable Martin Bladen Lord Hawke, the Right honourable Charles Lord Sommers, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, Vestrymen, Commissioners, and Trustees, of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing several Alts, made in the Eighth, Tenth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty;- for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes: And that Mr. Pierrepont, the Marquis of , Sir Martin

Browne Fclkes, Mr. Tudway, and Mr. Brandling, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Chelmer and Blackwater Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for improving the Navigation of the Rivers, Blackwater and Chelmer,from a Place called Colliers Reach to a

Place called Fullbridge, and from thence towards Beeleigh Mill, and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said River Chelmer, below Beeleigh Mill, to that Part of the said River lying above Beeleigh Mill, in the County of Essex; and Setting forth. That the said Bill, if passed into a Law as it now stands, would be prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners, by diminishing the Tonnage Rates payable for Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, passing on their Navigation, and would also be prejudicial to their Navigation by depriving them of Water; and, the said Bill would also be, in other Respects detrimental to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

-170 Aprilis. A. 1795.

1

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the fahne Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- way* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole defet* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply defer; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

jfovts, 160 die Aprilis $

Anno 35# Georgii IIItU Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

THE House met; and being counted by Mr. House ad.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were iourned' not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

V1merits 170 die Apr tits;

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

MR. Fergufon reported from the Committee, to Colonel Mac.

whom the Petition of Colonel Duncan Mac- pherfoiTsPeti. pherson, of Cluny, was referred; That the Committee t,on rePort*d< had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the faime was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable " His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former " Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the " forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under «c the Management of a Board of Trustees, by an " Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign " of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the fame," was read; whereby it was enacted, that it should be lawful to His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner, the Son of Ewan Macphcrfon, late of Cluny, and his Heirs and Assigns, all the Lands and

Estate

35 Geo. Ill* 170 Aprilis, 431

Estate which became forfeited to his late Majesty by the Attainder of the said Ewan Macpherson, subject to the Payment of the S,um of £.5,138. 17 into the Exchequer in Scotland

And it appeared to your Committee, That only the Sum of £. 143. 14 j. 7 -rt dwas paid to the Representatives of ‘ 'famesMacpherson, of ,although

the Debt due by the said Ewan Macpbtrjon to the said James Macpherson,was (fated at its full Amount in

the Account of Debts by the said Ewan and made Part of the Sum of £. 5,138. 17 s. 1 tt d. with which the Estate of Cluny was charged by the said Act. — That the Public were benefited in the Sum of £.1,726. i8j. o\d.by the Manner in which the Debts were adjusted and settled before the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, and which Sum must have been paid by the Public to the Representati^es of James Macpherson, had it not been for a Bond due

from him to the said Ewan amount-

ing, with Interest, to the above-mentioned Sum of £. 1,726. 18 s.o I d. for which the Petitioner ought to have had Credit given him on Payment of the said Sum of £.5,138. 17 J. 11 Jchatged against his Estate by the said Adf.

It also appeared to your Committee, That the Sum of £.466. os. 6 d. was paid by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotlandon the 23d of February 1764, to Mr. William Frajer a Creditor upon the Estate of Cluny, being the Amount of a Debt due to the Petitioner's Father, recovered out of the Estate of Simon late Lord Lovat — That in the Year 1770, when the Creditors on the Estate of Cluny were paid their respective Demands out of a Sum voted by Parliament, the said William Frajer only received Payment of the Balance of his Debt, after deducting the said Sum of £.466. os. 6d. which he had received as aforesaid j by which Means the Public were benefited to the Amount of the said Sum, which had been recovered out of the Estate of the late Lord And, by the said recited Act, it appears that the full Amount of William Frajer's Debt is charged against the Estate of Cluny, without making any Deduction for the £.466. os. 6d. received by William Frajer, as before-mentioned.

It also appeared to your Committee, That William Frajer is (fated as being a Creditor on the Estate of Cluny, on the 25th of December 1752, in the Sum of £. 108. $s. id. (being the Balance of his Debt after deducting the said Sum of £.466. oj. and that Margaret Macpherson is also (fated as a Creditor on the said Estate in the Sum of £.129. 6s. oj^d. which Two Debts amounted, on the 25th of June 1746, only to the Sum of £. 179. 3 and instead

of the Estate of Cluny being charged with only the last mentioned Sum for those Two Debts, it was debited with the whole of William Frajer'& Debt, amounting, with Principal and Interest, on the 25th of , 1746 to £. 402. 16 /. 7 d.without any Deduction being made for the before-mentioned Sum of £.466. os. 6d. although such Deduction is made in a Report from the Court of Session, and William Frajer (lands only ranked as Creditor on the Real Estate for the Balance due to him. But as the Debt due to Margaret Macpherson is not charged against the Estate of Cluny by the dilannexing Act, it ought therefore to be added to the Balance of the Debt due and paid to William Frajer-, which Two Debts, amounting together in June 1746 to £.179. js. yd. being deducted from the Amount of William Frajer's Debt, charged on the Estate of Cluny, in June 1746, amounting to £. 402. 1 6 s.7 d.makes the Sum overcharged against the Estate of Cluny by the disannexing Act to be £.223. 12 s.tod. for which the Petitioner ought to have had Credit given him on Payment of the Sum of £ 5>,38- *7 * 11 -A d.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to

the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Fergujon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen: And the same was received 5 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estatetj Occupiers of Land, Traders, and Inhabitants, within the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 18th Day of February last, Notices of the Application to Parliament for deviating from the Line of the intended Navigation from Ivelchester to Langport, by making a Navigable Cut from Bicknell Bridge info a certain Drain called Port-

lake Rhine, were given at the last Easter Sections held for the County of Somerset, and by Advertisement in The London Gazette and The Bath Chronicle, in the Month of March Jaft, in such and the like Manner>as is required by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Applications for Navigation Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving and supporting the Navigation of the River Ivel, otherwise from the Town of Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the Parish of Huish Epijcopi, in the County of Somerset, and for making a Navigable Cut from thence into a certain Drain called Portlake Rhine, in the Parish of Langport, in the same County, and for making the said Drain navigable from thence to the River Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the Town of Langport, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. -burne, &c.: And. they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing several Acts, made in the Eighth, Tenth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of and for the

better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned } and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South Leverton, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Flujfey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of North Leverton and

1 otherwise

Aberdeen Roads Bill presented.

Pefhioh signi-Tying that Notices had been given of the Application for deviating the Line of thft Ivelcbeftefr and Langport Navigation*

St. Mary le Bone Paving, See. Bill presented*

SouthLeverton Inclosure Bill committed*

North Leverton and Ha-blefthorpe Inclosure Bill committed*

Woo:n>orougK Inclosure Bill pi cl'cnted.

East Stoke and

Kifion InHo-sure Bill predated.

Cleckheaton Inclosure Bill reported.

Ealanl and Lee<U Road Bill presented.

Dean Forest Roads Kill prefer ted.

432

170 Apr

A. 1795.

otherwise Apejlhorpe, in the County of

was read a Second Time. v.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pent, Mr. llujfey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pierrepcn!presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Nottingham:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the Tythings of Galconjb and Purton, and to the River Severn, in the Parish of Awrein the said County of Gloucester: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John IVodelooufe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in>-closing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Hockham, in the County of And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East and Elfton, in the County of Nottinghaand for ascertaining the Boundaries between the said Parishes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

Whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birjlal, in the West Riding of the County of Yorwas committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confe it to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 9 Acres, who dissented to the Inclosure; and that the whole Property to be inclosed conlifts of a 10 Acrfs} and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dirrfled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Wntrc the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of ,in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing, the Courl'e of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest to lead to certain Places in and near the lame; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads from the Bottom of a Place called 7he Viney Hill, in the said Forest, through the Tything of Etloe, and Dutchy to and through

Mr. Allardyc£ reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same; for the better supplying the Inhabitants withfrefli Water; and for the removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City, and Liberties thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee Had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who hare assented, difiented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and all'o the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sedgeford, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon the 25th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River or

Isis, at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of BerkSn to join or communicate'with the intended . Kennet and Avon Canal at or near the Town of Yrow-bridge, in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon die Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed, Thar printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door ro the Members of this House, upon the 28th Day of March last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill

Great Hockham Inclosuit Bill presented.

Aberdeen

Paving,

Bill reportedw

Sedgeford Inclosure Bill committed.

Report on Abingdon and T rowbridge Canal Bill fuf. ther consider* ed.

35 Geo. III. 170 Apr 43 3

BarnardCaflle A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors,

committed*'* Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Barnard Castle, in the Pari Hi of and County of

Durham, called Barnard , 'The Little Moor,

Glenton Green, and The Baiting Steads, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur-don, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Nrwciiti. A Perition of the Prisoners confined in His Ma-upon Ty.e jesty's Gaol of Newgate, in the Town and County of

tion!* eU* Newcajle upon Tyne, for Debt, whose Names are there-underwritten, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Qrlered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Much Mmie Sir George Cornewall reported from the Committee, reported*to *hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open FUlds, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Much March, in the County of Hereford, wascommit-ttd j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given theit Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at 35. 7 s. ji d. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands assessed at £. 9. 9 s. 1 d. per Annum, who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands assessed at t8 1 per Annum, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure is alTelTed to the Land Tax at the Annual Sum of 283. 2J. ii| d.-, and that no Person appeared before the Com-

tmittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Watford and Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom St. Aiban't the Bill for making and extending a Navigable Cut Sported.'11 from the Town of Watford, in the County of Hertford, to the Town of Saint Alban, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they haddireCled him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have afiented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and , afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Lapworth and Ordered, That Mr. Mills do make the Report from Canal bm* Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navi-

rep.rted, gable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lap worth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Vw.. L.

Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in thfc County of Warwick, was committed.

Mr. Mills accordingly reported from the said Committee. That the Committee had Considered the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal; and also, the Petition of the Reverend liam Windsor Fitztbomas, Proprietor of certain Shares of the Upper Part of the Navigation of the River Avon, referred to their Consideration, and had heard the First mentioned Petitioners, by their Counsel, no Counsel or Agent appearing on, Behalf of the Second mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone: through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have afiented; dififented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, iri at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table*

The House proceeded to take irftd fconsideration ford's Amen tithe Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- w"oughton tuled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosure Bill certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, ‘‘Sre*a w* Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in that Part of the Parish of Wrougbion, in the County of Wilts,which is situate, lying, and being in.

the Hundred of Eljlub and Everley.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 1. After "dividing"insert* allotting."

1. 6. Leave out " within" and insert " in " that Part of."

1. 8. After " Wilts" insert " which is fi.

" tuate, lying, and being in the " Hundred of Eljlub and ."

The said Amendrrtenrs being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships;

A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiefs Petition from . of Lands in the Parish of Waterbeach, in the County ° Wa

of Cambridge,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, terbtach

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Nd-tice of the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Kine'^Lynn Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of Drainage Bill; the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Naviga-. tion of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners will be greatly injured by a Clause in the said Bill, whereby it is declared, that the Commissioners appointed by the said Bill for the said Drainage, " shall " and may erect and supporr, upon the River Cam, or Grant, within the Space of Three Furlongs above " the Mouth or Lower End of Reach Lode, a new " Staunch of Piles and Open Work, with Tackld

5 S " to

454

174 Aprilis.

A. 1795.

w to put down and take up occasionally, with a Pound the Leett Bridge to join the Turnpike, by

Lock or Pen Sluice therein, and shall also make, Way of , Church High Pavement,

erect> and support, upon the said River Cam or Grant, Middle Pavement, Gate, High Street, and

next above the Mouth or Lower End of Boltisham Cow Lane, for widening the Entrance into the said 4t Leif, one other Staunch Pound Lock or Pen Sluice Town by Way of Chapel Bar, for paving and im- and Weir, with Tackle to put down and take up proving the fame, and for contributing, in common u occassionally, of XufBcient Pen Height and Level to with the several Trustees liable to repair the said Road " float loaded Boats, at all Times, into the present within the said Town of Nottingham, to the Improve- Pound Lock or Pen Sluice at Clayhithe," btcause, ment of the Road from Chapel Bar to the Top of the if such Staunches, or either of them, shall be erected Sand Hills, and for raising a Fund capable of being in pursuance of the Power to be given by the Act, the applied, at some future Period, to the widening, im-Petitioners Lands in the said Parish of Waterbeach, to proving, or re-building, the Bridges over the River

the Amount of 3,000 Acres, and upwards, will be constantly kept wet, and rendered wholly incapable of Culture: And therefore praying, That they may be -at Liberty, in the several Stages of the said Bill in the House, to Ihcw, by Evidence, the Truth of the above Allegations, and that they may be permitted to be

Trent, near to the said Town of , forming

Part of such Road.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave gi»ea. Circumstances set forth in the said Pension, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by t»e said Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants redding in the

heard, by themselves or Counsel j and, for the Reasons Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and above assigned, that the Petitioners may have such the Neighbourhood thereof.

Then a Petition of the Gentlemen and principal Noeingftam Inhabitants redding in the Town and County of the Bridge".^ Town of Nottingham, and in the Neighbourhood &c. Petition, thereof, was prefenred to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the lad preceding Petition: And praying. That Leave may be given 10 bring in a Bill for repairing the present Road iron the Trent Bridge to the Town of Nottingham, the

Petition Leave to present SLpetuion for repairing

Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed j and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at Chain and Flood Bridges, and also the Leen Bridge or. the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the the said Road, and for constructing such other Flood said Petition. . Bridges as may be thought necessary, and for making,

repairing, and widening, a Road from the Bridge A Petition of the Gentlemen and principal Inha- to join the Mansfield Turnpike, by Way of Hollow fcitants residing in the Town and County of the Town Stone, Church Side, High Pavement, Middle Pavement,

.....r_ of Nottingham, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, Gate, High Street, and Cow Lane, for the Road, wd was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, widening the Entrance into the said Town by Way of v««ii Bridg That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the Chapel Bar, for jpaving and improving the same, and mar Notting- House, that an Order was made, in the present Sef- for contributing, in common with the several Trustees ham, tec. See. fion, for limiting the Time for presenting Petitions liable to repair the said Road within the said Town for Private Bills to the 6th Day of February last; and of Nottingham, to the Improvement of the Road from that, Since the Time so limited. Four Bridges on the Chapel Bar to the Top of the Sand Hills, and fof Road from the Trent Bridge to the Town of Notting- raising a Fund capable of being applied, at some bam, have been, in Part, carried away by the late future Period, to the widening, improving, or re-Floods, and rendered unsafe and dangerous of Paf- building, the Bridges over the River near to

sage, and the Road greatly damaged, so that the same the said Town of Nottingham, forming Part of such is in the most precarious and ruinous State, and, if Road, not Shortly repaired, will become totally impaSTable; and that, in order to render the said Road fafeand commodious for Travellers, it will be necessary not only to Te-build such Bridges and repair the damaged Parts of the Road, but also to raise a great Pa. c of the Extent

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Smith, Mr. Pierre-

of the Road between Nottingham and the Trent Bridge, pont, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morn

and to erect other additional Bridges or Arches, sufficient for the Passage of the Water in Times of Flood { and that the said Road being in the Great Road from London to Leeds, by Way of Nottingham and Sheffield, along which His Majesty's Mail Coaches daily pass, and being also the only practicable Access

ing next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's.Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wilbraham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled.

to the populous and manufacturing Town of Notting- An Act for discharging the Barton of and

ham from the South, from which Quarter the Town Lands at and near Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, derives its principal Supply of Corn and Provisions of Part of the settled Estates of Sir Francis Basset, of every Kind, it is of the last and most urgent Necessity Tebidy Park, in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, to the Town, and the Public in general, that the said from the several Uses, Estates, and Trustsi to which

Sir Francis Basset's Estate Bill reparted) and passed.

Road should, as soon as may be, be rendered passable and safe for Travellers, Waggons, and Carriages of all Descriptions; but the Funds necessary for that Purpose cannot be obtained without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present a Petition, in the present Session, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the present Road from the Trent Bridge to the Town of Nottingham, the Chain and Flood Bridges, and also the Leen Bridge on the said Rgad, and for constructing such other Flood Bridges as may be thought necessary, and repairing, and widening, a Road from

for making,

the same now Stand limited, and for settling a Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass,

Datehet and Id c worth Canal Bill deferred*

Chattifley Inclosure Bill ‘ committed.

Hillingdon and Cowley inclosure Bill reported*

Petition from the Churchwardens and Orerfeers of the Parishes of St* Margaret and St. John, &c* &c. against the Poor Removal Bill.

35 Geo. Ill if Aprilis 43 g

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbrabam do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River *Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datehet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isleworth, in the County of , be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tithe upon this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Chapelry of Chattifley, otherwise , in the County of Worcester,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wigley, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parishes of Hillingdon and Cowley, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 9 Acres 3 Roods and 2 Perches, who refused to lign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of 7 Acres 3 Roods and 27 Perches, who had been applied to, but returned no Answer; and also, except* the Proprietor of 2 Roods and 27 Perches, who could not be found; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, consists of 336 Acres 2 Roods and 16 Perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint

Clement Danes, and "The Liberty of the Rolls, Saint

James, Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint,

Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars and Saint George the Martyr, Saint Mary le Bone, and Saint Pancras, all in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, although they approve of preventing the Removal of Poor Persons to the Place of their legal Settlement until they become chargeable, yet they beg Leave to acquaint the House, that there are certain Provisions and Directions contained in thp said Bill

which, if paired into a Law, will be attended with very great Difficulty and Inconvenience to the said several Parishes, and will not, as this Petitioners conceive; answer the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them lei ves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as they conceive will be injurious to the several Parishes aforesaid, and that they may have such Relief as the House shall think reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cohsideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; add that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee; upon their Petition, if they think lit:

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to Eaton Socon. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common. Fields, Meadows; Wades, and other [e^nmniwd. Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of'

Eaton SocoH, in the Churity of Bedford, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of '

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 111 Acre?, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors, of 657 Acres, who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of 25 Acres, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property to be inclosed consists of 4,212 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And some of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read & Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed. That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be rC-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committetf to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Blackburne presented to this House, according Edgeworth, to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Ioei°r|"J a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called of*n Edgworth Moor, in the Townlhlp of in the

Parish of Bolton in the Moori, in the County Palatine of Lancaftert And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read & Second Time;

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Torke be added to the Member added Gentlemen, who are appointed tb prepare; and bring ^JXmhorpe in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir inclosure fiui. William Manners, Baronet, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being all of them Owners of Estates in the Parish or Lordship of Londonthorpe, in the County of Lintoln.

Mr. Simon Torke presented to the House, according LondohtWb* to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pasture* Waste, and other Un inclosed P Lands apd Grounds, within the Parish or Lordship of Londonthorpe, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Sefcond Time.

Qrtfrrtd,

43 6

17° April is.

A. 1795.

Memberadded

to hi in*; in Spimegate, Houghton, and Walton, Inckdiuc Bill.

Spittlegate, Houghton, and Walton. Inclosure Bill presented.

Rochdale, Halifax, and K.iland, Road Ktll committed.

Committee on Fpworth, Haxey, ie, Inclosure and Drainage Bill to fend for Person*, Papers, and Records.

Ordered ', That- Mr. Simon Yorke be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir William Manners, Baronet, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being all of them Owners of Estates in the Lordship or Liberties of Spittlegate, Houghtand , in the County of Lincoln,

Mr. Simon Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Heaths, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberties of Spittlegate, Houghton, and Walton, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from; in

the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne, Mr. Bernard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the several Parishes of Epworth, Haxey, Belton, and in the Isle of Axbolme, in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer, Mr. Howard, Mr. Porter, Mr. Baker, Mr. Randyll Burch, Mr. Blackburne, Mr.

Abut'c* re

I peeing Flanking in

Member* add- cd to Commit-

to'cmjuire into and Mr. Hhomas Stanley, be added to the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the several Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the fending or re-Pii'.ihc otficev ceiving Letters and Parcels free from the Duty of Post.ige, by Clerks and others in Public Offices, entitled to fend or receive such Letters and Parcels.

King"«Answer Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House , for)^AaJr"i!.' atfendecl His Majesty on last, with their

congratulatory Address 5 to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Aufwer:

Gentlemen,

I receive with the most cordial Satisfaction this very loyal and dutiful Address, which is peculiarly gratifying to Me, as a fresh Proof of your conllant Affection to My Person and Family, and of the warm Interest you take in whatever affects My Domestic Happiness.

Queen's Answer ro Congratulation on the Nuptial* of the Prince o* Wale*.

The Marquis of Hitch field acquainted the House, That the Gentlemen, appointed to attend Her Majesty with the Congratulation of this House, had at-e ' tended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleaftd to say:

Gentlemen,

c

,1 am very ,1'enfible of the Zeal and Attachment of L the House of Commons for the King, and the Royal ") Family, on ail Occasions, and do not in the lead doubt t that they take considerable Share in the Joy on the present Occaffon.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hojord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, " intituled, "An Act for ordering the Forces in the " several Counties of this Kingdom," as relates to the " Militia of the City of London; and for the better " ordering the fame;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more " commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen, for erecting new Piers and Quays therein, and for regulating Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of, the said Harbour;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Holme upon the Wolds, in the Parish of Holme upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Padbury, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Henry Vane, Baronet, to take the Surname and Arms of Hempejl, pursuant to the Will of John Hempejl, Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Henry Gaily, Esquire, firuate in the County of Huntingdon, in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate, of greater Value, in the County of York, to be fectied in Lieu of the said Estate in the County of Huntingdon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted' a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel -ton Brydges, Esquire, and Elizabeth, his Wife, in the County of Kent, and City of in Trustees,

to fell or exchange the fame, and for laying out the . Money to arise by such Sale or Exchange in the Purchase of other Freehold Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also;

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to exchange certain Lands, Parc of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands in the same Shire, belonging to.himself in Fee Simple, and to .: :.. . to

House refolm to adjourn to Monday.

TheLmds

have agreed te

Bill to amend London Militia Act.

Bill to enable Petty Officer* ami Seamen to allot Part of their Pay.

Aberdeen Harbour B31*

Hoi roe upon the Wold* luciofuie Bill.

Padbury luciofure Bill 4

TcmprfT* Name Bill.

The Lords have passed

Gaily'* EftaiO

Bill.

Brydges Estate Bill.

Duke of Argyll'* Exchange Bill.

35 Geo. III.

17° Apr

437

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Duke of Ar-

change^ Bill An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

read. Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to exchange certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands in the same Shire, belonging to himself in Fee Simple, and to Archibald Mnnro, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for mak- Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for making "c«ti°Mi Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers

?iiia officer* of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be now read the

paired. Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved,'That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill forindem- A Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant

rewoM.&c m Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West the West India India Iflaods, who have permitted the Importation and mittMu' £°m* Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A8 for render- The House was moved. That an Act, made in this

ing effectual prefcot Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act

certain Orders r c . m r\ rv . n / *

in Council €< for rendering effectual His Majesty s Orders m resetting the «t Council of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of Eifcfu,1 °o be January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-coBiidered. five, respecting the Admission of the Effects, men-u tioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this " Country, to be Warehoused, and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in Consequence of such " Orders," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoltfe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act, and for making further Provision respecting the Ships and Effects mentioned therein, and the Duties to be levied upon the fame, and upon certain other Ships and Effects, being Butch Property.

Southern A Bill for further encouraging and regulating

\Vh?,le„Fishe* the Southern Whale Fisheries, was read a Second

ne» Bill com*

turned. Time. i

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon'fuejday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for reiru- . The Bill (now ingrossed) for further regulating the vile" e of Pri~ Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and'Packets Frlnking.read free from. the Duty of Pottage, was, according to the Third Order, read the Third Time.

Time' An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

Bill, by Way of Ryder, for abolishing Franking of Letters in Public Offices, and directing in what Manner such Letters shall be paid for.

And the said Clause was read the First Time,

Vol. L.

And a Motion being made. That the said Clause DebateonMo. be read a Second Time; - a°ci»ufeadinS

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; secondVimo

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- adjourned, posed. That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the W'ords " this Day" and inserting the Word " Monday " instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " this Day " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word Monday" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SuPP,y* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing how the Money Account of given for the Service of the Year 1794 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, un- fer7ed* *" til the 14th Day of April 1795, and t^c Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Bill for railing posed, That the ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Navy/read'he Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Bri- Third Time. tain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day u Sevennight."

And the Question being put. That the Word ft now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{The Lord Advoo

cate of Scotland, I 33.

Mr. Hobart: J

Tellers for the Noes, } 4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

5 T Ad

17° Aprilis. A. 1795.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for enlarging the Time allowed for raising the Men.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with certain pecuniary Penalties;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Re/olvtd', That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the -said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House'will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill $ viz.

Pr. 4. 1. ult. After " to insert " and the Villages of Newtown,

" fVilliamjlurgh, Smi thillsCar-

*« riage Maxwell-town, and

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Mens*n?cct"g Re/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

lami for the be. An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in N*vy, paired, the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account* r*» Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an East^india* Account of the Stock, per Computation, of the East Company, India Company, exclusive of their Capital Stock, on rdered. the ift of March 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Goods sold at the East India Company's Saks from the ift of March 1794 to the ift of March 1795 distinguishing the Amount fold in private Trade.

(Account* of The House being informed that Mr. Owen, from Annual Re- ti,e Directors of the East India Company, attended at

▼enues and , _ . , . _ *; _

Charges, See. the Dqor j he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-of the Raft in- fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, and ptftwT^1 the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Babar, and OriJJfa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads ot Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Col-

leftions, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Tax, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Babar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude\ dist the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 3. A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Babar, and Orijfa, and from

Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Tax, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sale of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1793-4, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Qude\ distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium for the said Year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in *the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tanjore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads Of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 6. A Companion of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and Settlements subordinate thereto, and in Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of ‘Tqnjore, Sec. Land Revenues, and Farms and

Licences, for the Year 1793-4, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same respectively, under the several Heads of Civil and Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, and Subsidies from the Rajah of fravencore. See. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of

Civil,

35 Geo. III. \f Aprilis 439

Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Bonifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame*: And

also,

N° 9, A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fub-ordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues and Customs, for the Year 1792-3, and of the Charges defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively, under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Amount of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N® 10 (a). An Account of the Expences of the Rcfidency of Fort Marlbro' and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N® 10 (b).An Account of the Expences of the Island of Saint Helena, and the Factory of , for

Three Years,according to the latest Advices: And also,

N® it. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the lft May 1794 to the 30th April 1795: And also,

N° 12. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 1 ft May 1794 to the 30th April 1795: And

also,

N° 13. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Government,

from the ift May 1793 to 30th 1794: And

also,

N° 14. A Paper, intituled, Information submit-ct ted to the Honourable House of Commons, rela-' tive to a General Abstract of the Estimates of the " probable Resources and Disbursements of the Prelidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and " Bombay, between the ift Day of May 1794 and the 30th Day of April 1795 And a »

N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company at their several Presidencies in The East Indies, according to the latest Advices, the

Rates of Interest which such Debts reflectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also, N° 17. An Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India between the ift May 1793 and the 30th April 1794 inclusive, agreeable to the Orders of 31st July 1787: And also,

N° 18. Abstratft Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the ift May 1793 to the 30th April 1794: And also,

N° 19. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the ift of May 1793 to the 30th of April 1794: And also,

N® 20. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from the ift of May 1792 to the 30th of April 1793: And also.

N* 21. An Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs, in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they flood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort *, and

Factory of Canton, according to the latest Advices t And also,

N® 22. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1793-4, together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency not added to the Invoice: And also,

N® 23. Annual Account, made up to the ift Day of March 1795, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof, together with an Estimate of the same for the Current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and other Effects, appertaining to the Company in Great and a-fioat: And also, 1

N° 1. An Account of the Stock, per Computation, of the East India Company, exclusive of their Capital Stock, on the rft of March 1795: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Amount of Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from the ift of March 1794 to the ift of March 1795; distinguishing the Amount fold in Private Trade.

Together with Lifts of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Selllon.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill more effectually to prevent the stealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon <Thursday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Be/blved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Roje, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, that have arrived from Africa in the British West India 1 (lands, between the 5th of January 1794, and the 5th of January 1795, with the Number of Slaves imported therein; distinguishing from what Part of the Coast taken on board, and at what Istand in the West Indies landed; also distinguishing the Men from the Women, and the Boys from the Girls; together with the Number of Negroes that died from 9 the

Bill to prevent the dealing of dead Bodies* deferred*

Southampton and New Sarum Canal Bi ft patied*

Account of Vessels arrived from Africa in the West India islands with Slaves* ordered*

44° J7° 1795.

the Time of their being taken on Board till their Ar- mage to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and like-rival in the IVtfi Indiesj so far as the same can be wifeobftruft the Navigation of the said River, and made up. render the Supply of Corn and other Provisions f>r the

Metropolis very uncertain and precarious: And there-Vote of Credit Ordered', That the Bill (now ingrossed) for ena- fore praying, That the Restrictions contained in the

Bill pa&d. bling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Mil- said Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the

lions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing the Erec-Purposes therein mentioned, be now read the Third tion of Locks and Weirs on the said River of 'Thames, Time. between Boulter's Lock and Staines aforesaid, may not

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third be repealed or altered.

Time. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Resolved', That the Bill do pass t And that the Title Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for

be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum amending and rendering more effectual an Act, palfed

of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present

the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned. Majesty, intittiled, " An Act to explain, amend, and

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the " enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, palfed

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign

" of His present Majesty, for improving and com-Blil for regis-. Re/olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- " pleting the Navigation of the Rivers and

o^lnland 'n6 next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole " , from the City of to the Town of -

Navigations, House, upon the Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, " lade, in the County of as relates to the Navi-

deterred. anc| other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Na- ,c gation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of the vigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great " Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in Britain, to be registered. " the County of to the said Town of -

" lade" and for extending and enlarging the Powers Se» Insurances Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of of the said several Acts, palfed in the Eleventh and

<kfcm&U f^e whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Ma-

Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, was jesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and re-committed, be received upon Monday Morning completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from > next. ' the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in

the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in ExpiHngLiw* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- the County of Wilts, is committed, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, An ingrafted Bill for repairing, widening, and al" made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His pre- tering the Road leading from the Town of Bedford, in sent Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties the County of Bedford, to the End of a Lane called in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Park Lane, in the Parish of , in the County

Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, there used in the of Huntingdon, where the same adjoins the Turnpike Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Expor- Road leading from Kimbolton to Eaton Socon, in the tation of British-mzdc Spirits from England to Scotland,said County of Bedford, was read the Third Time, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of be, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the His present Majesty, as permits Sir William BijhRoad leading from The Way Post, at the North East George Bishop, and Orgies Bifoop,-to carry on the Ma- End of the Town of Bedford, in the County of nufacture of Maidstone Geneva j and to make perpetual to the North East End of a Lane in the Parish of the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty- Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, called The Park seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Lane.

Worts, Walh, and other Liquors for extracting Spirits Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the for Home Consumption. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotch Distil- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the wb°lc House, to whom the Bill for granting to His defened.' Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Petition from

0 *ner» of Bflates near the Thames, and in the Village* of Datchet, ice. &e. against the Thames and

1 fu Navigation BUI,

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Hereditaments near the Banks of the River Thames, and in the Villages of Datchet, Old Windsor,

/bury, Egham, and Thorpe, the Towns of Staines, Chertsey, and Kingston, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, paflTed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the Commissioners of the Upper District of the River Thames are restrained from making Locks and Weirs on the said River between Boulter's Lock, near Maiden-

head, in the County of Berks, and Staines, in the County of Middlesex; and that a Bill is now depending in the House for removing such Restraint, and empowering the said Commissioners to erect Two Pound Locks

with Weirs across the said River, near Windsor, which intended Locks and W'eirs will, iferested, be the Means of Flooding all the adjacent Lands, also cause the Land Floods to be penned up much longer than they heretofore have been, and thereby occasion serious Da-

A Bill for dividing and inflofing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Lordship or Liberty of Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Felix Vincent Raper, was read the pirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Henry Gaily, Esquire, situate in the County of Huntingdon, in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate, of greater Value, in the County of York, to be settled in Lieu of the said Estate in the County of Huntingdon, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Egerton Brydges, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of

Bedford and Kimbolton K-oad Bill parted.

Aldrich IncloiHiT Bill committed.

Paper's Nat. Bill read.

Gary's Estate

Bill read.

Brydres Estate Bill read.

Ways and Means difer-rad.

Bridgnorth

Writ.

Ivelchester and Liagport Navigation Notices Petition reported.

35 Geo. III.

44;i

of Kent, and City of Canterbury, in Trustees, to fell or exchange the fame, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale or Exchange in the Purchase of other Freehold Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rr/chsd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lujuz, 200 die April: s;

Anno 35* Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

f\RD E RED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, in the room of 'Thomas Whitmore, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Occupiers of Land, Traders, and Inhabitants, within the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee

had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dirt-sted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the printed Newspapers, called The Bath Chronicle, of the 1 ath, 19th, and 26th of M last, were produced to your Committee, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for improving and supporting the Navigation of the River Ivel,otherwise Teo, from the Town of Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the Pacifh of Huish in the County of Somerset, and for making a Navigable Cut from thence into a certain Drain, called Rhine, in the Parish of Langport, in the said County, and for making the said Drain navigable from thence to the River Parrett,below Great Bow Bridge, in the Town of Langport, are inferred, pursuant to the Leave granted by the House on the 18th Day of last: — And,

James Pat fit being examined, said, That, agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notice of Application had been affixed on the Door of the Sessions House for the said County o at Wells, at the

last Eajfcr Quarter Sessions.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 18th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to wham the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Occupiers of Land, Traders, and Inhabitants, within the county of ; and also

another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Occupiers of Land, Traders, and Inhabitants, within the County of Somerset, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Vol. L.

Ordered, That Leave oc given to onng in a Bill lvelcl>tfi«r«nd

for improving and supporting the Navigation of the Ltrgport Na-n- L , ? ... *» r 6 1 /. Tieation Bill

River Ivel,otherwise Teo, from the Town of Ivelchester o.dered.

to Bicknell Bridge, in the Parish of Huish Epijcopi, in

the County of Somerset, and for- making a Navigable

Cut from thence into a certain Drain, called Portlake

Rhine, in the Parish of Langport, in the same County,

and for making the said Drain navigable from thence

to the River Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the

Town of Langport.: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr.

Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration LordsAmend-the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- {^"/nefofore"* tuled. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Bill agreed t*. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Trinity* otherwise T-irley, in the County of Gloucester.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L 13. After is " insert of or claims to " be."

1.17. After " is " insert Cf or claims to be."

1; 19, After " belonging" insert "And " whereas the Dean and Chap- ter of the Collegiate Church " o( Saint Peter, Westminster, are,

" or claim to be, Lords of the " Manor of Trinley, otherwise " Tirley aforesaid, extending " over the Whole, or at least '

" great Part of the said Parish;

" but in virtue of a Lease heretofore by them granted, Tho-M mas Dowdejwell Esquire, of " Pull Court, in the County of Worcester, is Lord Farmer of " the said Manor, with. Power " to accept Surrenders, and to grant, by Copy of Court Roll,

for any Term not exceeding " Three Lives."

Pr. 13. 1. 1. After allowed" insert Clause (A.)

Clau«b (A.) And, in order that the Claim of the said Dean and Chapter to " be Lords of the said Manor " may be settled and determined " within-a limited Time; Be " it further Enacted, That it.

" shall and may be lawful for " the said Dean and Chapter,

<* within Six Calendar Months *- next after pa fling this Act, to u commence an Action at Law " in, any of His. Majesty's Courts " of Record at a-

gaisift the said Earl of - try, his Heirs or Assigns, for " determining the Claim of the said Dean and Chapter to the " said Manor, and to declare - therein, as upon a feigned v Wager, as usual in Declara- tions for ttyinglflues directed " by-Courts Equity, and such " Declaration, in case the Par-w tie*, shall not agree in settling " the fame, shall be settled by the proper Officer of the Court ifl' which such Action shall be brought; and after delivering " such Declaration, the said *( Earl of Coventry, his Heirs or 5 U " Assigns,

44*

20° Apr ills.

"A&gns, shall forthwith appear, accept a Declaration, u and plead to Iffuc, and the " said Dean and Chapter shall " proceed to the Trial of such " Action within Twelve Calendar Months next after the said " Earl, his Heirs or x\ffigns,

" shall have pleaded to such " Issue j and when a Verdict " shall in such Action be given " or obtained, which shall not " be set aside by the Court *« wherein the Action shall be " brought, such Verdict shall " be final and conclullve; but " if the said Dean and Chapter " shall not commence such Action within the Time aforesaid, or if after the commencing thereof the same shall not " be proceeded in- so as to be " tried within the Time before " limited for that Purpose, by " or on Account of the Neglect or Default of the said Dean " and Chapter, t^ten the said Dean and Chapter, and their " Successors, shall be for ever " excluded and debarred of " and from all Claim, Right,

" and Title, in and to the said " Manor, and the Share or Allotment of the said Lands and Grounds to be set out by vir- tue of this Act, for the Soil of the Commons and Waste , " Lands within the said Pa-<f rish."

Pr. it. 1. 7. Leave out u sufficient."

1. 9. Leave out from Grounds " to " then " in Line it, and insert " sufficient to make such respective Compensations as aforesaid."

1. 17. Leave out from " with " to " to " in Line 18, and insert such " Yearly Monied or Corn Rents,

" at the Option of the said Earl " of Coventry and Charles diford."

I.31. After "which" insert "Yearly " Monied or Corn."

Pr. 22. 1. 10. After " respective " insert " Mo-

*' nied or Corn."

1.15. Leave out " Sums " and insert " Monied or Corn Rents."

Pr. 25. 1* S- Leave out from " the" to " such " in Line 7, and insert " Lord or Lords of the Manor of rinley, otherwise Tirley aforesaid, " his or their Heirs, Successors, " and Assigns."

1.12. Leave out " his " and insert " the."

1. 1 6,1 Leave out said Earl of Coventry "

and > and insert " Lord or Lords of 17. J " the said Manor."

1. 20. After " inclosed " insert " Provided nevertheless. That in case it shall be found that the " said Dean and Chapter are the " Lords of the said Manor, and in respect thereof entitled to " such Allotment as aforesaid, " then thef ime shall be vested

A. 1795.

" in the said Thomas " well, for and during the Estate " and Interest which he has, or " may or is authorized to create therein, by virtue of the Lease hereinbefore mentioned, or any Clause, Matter, or Power therein contained " and also insert Clause (B,)

ClXuse ( B;) And be it further Enacted, That " from Time to Time after the " Determination of the Estate'

" and Interest which the said Thomas Dowdeswell may have,

" or be entitled to, or shall or " may create, in all or any " of the Land and Grounds " which may be so allotted to <c the said Dean and Chapter,

and their Successors (in case the said Dean and Chapter shall establish their Claim as " Lords of the said Manor of " Trinley, otherwise Tirley, or " any Part thereof) it shall and K may be lawful for them, the " said Dean and Chapter, and " their Successors, from Time " to Time, to make such and " the like Lease and Leases, and " to grant the like Copy and " Copies of Court Roll of the " Lands and Grounds to be allotted them, as they are or " shall be enabled to make of " other Lands vested in them, " and their Successors, as Dean " and Chapter as aforesaid, and " as are conformable to the " Custom of their said Manor* " nevertheless, in the mean Time it shall be lawful for " the said Thomas " and he is hereby empowered " to use the same Methods with, " and to make and exercise the same Grants, by Copy of " Court Roll, and Powers of, " over, or concerning such the " said Lands and Grounds, " which may be allotted to the " said Dean and Chapter as " aforesaid, as he is, or ought " to be, under the said Lease " enabled to use, make, or exercife, of, over, or concerning " any of the inclosed Lands or " Premisses within the Manors " of the said Dean and Chapter, " or any other of the Lands and " Premisses in such Lease comprized; save only and except, " that it shall not be lawful for " the said Thomas 'Dowdeswell, " his Heirs or Representatives, " to grant any Lease or Leases " for any Number of Lives, or " any Copy or Copies of Court " Roll, of the Lands which shall " be allotted to the said Dean " and Chapter in Lieu of, and " in Compensation for, their " Manerial Rights, or of any " Part or Parcel of the said " Lands lo allotted for their " Manerial Rights aforesaid."-

35 Geo. III.

20

Aprilis.

44 $

l£»gMey and Halifax Road Bill reported.

Petition from federal Creditors of the Doncafterand TadcafterRoad against Doncaster Bridges, See. Bill.

Pr. 28.I.15. After " thereof" insert «« with " their Appurtenances."

Pr. 30. 1. 33. Leave out " herein " and insert " in this Act."

Pr. 31. 1. 2. After " Parish " insert " but that

" the same shall respectively " continue to be dueand payable as heretofore."

Pr. 56. 1. 1. After "the" insert "Claim."

1. 2. Leave out " of " and insert " which."

1. 4. After " Assigns " insert " or the " said Dean and Chapter of the " Collegiate Church of Saint " Peteror of their " Successors, or the said Thomas " Dowdeswell, their Leffte, Or " his Representatives, may " have."

). 8. Leave out " his " and insert " the."

1. 10. Leave out " his " and insert " the." The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Wilhtrforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Kigbley to , in the West

Riding of the County of York and several other Roads therein respectively described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Kigbley to Halifax aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and thar the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossedi

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors for considerable Sums of Money on Securities of the Tolls of the Turnpike Road leading from Doncaster to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for Powers to repair certain Bridges and Roads near the Town of , which,

they are informed, is to increase the Tolls on the said Turnpike Road, with a View to borrow more Money, which Bill, if passed into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, will materially affect their Interests; and that the Money due to several Persons on Security of the' said Tolls constitutes a considerable Part of their Property, and the Petitioners have not, nor have any of the Creditors on the said Road, as the Petitioners have Reason to believe, been consulted on the Measures proposed by the said Bill, or had any Notice that such Bill was intended to be brought into Parliament, except that the following Advertisement has appeared in some or One of the Provincial Papers of the County of York within Two or Three Weeks last pad, " Notice is hereby given, that a Bill is depending in Parliament for repairing the Damage

" done by the late Floods to certain Bridges, and to " the Road near the Town of , and for mak-

" ing the said Bridges and Road safe and commodious for Travellers," which Notice, the Petitioners submit, does not at all satisfy the Standing Orders of the House respecting Turnpike Roads, even if it had been advertised in due Time; and that the Bridges mentioned in the said Bill are now passable, and may be continued so at an easy Expence; by temporary Means, until they can be put int a more proper State by an Application to Parliament, if necessary, according to the usual Course of Proceeding; and, the Petitioners have' Reason tof believe the present hasty and precipitate Measure is adopted to answer other Purposes than those of present Necessity: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not now pass into a Law, unless Provision is made for the immediate Payment of the Money due to the Petitioners, and the other Creditors on the said Road who may require the fame; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill as may afreft: them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Damage done by the late Floods to certain Bridges, and to the Road, near the Town of Doncaster, and for making the said Bridges and Road safe and commodious for Travellers, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be aninstruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said BLU is committed.

Mr. Alderman Le Mcfurier reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking down the " Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint " John, at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and " for building another Church and Tower for the Use " of the said Parish, and for making an additional " Cemetery or Church Yard," and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the said Church, and other Works, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then tL Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An Ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, Within the' Township of Cleckbeaton, in the Parish of Birjlal, in the West Riding of the County of , was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of -beaton, in the Parish of Birjlal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

a Mr.

Hackney. . Church Bill reported.

Cleckbeaton Inclosure Bill passed.

Millbrooke Inclotare Bill prefcnUil.

Congleton Inc lofur* Bill reported*

Ratley Inclosure Bill passed.

Mr. William Dun las to carry Bill for rnifing Men in Scotland for the Navy to the Lords.

Committee on Keport of Colonel Mac-pherson's Petition.

reported

A. 1795.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Millbrooke, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, and leafing, or letting, certain Commons or 'Waste Grounds within the Borough and Township of , in the County of Chester, and for applying the Profits of Part of the fame in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or Public Expences, within the said Township, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 86 Acres of Open Land andjDld Inclosures; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Bill consists of 1,740 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made teveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ands upon the Question tevcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Wafts Grounds, in the Parish of Rat ley, in the County of Warwick*, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ratley, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George William Slouck-

burgh Evelyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Yea* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to

grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act, passed in the ,c Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, and to repeal the said " Ad," as relates to the Amount of the Debt charged upon the Lands and Eftare, which became forfeited by the Attainder of Evan Macpberfon, late of Cluny.

And M x. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to " the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain " Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a of Board of Trustees by an Act, passed in the Twenty- >

" fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King *« George the Second, and to1 repeal the said Act,", as relates to the Amount of the Debt charged upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited by the Attainder of Evan Macpberfon, late of Cluny: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Fergufon, and Mr. Dundas,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame-

The Earl Gower Sutherland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing sill reported, the Common and Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ahbotts Bromley, otherwise Pagets Bromley, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been- complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of 28. 15 who could not be met with; and that the whole Annual Value of Estates to be affected by the Bill amounts to £.5*834; and that -no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made teveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question teverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Duncan Macpberfon, of Cluny, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said

The Earl Gower Sutherland acquainted the House, That the Gentlemen appointed to attend their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, with the congratulatory Message tent from this House, had attended their Royal Highnesses accordingly; and that their Royal Highnesses were pleated to give this An* fwer:

Gentlemen,

We return our Thanks to the House of Commons, for their congratulatory Compliments.

Answer of thfl Prince anti Princess of Wales to coo« gratulatory Message.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, that An fwer tm their Address of Tuesday last (that His Majesty would Addrest* be graciously pleated to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, to the Memory of Captain -7 nor,

35 Geo. Ilk 20°

nor, for his eminent Services in the Expedition against the Islands of Martinique and particularly

at the Storming of Fort Royal, and for his distinguished Conduct in the Command of His Majesty's Frigate Blanche, on the 5th of January 1795, when he Fell gloriously in an Action with the Frigate

which was captured; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence attending the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by thfc said Address.

tittle shes- Kir. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom *t *^e Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

{toad*Peti.'* thereunto lubscribed, being Trustees for executing tion reported. Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, far repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hatberjage, Hope, and Cajlleton, to Spar-rozvpit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Port near Barber's Fields Cupola, through dleford Bridge, Great H, 37 and Fairfield, to Buxtcn, in the County of Derby, was referred } That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: — And,

Mr. Alexander Bofsley, being examined, said. That a considerable Progress hath been made in putting the said Acts in Execution, and several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which Monies cannot be repaid, nor the Roads be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, or wholly repealed, and new Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and repealing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hatberjage, Hope, and Cafiieton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the County of Derby, ind from the Guide Post near Barber's Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklozo, Tidefizveil, Hardgate-wall, and Fairfield,

to a House known by the Sign of Angel, in Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for granting further and other Powers for that Purpose: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord John Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Aprilis. 445

said Duke, in respectof his other Property in the said Parish, One Fourth Part in Value of such Part of the Commons and Waste Lands, thereby 'directed to be divided and inclosed, as are called Forefi -, and that the Petitioner apprehends the said Allotment, lo proposed to be made to the said Duke, is much more than, as Lord of the said Manor, he is justly entitled to, and therefore the said Bill, as it now stands, is highly prejudicial to the Petitioner and the other Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law, as it now stands, and that he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against such Parts thereof as may affect him, and that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom cue said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy be added to the Gentle- MemheraiMei men, who are appointed to prepare, and brine in, a Bill, to l>MI's in

r ,rr „ l , I, Owtnhv Jn-

pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition ot cloture Bill.

Wright, Lfquire, and of the levcial other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners ot, or interested in, Estates within the Lordlnip of,

in the Parish of Searby, in the county of.

Mr. Mundy presented to the House, according to OwmbyTnclo-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclonng the Open Common Fields, and such ocher Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds as are within, and foicly belonging to* the Lordship of Owmby,in the Parish of Searby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blacklurne reported from the Committee, to Bamford'*, whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Lea,<:* Bill Act to enable William Bamford, Esquire, and other an

Persons after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain Parts of his settled Lftates in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, reserving Rents, was committed; '

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment j and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Edge'* A Petition of Thomas Esquire, on Behalf

Petition against of himself and other Owners of Estates within the Ma-Afcfcidin- nor anc* of Kirkby in AJl.field, in the County of

«lofure Bill. Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing

O D O

the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in Ashfield,in the County of Nottingham;

and Setting forth, That by the said Bill the Commissioners thereby appointed are required to set out and allot to his Grace the Duke of Portland, as Lord of the said Manor, exclusive of all other Allotments to the Vol, L.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holfiord arid -rh-Lord* Mr. Walker: will proceed o*

Mr. Speaker, M^Hutin0"'.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Trial.

H ouse. That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, on Morning next, ac Ten of the Clock, in Hall.

And then the Messengers Withdrew.

5 X

the

ao® Aprilis.

A. 1795.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from Part of* 1 merift Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called

o»! i*7,000 in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant nifcd by An- tQ the Directions of an Act of Parliament, fenKd!' P'* An Account of the Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest on the Sum ofj£. 187,000 raised by

Annuities, by Act 29® Georgii Tertii Regis, for the Yeat ended the 5th Day of April 17951 And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read*

The laid Account is as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgefics, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest on the Sum of One hundred Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, raised by Annuities by Act 29® Georgii Tertii Regis, for the Year ended the 5th Day of April 1795.

The Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest en the above Principal Sum of One hundred Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, amount to the Sum of Eight thousand Fifty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence.

Exchequer, the 20th Day of 1795.

'James Fisher.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the lloufc.

Report Supply. Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whqm it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had direct^d him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz. '

Deficiency of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Grant*. That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Forty-four thousand and Fifty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1794.

To compete Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

o"?o?Con* r^^iat a Sum) not exceeding Eight hundred and Forty-foliUatedFund* eight thousand"Nine hundred and Fifteen Pounds Four Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to complete the Sum of Two Millions Six hundred and Ninety.seven Thousand Pounds, granted to His Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1794.

The said Resolutions being severally. read a Second Time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Milli'j A Petition of Thomas B was presented Pcimon for to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the latter Uht" Vct't'ion End of November, or the beginning of December last, for Kciicf witfi the Petitioner received an Order from his Father to rripttt to a purchase for him /. i,coo Three Cent. Consoli-

Sum lent on r T i.

Ttrtam Lot. dated Annuities; that he applied, according to his tciy Ticket*. Dirtftions, to his Broker, by whom hewasadvised not to buy then, as he might have them for the coming out of the new Loan One per Cent.cheaper; the Money then laying in the Petitioner's Hands useless till that Time, the Broker proposed lending it on Fifty Lottery Tickets, which he afiured the Petitioner was good Security, and that he should receive a Premium of Three Shillings per Ticket, without being answera'ole for the Rife or Fall of the Price of them, but receive , the whole of the Money lent; and that, the Petitioner not being in the least acquainted with the Stocks, or the Lottery Tickets, readily accepted his Offer, and wholly relied on his Judgment, believing he was

sufficiently acquainted with the Business to settld the Whole of it: That the Petitioner, on applying to him, on Monday the 16th of February last, was informed, that the Lottery Tickets were fold, and that £.525. 1 6 s.8 bfh is Money was at the Exchequer,

which he could not obtain without a Memorial addressed to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and that the Petitioner was extremely fur-prized at this Information, as, until that Moment, he had no Idea that he had any Thing whatever to do with the Tickets, but that he was to receive the Money leftt (which he always expected amounted to the whole Value of the Tickets) from a Mr.

the Person the Broker told the Petitioner he had lent the Money to: That the Petitioner did accordingly apply, by Memorial, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, but was not enabled to present his Petition to the House, until the 9th of this Instant April, when the Time limited for presenting Petitions for private Bills had elapsed; And therefore praying, That the House will take the Petitioner's Cale into Consideration, and give Leave to present a Petition, notwithstanding the Time for receiving Private Petitions is elapsed.

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Thomas Baucutt MaJJj.

Then a Petition of Thomas Baucutt Mash, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the lait preceding Petition; and praying, That the House will take the Petitioner's same into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, &ct: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

x ' ,

Leave gviu

Mr. Mash'i Petitio*.

Account of Payments made on the 1-oan, See rdered.

Account of Defkicnc'cs of Land and Malt Tax 1791, ordered.

Committee on A Si for rendering effectual certain Oi drrs ip Council respectini, the Adrntffion of Effie£ls.

kill to prevent Delay in the Execution of Writ* for Scotland, committed.

Scotch Distillery additional Duties Bill reported.

petition of certain Subscribers to the Veterinary College reported-

35 Geo. III.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Payments made on the Loan of the present Year, and of the Discount allowed thereon; together with the Issues made or directed out of the fame, specifying the Heads of Service to which such Issues have been applicable.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Deficiencies of the Land and Malt Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1792, specifying the Heads under which such Deficiencies have arisen.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for rendering effec-" tual His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Six-" teenth and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, respecting the " Admission of the Effects, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to be Warehoused, and for indemnifying all Persons who have " acted in Consequence of such Ordersand for making further Provision respecting the Ships and Effects mentioned therein, and the Duties to be levied upon the fame, and upon certain other Ships and Effects, being Dutch Property, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to prevent unnecessary Delay in the Execution of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England,was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments "were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Sumner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institucion called 'The Veterinary College, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it i.n at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio w-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition* Mr. Granville Penn, being examined, said, That the Institution of the said College first took place in February 1791 — That Mr. St. Bel was the First Proa feffor; and on his Death" Mr. Coleman, Member of the Corporation of Surgeons, was recommended by the First Characters of the Faculty, and appointed to succeed to the Professor's Chair. — And being further examined, he said, That a Piece of Ground, near Pancras, was agreed to be taken for the Purpose of erecting Buildings for the Use of the College — Thar an Infirmary for the Reception of 50 Horses, and A Theatre for Lectures and the Diffeftions of Horses and other Animals, together with a Forge and other Offices, have been erected, at a very considerable Expence. — Then,

Mr. JJlley Cooper, a Member of the Medical Committee of the College, and Professor of Anatomy to the Corporation of Surgeons, being examined, said. That the Education of about Fifteen Pupils has been successfully conducted in each Year since the Establishment of the College — That he was present ar the Examination of Eleven Pupils by the Medical Committee, named in the Petition — That they were carefully examined on the Anatomy, Physiology, and Diseases of Horses — That their Answers were ready, andihewed that they had paid great Attention to the Objects of their Education — That their Acquirements were such, as were calculated to preserve many Horses, and other Animals, which now fall a Sacrifice to the Ignorance of common Practitioners, particularly in the Instances of Wounds to which Horses of the Army are subject; and, that by the improved Mode of Treatment of Wounds in the Joints, Nine Horses in Ten, which would be loft by the Old Method, would be thereby saved. ----- -Then,

The Right honourable Lord Heathfiebeing examined, said. That experienced Farriers are very much wanted in the Cavalry — That One Half of the Horses which die or are cast, would probably be saved by Persons regularly educated in the Veterinary Science, and that nearly the whole of the Horses receiving Gun Shot Wounds, under the Care of the present Army Farriers, are loft — That in the Campaign of 1793, he saved, by the Afliftaace of the Surgeon of the Regiment which he commanded, nearly the whole Number of the Horses which had received Gun Shot Wounds, and which the Troop Farriers had failed to treat with Success — That at that Time there was only One Regiment, viz. the 2d Dragoon Guards, that had a skilful Farrier attached to it- — That in all Foreign Services there are One or Two skilful Farriers* educated in the Veterinary Science, attached to each Regiment. — And being further examined, his Lordship said. That he is of Opinion it would be of great Advantage to the Army to have a Pupil from each Regiment admitted to the Course of Studies of the College. — Then,

The Right honourable the Earl of Pembroke being examined, said. That he commanded the Second Regiment of Dragoon Guards in the Campaign of 1793-4 — That a greater Number of Horses received Gun Shot Woupds in that Regiment, than in any other, and that a very great Proportion of them were saved, which he can only attribute to the Skill and Science of a Farrier Major, who had attended Courses of Anatomical Lectures — That, that Regiment is the only Regiment in the Service that has a Farrier Major attached to it, and that the Proportion of Horses saved from Gun Shot Wounds, and other Diseases, was infinitely greater in that, than in any other Regiment in the Service. — And being further examined, his Lord-

Day appo*n:cd for Second Kfading of

E.il to appor-r.»i» »hr Relief d?re£U<l to be given to the i*'nna»l of Militia Men.

448- 200 Aprilis. 1795*

ship said, That it is his Opinion it would be of the greatest Advantage to the Army, to have a Pupil from each Regiment admitted to the Studies of the Veterinary College. ----- -Then,

General Gwyn,being examined, said. That he has

been in Seven different Regiments of Cavalry, and always found the greatest Inconvenience in not having Farriers properly educated in the Veterinary Science attached to the Service, particularly so in the 16th Light Dragoons, which he commanded Part of the Time it was in America,wherein the Loss of Horses was veryf conf:derable, and which he can only attribute to the Want of a proper Person of the above Description j for, that in the 15th Light Dragoons, which he commanded for Three or Four Years, the Advantage of a Person of Science was clearly evinced, in the Troop under the Care of a Mr. Leijhman for Two Years, losing no Horses during that Time, although Numbers had what is styled " The Distemper," and other Dil-eases: And he added, That it is his Opinion, that Half of the Horses that have been loft during the last Six Months in his Regiment, would have been saved under the Care of a Person of Science; and that it would be of considerable Benefit to the Service, if a Pupil from each Regiment was admitted to the Course of Studies taught in the Veterinary College. — Then,

Mr. William Houlston, a Member of the'Medical

Committee of the Veterinary College, and One of the Corporation of Surgeons, being examined, said, That the Establishment of a Plan of Education in the Veterinary Science, considered in a general View, as applying to Horses and other Cattle, will be of infinite Service to the Agriculture of the Country, and to the Army in particular, by the Treatment of Gun Shot Wounds, and other Diseases incident to the Cavalry, — -That he is of Opinion the Country have already reaped great Advantage from the Establishment of the Veterinary College by the Education of Eleven Pupils - — That he adifted in their Examination, and that, in his Opinion, they were completely qualified to practice the Veterinary Science with Honour to themselves and infinite Benefit to the Community. — And the Witness added. That the College derives very particular Advantages in being under the Direction of a Profcfibr, whose regular Course of Study in the Schools of Anatomy and Medicine, highly qualified him todiffufe the Veterinary Science, and even to improve it beyond any Thing that has been known in the Practice of Foreign Schools. — Then,

Mr. llil.lamAlcunjher, Secretary to the Veterinary

College, being examined, said, That the Sum of £. 4,200 has been advanced by sundry Noblemen and Gentlemen, on Lean, bearing Interest, towards defraying the Expence of the necesiary Buildings of the C<.Urge; and that a fublVquent Debt has been incurred of near £. 4,800, over and above the several Sums received from Annual and Perpetual Subscribers, and that nearly the Sum of £. 7,000 has been expended in the Erection of the said Buildings. — And being further examined, he said, That a Committee had been appointed in the Month of last, by a General

Meeting of the Subscribers, to examine into the Receipts and Expenditure of the College, and state the probable futuie Expence of conducting its Affairs, and had reported their Opinion to be, that less than £. 16,000 per Annum would be insufficient to carry all

the Objects f the Institution into full Effect.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, Tint the Bill to apportion the Relief, by the several Statutes now in Force, directed to be given to the* Wives and Families of Non-commissioned Officers* Drummers, Fibers, and Privates, serving in the Militia, between the County at large and the peculiar

Districts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in Aich Militia, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingroBed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal at or near the Town of , in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to bd made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 213. 1. 35. To leave out "by the City of

" Lo

And the said Amendment was, upon the Questiort put thereupon, agreed to by the Housej. and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlo be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Isis, at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal at or near the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds, and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending Two Acts, of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of,

in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert,

Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, in the Most Noble Charles Marquis Cornwallis, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of equal Value, in the same County, in Lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in,

Crumpjali, and Tetlow, in the County of call-

ed Clarke's Charity Lands, to make Leases for Years upon Rack Rents, and also to grant Building Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the said Lands under reserved Yearly Rents; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Smith, formerly of London, Merchant, for charitable Purposes, in Trustees, to be sold to John Pardoe, Esquire, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled in Lieu thereof, and for regulating the Charity established by the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for eftldtuating a Partition of certain Estates of Sir Edward Knatchbull, Baronet, Sir Banks, Baronet,

and Dame Dorothea his Wife, and Sir Thomas

Gott, Knight, fuuate in the Counties of and fen; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

An

This appearing to be an Inaccuracy, the Report was re-tomraitted for the Purpose of correcting it. V. subsequent Report, p. 458,

Abingdon ahi Trowbridge Canal Bill piled#

The Lord* have agreed ti

March Drain* age Bill.

The Lords

have passed

Rulhbrooke'i Estate Bill#

Clarke'* Charity Leases Bill*

Smith'* Charity Estate Bill.

SirE. Knatclui bull'd, &c. Estate Bill, '

o

449

Rnfhbrooke's E it ate Bill read.

Friendly Societies hill ordered.

Bill tocontinue A3 for Encouragement of the Hr it i Hi Fisheries deferred.

Receipts additional Duties Bill deferred*

Supply

deferred.

Bill for rrcif-terirg Vessels vied on Inland N.i vicarious, defer ltd.

Sea In fu ranees Duties Bill del cried.

Expiring Laws Bill deterred. (Excite.)

Ways and Means deferred.

35 Geo. III.

20

21

Aprilis.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A£

for vetting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Rush-

breoke, Esquire, in the County of Suffolk,in the Mod

Noble Charles Marquis Cornwallis, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of equal Value, in the same County, in Lieu thereof and in Exchange for the fame, was read the First Time. Anno 35® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1795.

Rtfohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Prayers.

Mart is, 210 die

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for the Encouragement and '* Relief of Friendly Societies," might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Provisions of the said Act, and for more effectuully carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. iVigley, and Mr. Wilberforcey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Tweniy-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, fc An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the British of Fisheries," be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Rejclvedy That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to H;s Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Infu-rances, was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland\ and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bifhcpy George B:J}jopy and Argles Bijbcp, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. L.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant certain Estates in the Isle of Ely, now holden under Three Leases, in several smaller Parcels by separate Leases, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Hous,l without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bii in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

ReJulvedy That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for improving and supporting the Navigation of the River Ivel, otherwise Teo> from the Town of lvelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the County of Somerset, and for making a Navigable Cut from thence into a certain Drain, called Portlake Rhine, ift the Parish of Langporty in the same County, and for making the said Drain navigable from thence to the River Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the Town of Langport: And the same was received; and read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey, and of the Occupiers of Lands and Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, and of several Merchants, Farmers, and othrrs, attending the Markets at Farnham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Canal, from the Town of Basingjlokey in the County of Southampton, communicating with the River lVey} in the County of Surrey3 hath been lately completed, and great Quantities of Timber, Bark, Hops, Corn, and other Articles, the Produce of the Counties of Surrey and Southampton, are, with great Facility, conveyed towards London and Westminster, and, in Return, Coals, Fir, Timber, Grocery, and a Variety of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Articles, and Commodities, have been, and may be, brought up the said Canal, for the Life of the Inhabitants of the several Towns and Villages in those Counties; and the Petitioners, and all other Persons in the like Situation, have already experienced the great Utility of the said Canal Navigation, and the more especially as the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation have made commodious Landing Places and Wharfs, and built Warehouses, and other Accommodations, for the Public, contiguous to, or adjoining, the Turnpike Ro^id leading from Farnham to Frimlcy; and that the Trustees for the Care of so much of the Roads directed to be repaired by virtue of certain Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road leading from Uafingjl cue, near the Town of Bagffot, in the Parish

5 Y of

Bishop of Ely' Elide But reported, and passed.

Ivelch* fterand Langp^r? Navigation Bill presentttd.

Petition from l*arnh.tm against Baling-Itone ami Winchester Roads Bill*

Rapcr't Nat, Bill committed, '

Gnlly'* Ertate Bili committed.

45°

il° Aprilis.

A. 1795.

of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, through ley and Farnbam aforesaid, and from thence to the City of Winchester, have, soon after the said Canal was

completed and made navigable from to

the said River Wey, caused a Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected between the Town of Farnbam and the said Canal, merely, as the Petitioners apprehend, for the Purpose of taking Tolls for all Waggons, Carts, and such like Carriages, passing to or from the said Landing Places, Wharfs, and Warehouses; and, in case the said Turnpike shall be continued, and Tolls suffered to be collected thereat, the Price of every Article carried between the said Canal and the Town of Farnbam, will be considerably increased, which will

be a heavy Burthen on the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Farnbam aforesaid, and to all Persons frequenting the Markets of the said Town; and that a Bill is now depending in the House for enlarging the Term and Powers the said recited Acts: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, in Support thereof, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for exempting all Waggons, Carts, Wains, and other such like Carriages,' and all Horses, and other Bealls and Cattle, employed in carrying or conveying any Coal, Timber, Bark, Corn, Grain, Malt, Flour, or other Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Matters, or Things, whatsoever, unto or from the said Canal Navigation, or any Landing Place, Wharf, or Warehouse, erected or to be erected by the said Company of Proprietors, at or near thereto, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of WindleJbam, in the County of Surrey,through Frimley and

in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley, Hollybom, Alton, Chawton, R Sutton, New

Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley to the City of Winchester,in the County of Southampton, is committed; and that-the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fftl

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lord's, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Felix Vincent Raper, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they ate to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Ellate of Henry , Esquire, situate in the County of Huntingdon, in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Ellate of greater Value, in the County of York, to be settled in Lieu of the said Ellate in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Af-

tefnoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BrydgcsEihte for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Eger- con,n,t* ton Brydges , Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Kent, and City of Canterbury, in Trullees to fell or exchange the fame, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale or Exchange in the Purchase of other Freehold Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr, Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Eatington whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, within the Hamlets of Upper 1

Eatington and Fulready, in the Parish of Lower Eating-ton, in the County of Warwick, and for taking down and re-building the Church of the said Parish, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Estates in the Parish of Eatington, in the County of Warwick, and of several other Persons, Freeholders, Land Owners, Occupiers of Land, and other Inhabitants of several other Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood of Eatington aforesaid, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Estates in the Parish of Eatington, in the County of Warwick, and also of several other Persons, Whose Ancestors, Relations, or Friends have been interred in die Church, Chancel, or Church Yard of Eatington aforesaid; and also, the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the Open Fields, and of other Estates, in the Parish of Eatington, in the County of Warwick, and also Occupiers of Old inclosed Lands, in the said Parish, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Behalf of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tt> be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent tb the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of One Yard Land and Five Eighths of a Yard Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Three Yard Lands and Three Quarters, who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed by the said Bill confills of Seventy-two Yard Lands and Two odd Lands, or thereabouts); and that One of the Commissioners named in the said Bill died, and the Person by whom he was nominated, and who would have had the Nomination of his Successor, has named a Commissioner in his Stead; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One . by One; and, upon the Question severally puc thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had ex-5 amined

Halifax Church Bill repotted*

35 Geo. III. n* Aprilis.451'

amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repealing several Acts, made in the Sf. Mary te Eighth, Tenth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Years of ®°nB;n*c^r the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the mined. Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better

Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierre-pent, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are to meec

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Eatand and A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three BuTcomaif several Acts, paired in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Yearj the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Ealatidto the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was reaid a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wi force, Mr. Buncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Duke of Ar- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

chang^nill CTable John Duke of Argyll, to exchange certain

committed. Lands, Part of his entailed Estate in the Shire of

gyll, for certain other Lands in the same Shire, belonging to himself in Fee Simple, and to Archibald , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir ArchibaldEdmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

St. Botoiph Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, retried!! to w*10m Bill for repealing an Act, paired in the

,epor Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual assessing and " collecting of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, " in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopsgate, in the Libertiesof the City of London, for providing a Work-

house for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and for the Employment, Maintenance, and Regulation of the said Poor therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingtolfed.

An ingrolTcd Bill for dividing and inclosing the Much Marcle Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Inj£"!l,re Parish of Much Marcle, in the County of pa '

was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making an Allotment to the Vicar, contiguous to his House.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally' proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 65. 1. 14. To leave out from *c thereof" to the End of 1. 15, and insert save and except Twenty Acres " hereinbefore directed to be " laid adjoining to the said " Vicarage House " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question feveraJly put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in the Townships of Marcle, Wolton, and Kinafton, in the Parish of Much Marcle, in the County of Herejord.

Ordered, That Sir George Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fergujon presented to the House, according to Colonel Mac-

Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made Pherrfo"\* in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His pre- preen sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act to ehable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors,

" upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited " Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act, passed *c in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the " said Act," as relates to the Amount of the Debt charged upon the Lands and Estate, which became forfeited by the Attainder of EvanMacpherson, late of Cluny: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

SirE.Knatch- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act buii e, &c. Ef- for effectuating a Partition of certain Estates of Sir utc Bill read. Edward Knatchbull, Baronet, Sir Joseph Banks, Baronet,

and Dame Dorothea his Wife, and Sir Henry Thomas Gott, Knight, situate in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for apply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ntxt> re lve itself into a Committee of the whole Monty defer- House, upon the Bill for apply ing certain Sums of * Money raised in the County of Stafford, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom.

A Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in Aberdeen the County of Aberdeen, was' read a Second Time. Roads Bill

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fer- commKt gujon, Mr. Allardyce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Great Hock-Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Lands, ted. and Waste Grounds, within the Parfli of Great Hcck-bam, in the County of Norjolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

koun,

Wrllam! B irk

nn* SjkiI ling H-1) HiiiLc Ku.ui, \c. Petition ic-ponrd.

452 2i° Ap 1795.

/w/;, Mr. St. John,* &c.: And they are to fneet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Jyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom tiic Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being.Proprietors of Lands in South lldlaul, in the County o\ Lincoln, was referred; That the Commiree had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of die House, relative to Bills of Drainage and Turnpike Roads, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to rrpoit the lame, as it appeared to them, to die House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fdloweth; 272c.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, c< An Act for draining of the Fen, called (i Deeping Fen, and other hens therein mentioned and also, ap AfL pa fifed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, i( An Act cc Hr the better Preservation of the Great Bank of the <c River H'el land, from Spalding High Bridge, through tc Coin lit> Ptakill, Crow land, and Peakirk, and for fC making and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and Cf from thence to the Village of Glenion, in the Counties of Lincoln and Northampton" were read: — And,

Mr. Fulvecod Sander Jon, being examined, said. That the said lait-mentioned Act is expired, and a considerable Sum of Mom y borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted remains due and unpaid: — Then,

Another Act, pafifed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for <c draining, prcieiving, and improving, certain Lands c* lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including fX the Flamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) ll eston, Moulton, (l IFhaplode, Holbsach, Fleet, Cedney, Sutton Saint Mary <c and Sutton Saint Nicholas, oth^rwife Lutton, all in i( South Holland, in the County of Lincoln " was also read: — And,

Mr. Sander Jon being further examined, said, Thar, in order to enable the Trustees appointed by the f.i;d lait-rr.entioned Act effectually to fee lire the Lands comprized within the Drainage therein provided for, it is expedient, that so much of the said Bank as extends frotn Spalding High Bridge to B*otherhonje, should be taken fiom the Care of the present Trustees, and vefu d in the Trailers under the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty. He further laid, that it will be a great Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and to the Public, if a Road is made upon the Lid Bank from Spalding Ilish Bridge, through the Parish of Spalding, to Brotherhouse, in the Parish of Cropland, in the said County of Lincoln, being Part of the Road directed ;o be made by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of 1 lis present Majesty. — And the Witness added, That it will be requifuc that the Trustees under the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Rmgn, Iboukl be enabled to take certain Tolls, in order to enable them to put the said Bank and Road i >ro a thorough S:*te of Repair, and also to compound with the several Creditors under the said Alt of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for the several Sums of Money respectively due to them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Trusters for executing an Act, pafifed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining, preserving, " and improving, certain Lands lying in the several " Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of

cc Cow bit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, IVhaplcde, Hoibeach, Fleet, Gtdney, Sutton Saint Mary, and % Sutton c< Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland,

" in the County of Lincoln," to support and repair a certain Bank extending from Spalding High Bridge to Brotherhovje, in the said County, and to amend and repair the Road thereupon; and for compounding with the Creditors under an Act, pafifed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and keeping in Repair the said Road: And that Mr.

Vyner, Junior* and Sir Jdn Yborold, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Francis I'/ocd, Baronet, One of the Sir Francis Participants of the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Paits adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Net- Epworth, tingham, was presented to the House, and read; Tak- ^*oTr*an4 ing Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotring, inclosing, Drainage Bill, draining, and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the several Parishes or Epwcrth> llaxey,

Belton, and Gwfton, in the Lie of Axholme, in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers Powers and Authorities which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to some of the Works of Drainage, within the said Level, now supported and maintained by the said Participants: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, against Inch Parts of the said Bill as may affect the said Drainage and Works; and that such Provision may be made for the Security of the said Drainage and Works as the Floufc shall-think jult and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ir.grofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Smith's Cha-for veiling Part of the Filiates devised by the Will of Jhn Smith, formerly of London, Merchant, for charitable Purposes, in Trustees, to be sold to John,

tfquire, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other t Hates to be settled in lieu thereof, and for regulating the Charity established by the said Will, was read the First Time.

Rcjo'.ved, That the Eill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Proprietors and Occupiers of pe,;t;on fr0„ Lands and Estates in the Parish of Merthyr , in Proprietors of

the County of Glamorgan, whole Names are thereunto ^rTi'd.^" subscribed, was presented to the Floufe, and read; against Brecon Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing the Road from *nd ^c.r.nant

1 r r. , , r 0 a7 Road Bill.

the Neath I urnpike Road, at, or near, Abernant, through Merthyr Yi drill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Public Roads near Rhyd y Blew, in the County of Brecon % and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains Powers for making new Roads, and for laying a burthensome Toll on Ilorfes, Cattle, and Carriages, passing on certain old Roads included in the said Bill, as well as on those passing on such new Roads; and the Petitioners have been informed, and believe, that, under such Powers, ‘it is intended to adopt a new Line or Road through a great Part of the said Parish of Merthyr Yi drill, notwithstanding the old Roads there muff be all afterwards continued and maintained; and that such new Line of Road will not be of general Utility, nor of any Benefit to the Petitioners, that such Tolls will be very oppressive and 1 burthensome

35 Geo. III.

21

Aprilis.

453

Petition from Proprietor* of Ettate* in Gel« ligare agan.lt Brecon and Abcrnant Road Bill.

burthensome to the Public, and particularly to the Petitioners, and yet it is not probable that the same will ever be adequate to the Payment of the Interest of the Money which mull be laid out in the making and repairing the Roads included in the said Bill, and therefore the Petitioners apprehend, that they, and the other Inhabitants of the said Parish of Merthyr will be burthened with the future Repairs of such new Road within the said Parish, which will be highly prejudicial to them, who are already under a very great and heavy F.xpence in Highways in the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think just and reasonable.

A Petition of several Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands and Estates, in the Parish of in the County of Glamorgan, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the said Bill contains Powers for making new Roads, and the Petitioners have been informed, and believe, that, under such Powers, it is intended to adopt a new Line of Road through the said Parish of Gelligare, notwithstanding the old Rqads there

lnuft be all afterwards continued and maintained; and that such new Line of Road will not be of general Utility, nor of any Benefit to the Petitioners, or any of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of and it is not probable that the Tolls to be produced on the Roads included in the said Bill, will ever be

Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. burne, Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of che Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Worcester Debtor* Petition.

Hillingdon and Cowley Inelcsure Bi parted.

Edgworth Inclosure Ri committed.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom' the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and maintaining the present Wafie Grounds, in and Stanion, in the County of Northamptonand such Parc of the Parish of borough, in the same County., as is called Green, and also, for setting out and allotting Lands, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington Chafe, in the said County of Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called 'The or Walk, of Farming , and for extinguishing

such Common Rights, was committed; That the Committee'had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 113 Acres and 3 Roods of Land, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill, and of 10 Acres and One Rood, of Land, who declared themselves neuter-, and that the whole of the Lands, intended to be divided and inclosed, consists of 1,676 Acres or thereabouts; and

Brigstock and Stanion, &c. &c. -Inclosure Bill reported*

adequate to the Payment of the Interest of the Money also, except the Owners of 218 Acres and 3 Roods of which must be laid out thereon, and therefore the Land, entitled to Right of Common on the Lands in-Petitioners apprehend, that they, and the other Inha- tended to be discharged of Common Rights, who re-bitants of the said Parish of Gelligare, will be bur- fused to give their Consent to the Bill, and of 558 thened with the future Repairs of such new Road Acres and 3 Roods of Land, who declared them-within the said Parish, which will be very heavy and selves neuter; and that the whole of the Lands eqti-expensive to them: And therefore praying, That they tied to such Right of Common, consists of 5,346 Acres may be heard, by their Agents, or Counsel, against and 2 Roods of Land; and also, except the Owners and that they may have such Relief in as the House shall think just and

rea-

the said Bill the Premises sonable.

_ And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, now confined in the County Gaol of W was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief. .,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

11

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parishes of Hillingdon and Cowley, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Comr mon Fields, in the Parishes of Hillingdon and Cowley, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

H

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Wafie Ground called Edg-werth Moor, in the Township of Edgworth, in the Vol. L.

of 75 Cottages, having Right of Common on ^he Lanas intended to be discharged of Common Rights, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill, and of 20 Cottages having such Right of Common, who de. dared themselves neuter; and that the whole Number of Cpttages entitled to such Right of Common consists of 181; and that ho Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. , ....

X

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable East Stnkeand Fields, Meadows, Pafttires, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East Stoke and Elfton, fitted, in the County of Nottingham; and for ascertaining the Boundaries between the said Parishes, was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Fox, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Grey, Mr. Arftrather, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Dudley North, Mr. St. John, General Fitzpatrick, Mr. Wilbrabam, M.r.Courtenay, and

5 Z Sir

Managers appointed to in*ke good the Article? Impeachment agan lt Mr. Hillings*

Order* td fee observed on going to the Trial of Me. Hailing*.

Bill fot rtiore eflfeftuil Execution of Act* for Trial* of controverted E left ion*, committed.

Bin for augmenting the Corps of Artillery, &c. committed.

Report from Committee on Act for rendering effectual certain Orders in Council re-fpcfting the Admimon of Effecti.

454 Aprilist -^.1795.

Sir James St.Clair Erskine, be appointed Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Hajlings, Esquire.

Ordered, That the several Order?) made upon the 6th Day of February 1788, be observed on next, when the House go as a Committee of the whole House, to the Trial of Warren Esquire, in

Westminster Hall.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* fotthe Second Reading of the Bill for the more effectual Execution of several Alts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, of Returns of Members to serve in Parliament* be now read.,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejolvtdi That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring Men, for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now serving in the Militia, was read a Second Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council, " of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, rc- spelting the Admission of the Effelts, mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country, to " be Warehoused, and for indemnifying all Persons *« who have acted in Consequence of such Orders)" and for making further Provision respelting the Ships and Effelts mentioned therein, and the Duties to be levied upon the fame, and upon certain other Ships and Effelts, being Dutch Property, the Resolutions which the Committee had direlted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for all Naval and Military Stores, Timber, and Iron, imported into this Kingdom, to take the Benefit of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An All for rendering effectual His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and " Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven - hundred and Ninety-five, respelting the Admission " of the Effelts mentioned in the said Orders, into the Ports of this Country to be Warehoused, and " for indemnifying all Persons who have ailed in Con-f* fcquence of such Orders," there shall be charged, respectively, the lowest Custom Duty that is now by Law payable on Naval and Military Stores, Timber, and Iron, respectively, when imported from the Northern Countries of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for all manufactured Tobacco so imported, there shall be charged the same Duties of Customs and Ex-cife as are payable for Tobacco duly and regularly imported from the Brit Jo Plantations, or from the United States of America, except that for such Tobacco as shall rot be of the Growth of the Plantations, or the United States of America, there shall be charged, upon taking the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, the same Duties as such Tobacco would be liable to on Importation from other Countries.

Resolved, That it is the.Opinion of this Committee, That for all manufactured Tobacco so imported, except Snuff, there shall be charged an additional Duty of Six Pence per Pound.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for all Snuff so imported and taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, there shall be charged the same Duty as the said Snuff would be liable to upon a regular Importation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for all Materials for Manufactures so imported, there shall be charged the lowest Duties that are now by Law payable thereupon, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That for all Sugar and Coffee so imported and taken out of Warehouses for Home Consumption, there shall be charged the like Duties, respectively, as are now payable on Foreign Sugar and Coffee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That for all Wines and Spirits so imported, there shall be charged, respectively* the like Duties to which the same are liable by Law on the due Importation thereof from the respective Places of their Growth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That all Wearing Apparel, Jewels, Watches, and Trinkets, belonging to private Persons, Plate, Pictures, Prints, and Drawings, Books, Household Furniture, or Household Linen, not new, shall be allowed to be so imported Duty-free, on Proof that the Owners thereof reside in Great Britain, and that such Articles are only for private Use.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Goods so imported, which are prohibited to be used in this Kingdom, shall be delivered out of Warehouses for Exportation only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for all Goods so imported, and not before enumerated, which may be legally imported, or may not be absolutely but circumstantially prohibited, there shall be charged, if used in this Kingdom, such Duties as would be due for the same on a regular Importation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon Ships so brought into the Ports of this Kingdom, there shall be charged for each and every One hundred Pounds of their Value, a Duty of Five Pounds Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Duties shall be charged respectively upon all Goods and Effelts belonging fto the Persons mentioned in the said Alt, which may have been imported into this Kingdom, and permitted to be Warc-housed, previous to the said Orders in Council, or may have been carried for Security to Hamburgh, or to some Other Port of Germany, or of the Baltic or East Country, and may be brought from thence into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That' it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Duties shall be charged respectively upon all Ships, Goods, and Effelts belonging to Subjects or Inhabitants of the United Provinces, which may have been, or may hereafter be, detained in; or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom, and may be fold therein.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upoo the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ryder, the Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, dp prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

35 Geo. III.

21

Aprilii.

455

Petition from . A Petition of the Incorporation of Guildry of Bun- to report, when the House will please to receive the fermline, was presented to the House, and read; Set- fame. rerpoAing the ting forth. That the Petitioners, deeply impressed with , That the Report be received upon 'ThurJ-

Vfw. - a Sense of the aweful and alarming State of Public day Morning next.

Affairs, find it their bounden Duty at this Time to ap-

proach the House: The Petitioners freely declare their true and unlhaken Attachment to the Monarch on the Throne, and their firm Determination to support the genuine Principles of their most excellent Constitution, should any Attempt, from whatever Quarter,

Foreign or Domestic, be made to subvert it: The Petitioners deplore the Evils of the present disastrous

War, the Continuance of which must necessarily more _ , .

and more injure the Trade and Commerce of this Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fof resuming Nation, and particularly, from the Situation in which *}?e adjourned Consideratton of the Report from the of Reporton Matters are with regard to Holland, the said Place as Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Scotch Dtrt.i-a Manufacturing Town, as well as others, must soon granting to His Majesty, additional Duties on Distil-feel very calamitous Effects from the Want of Mate- ler,« Gotland, and on the Exportation of rials which come from that Country, without a Supply SP'r," fr?m En&land f° and from

of which many Families must soon be destitute of Em- lan{ E"&l*nd> committed, be now read, ployment: The Petitioners beg Leave humbly to ex- And the said Order being read accordingly;

press to the House their firm Opinion, that, consider- fThe House resumed the adjourned Confutation

- ----- - r ----- - of the said Report.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for. making perpetual the Duties on certain Licences.

And the said Clause was Twice read) and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for removing Doubts respecting the Duties imposed

The Order of the Day being read* for the House #oor Removal to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, B,u drferrw,« upon the Bill to prevenc the Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

lery additional Duties Bill resumed*

ing the respectable Footing upon which this Country now stands, that this is the proper Period, before the opening of another Campaign, to make an Effort towards the obtaining of Peace, if it can be got on just and honourable Terms; and it is their decided Conviction, that, if the French shall be so mad as to spurn at such a Proposal, this Measure will have the sure

and happy Effect of uniting the People of Great Bri- _ - . . A.

tain in the vigorous ProfecSmon of the War, and the de'n Thirty-first Year of the Reign

Petitioners will be found among the readiest of His °* . Pr . i1* Majesty.

Committee oft Mackerel Fifti-cry Bill.

Majesty's Loyal Subjects to stand forward, to the last Means of Exertion, in Defence of their Country: And therefore praying,. That the House, disclaiming all Right of interfering in the internal Concerns of France, will be pleased to take such Measures, as they, in their Wisdom, shall think proper, for the Purpose of putting a speedy Stop to the further Effusion of Human Blood, and that the Blelfings of Peace may again be restored to the British Empire.

OrderedThat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, rfor the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the Mackerel Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir iVilliam Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Iflanfis, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ro/e took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ro/e reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,- which they had directed him to report, when the House will please' to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thurs-day Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Ro/e do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

Committee oft

Bill forindem* nifying Go-trei nors, &c* in the West India Ilhnds*

Sea Infu ranee* Duties re-committed BiJl

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on reported, and

Committee on Southern Whale Fishe* Ties Bill.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Captain Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Captain Berkeley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

again re committed.

Sea Insurances, was re-committed.

Mr. Ro/e accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That fotne further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. to consider1 further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said considered Committee.

Mr.

The Lonls have agreed to

Wigan and Piflton Road Bill.

The Lords hive passed

Chaplin's

Agreement

Bill.

Dolphin's Elbte Bill.

Bill to appor* tion the Relief directed to he given to the Families of Militia Men, . committed.

Report on Petition of certain bull* rentiers to the Vcte: inary Colh gc recommitted.

Account of VtlTci* ar i ivrd from Africa in the Welt In«lia 1 (lands w11It . Slates pic-iVuted.

456 Aprilis. - A. 1795.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. - 5th of Ja 1794 and the' 5 th of 1795, with

Mr. Wigleytook the Chair of the Committee. the Number of Slaves imported therein; distinguishing

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. from what Part of the Chaft taken on board, and ac

Mr. Wigleyreported from the Committee, That they what Island in th Indies landed; also distinguish-

had made some further Amendments to the Bill, which ing the Men from the Women, and the Boys from the they had directed him to report, when the House will Girls; together with the Number of Negroes that died please to receive the same. from the Time of their being taken on board till their

Ordered, That the Report be received upon YhurfdayArrival in the West Indies, so far as the same can be

Morning next. made up.

And then he withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. And the Title of the said Account was read.

Pepys: . Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

Mr. Speaker, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An The said Account is preserved amongst the other

Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg- Papers of this Session.

ing the Powers of an Act, of the Nineteenth Year of

His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, OrdThat the Order of the Day, for the House Bill widening, and attending the Roads from Wigan to PreJ- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, inland

ten,in the County Palatine of Lancaster, without any upon the Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Navigations Amendment: And also, Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable deferrcd*

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great,

effectuating an Agreement entered into between Charles to be registered, be now read.

Chaplin, Esquire, and the Mailer of the Hospital of And the said Order being read accordingly;

Saint Michael the Archangel, at Well,in the County Refo That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

of York, and the Vicar of the Parish of Well aforesaid, ing, resolve'itself into the said Committee, for making certain Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- .

ments, in the said Parish, and in the Hamlet of Snape, The other Order of the Day being read, for receiv- Receiptsa<w;. within the same, subject to certain Trulls, Rights, or ing the Report from the Committee of the whole House, j;air«^rted. Interests, in Favour of the said Hospital, and to an Act to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain nual Portion or Payment to the Vicar of Well, in Lieu additional Duties on Receipts, was committed ;' of other Lands and Tythes at Well and Snape afore- Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the said Report, said, and Masham,in the said County; to which the Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Corn-

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had

also, made to the Bill, and which they had directed tobe

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for reported to the House; and he read the Report in his veiling the settled Estates, late of Jcrbn Dolphin, Ef- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the quire, deceased, in the County of Stafford,in Trustees, Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:'Where the to be sold for Payment of the Portions of the younger Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Children of the said John Dolphin, and for the other a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords de- severally ptot thereupon,' were agreed to by the fire the Concurrence of this House. House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. ... ' Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Bill to apportion the Relief by the several Statutes now in Force, directed to be given to the Wives and' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Families of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, ' Morning, Tfcn of the Clock.

Fifers, and Privates serving in the Militia, between the -County at large and the peculiar Districts therein not

Contributing to the County Rate,: according to the ----- - — — ----- --- — ----- ----- -- i ——

Number of Men serving for each "in such Militia, was,:

according to Order, read a Seeend Time.-Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the-' Bill be committed to a Com-: .;

mittee of the whole House. Anno 35* Georgii III,n Regis, 1795.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Pray'ers. -

House, upon the said Bill.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Clarke'sCba. Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in which was Yesterday made from the' Committee, to Manchester, Crumpfall, and Yet low, in the County of whom the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, Lancaster, called Lands, to make Leases

and others, Subscribers to an Institution called TheVe-for Years upon Rack Rents, and also to grant Build-terinary College, was referred; ing Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. uPn *H or any Part of the said Lands under reserved Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to Yearly Rents, was read the First Time, the Committee, to whom the said Petition was re- ...Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, ferred.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Chaplin's The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from Act for effectuating an Agreement entered into be-the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of tween C Esquire, and the Mailer of the " ie< Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; Hospital of Michael the Archangel,'at Well, in and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the County of and the Vicar of the Parish of

:their Order, Well aforesaid, for- making certain Lands, Tcne-

An Account of the Number of Vessels, their Ton- ments,' and Hereditaments, in the-laid Parish, and nage, and Number of Men, that have arrived from in the Hamlet of within the same, subject to

Africa, in the British West IndiaIflands, between the certain Trusts,--Rights, or Ihterefts, in Favour-of

o ' the

Vr Thomas KLyffixT* Eftalc Bill reported, and passed.

Petition froifc" the Duke of Nweastle against the Bill

for amending the Trent and Klerfey Canal Acts, &c. &c.

Mr. Mash'i Petition reposted.

3 5 Geo. III. 2 z° Jprilis.

457

the said Hospital, and to an Annual Portion or Payment to the Vicar of Well in Lieu of other Lands and Tythes at Well and Snape aforesaid, and in

the said County, was read the Kirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. W'tgleyreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled," An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates late of Sir 'Thomas Kyffn, Knight, deceased, in Trustees,' for railing" Money to pay and discharge his Mortgage and Specialty Debts, and for other Purposes, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Committee had gonp through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth;

Pr. 14. 1*34. Leave out and insert

" Lenthal."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved', That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment, to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Petition of the rnoft Noble Thomas Duke of -

tajlle, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a navigable Communication between the Trent and Canal, and the

Burton Canal at Sncbnall, in the County of Stafford, and for amending the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law it would materially affect his Property, and be very injurious to him: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, before the same is suffered to be read a Second Time, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petition* r be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fir.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of 3"bunas Baucutt , was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Baucutt Mash, the Petitioner, informed the Committee, That the latter End of November or the beginning of Decemberlaft, ,he received an Order from his f ather to purchase for him £. 1,500 Three per Cent. Consolicated Annuities: — That he applied, according to his Directions, to his Broker, by whom he was advised not to buy then, as he might have them for the coming out of the new Loan One per Cent. Vol. L.

cheaper- — The Money then laying in his Hands useless till that Time, the Broker proposed lending it on Fifty Lottery Tickets, which heaffuredhim was good Security, and that he should receive a Premium of Three Shillings per Ticket, without being answerable for the Rife or Fall of the Price of them, but receive the whole of the Money lent — That, not being in the least acquainted with the Stocks, or the Lottery Tickets; he readily accepted the Broker's Offer, and wholly relied on his Judgment, believing he was sufficiently acquainted with the Business to settle the Whole of it.

That on applying to the Broker on Monday the 16th of February last, he was informed thac the Lottery Tickets were fold, and that £.525. 1 id. of his Money was at the Exchequer, and which he could not obtain without a Memorial to the Lords Copi-missioners of His Majesty's Treasury — That he was extremely furprifced at this Information, as until that Moment he had no Idea that he had any Thing whatever to do with the Tickets, but that he was to reccivd the Money lent (which he always expected amounted to the whole Value of the Tickets) from a Mr. Jobjtfon, the Person the Broker told him he had -

lent the Money to.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported Mackerel from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Fifl,ery the Bill for the Encouragement of the Mackerel reporte Fishery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon^ were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as Indemnity h.'.ve omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Bl11 P*11*1, Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to regrfter or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and fa$' giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to ^provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons

6 A as

Bill to make further Provision respeeting Ships and Effects come to take the Benefit of certain Orders in Council, pret'c jited.

Committee of Ways and McaftJ*

Cmnmittee on Bill for registering Veil'd* used on Inland Navigations*

Supply

deferred*

458 22° — 23°

as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors} for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for giving further Time to such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to make further Provifxon respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the 16th and 21 ft Days of January 1795 > and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Aprilis. A. 1795.

Jovis ,23° die Aprilis;

Anno 35° Georgii III111 Regis 1795.

Prayers.

MR. Sumner reported from the Co/nmittee, to Re-commit«eif whom the Report was re-committed, which Reportonfe-was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition subscrii*rs of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others. Sub- the Veterinary feribers to an Institution called ‘The Veterinary College, re* was referred; That the Committee had examined the said Report, and had corrected an Inaccuracy therein, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

It appeared to your Committee, That Mr." William Mounfher, the Secretary to the Veterinary College, is therein dated to have said, That in estimating the probable future Expence of conducing the Affairs of the Institution, a less Sum than f. 16,000 per Annum, would be inefficient to carry all the Objects of the Institution into full Effect; and, that the said Sum of 16,000 had, through an Inaccuracy, been inserted in the said Report, instead of f. 1,600, which was the Sum mentioned by the Witness. —

And, with respect to every other Parc of the Evidence, your Committee beg Leave, to refer the House to the said Report.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Haftingi. Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Wcfhnin-fler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately;, and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was-no Person in the said Places or Passages.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Ef«

quire, be now called over.

And they were called over accordingly; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Wefl~ minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

Wootten and

Borelhill Incloluie Bill reported.

Kan Brink and King's Lynn Drainage B.ll reported.

Aylesbury and Marlow, &c. Roads Bill passed«

35 Geo. III. 230 Aprills. 459

Mr. Vavfttart reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Fields, Lot Ground, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Wade Ground, in Wootlon and Eorejkill,in the Parish of , in

the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and (ound that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Corhmittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Placfc j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

Sir George Jackson reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford L, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk,draining through the same to Sea,

by the pLthour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of WiggenhSaint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the Parish of Waterbeach, in the County of Cambridge, whefe Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Order of the House, of the th Day of March last, for making Application to the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands which will be cut through by the Alteration to be made in the Width of the said Cut, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned in the Drainage had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 18,515 Acres of Land, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 20,898 Acres of Land, who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Owners of 51,748 Acres of Land, who are Abroad, or could not be found; and that the whole of the Lands, propol'ed to be drained by the Bill, consists of 300,000 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have aflenred, dilfented, or declared themselves neuter, with respect to the Canal proposed to be made by the said Bill; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table ! Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening; altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Aylesbury, through Princes Rifborough, to Wycombe, and from thence to Red Barn, in the Parish

of Great Marlow,all in the County of Buckingham, and also the Road from Princes Rifboroitgh aforesaid to Thame, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clausewas offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent a Side Gate being erected across the Thame Road.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for determining what Land shall be deemed Parks, Orchards, or Gardens, within the meaning of the Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Refdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road between and through Princes Rifborough, to Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates, late of John Dolphin, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Portions of the Younger Children of the said John Dolphin, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Kigbley to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and several other Roads therein respectively described, lb far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Kighlsy to Halifax aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Thatthe Bill do pass: AndthattheTitlebe, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Kigbley to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and several other Roads therein respectively described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Kigbley to Halifax afare-said.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire cheir Concurrence.

Mr. Mundy preferred to the House. according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waile Lands, Common Fields, and Mefiie Inclosures, within the Manor and Parish of Eckington, in the County of Derby:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, and leafing, or letting, certain Commons or Waste Grounds within the Borough and Township of , in the County of

Chester, and for applying the Profits of Part of the same in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or Public Expences, within the said Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, and leafing, or letting, certain

Dolphin's Estate Bill read.

Kighley and Halifax Road Bill pafl'ed.

Eckington Incbiure Bill prerented*

Cocglv-ton ] nclolure Bill pail'ed.

Petition for Leave to present a Petition for Relief on Account of the breaking of the Barrier-Banks of the Middle an<l South Levels.

Leave given.

Middle and South Levels Bu rier Banks

Petition,

Little Sheffield, Sparrow-pit Gate, &c. Roads Bill pre Tented.

460 2 30 Aprilis. 1795

tain Commons or Waste Grounds within the Borough widening the Roads from in the County

and Township of Congletcn, in the County of Chester,of For through the Towns of Hope, and

and for applying the Profits of Part of the same in Aid Cajlleton, to Sparrowpit Cate, in the County of "Derby, of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or Public Expences, and from the Guide Port near Barber's Fields Cupola, within the said Township. through Grindleford Bridge, Great

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do carry Hardgate- and Fairfield, to a House known by the Bill so the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the Sign of 'The Angel, i.n in the County of

Derby, and for granting further and other Powers for A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Pe- that Purpose: And the same was received and read tition of the several other Persons, whose Names are the First Time.

thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands lying in, Rejol That the Bill be read a Second Time, and adjoining to, the Middle and South Levels of the

Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee* to Derby, Shes-

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of

That the Barrier Banks of the said Middle and South Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the worth, Roads

Levels have been broken by the late Floods, and the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Billrsported.'

Lands of the Petitioners and others thereby inundated, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present

to the Extent of 200,000 Acres, and upwards* and Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

that the said Lands are chiefly of a very fertile Sort, The near the North End of the Town of

and capable of producing Wheat, Oats, Barley, Cole Derby, through the Towns of and

Seed, Mustard Seed, Hemp, Flax, Potatoes, and Cat- in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in

tie, in great Abundance, and the Consequence of their the County of York, and from the said Town of Duf~

being Overflowed will be very detrimental to the field to the Moot Hall in the Town in

Community at large, as well as to the Petitioners and the said County of Derby, was committed; That the

others in their individual Capacity, for a considerable Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,'

Time to come* and that the Effects of the said recent and found the same to be true* and that the Corn-Calamity are so important and extensive, and the Diffi- mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several culties that prevent the Country from being relieved Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him therefrom so great, that the Powers at present in Ex- to report to the House and he read the Report in his istence are wholly insufficient for that Purpose, and the Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Act and Authority of Parliament is become indilpen- Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the sably necessary: And therefore praying. That Leave Amendments were Once read throughout and then may be given to exhibit a Petition for Relief and a Second Time, One by One* and, upon the Ques-Assistance in the Premises by Bill, or otherwise, in such tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House House.

shall seem meet. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular ingrossed.

Circumstances fee forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said No- A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons Greyffok* blemen and other Persons,. Owners of Lands lying in and Waste Grounds, within the Barony of ineiofureBi#

and adjoining to the Middle and South Levels of the in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time. comm, Rec1, Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level. Rejo, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hotvard, Then a Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Sir 'Thomas Gascoigne, &cc. 1 And they are to meet this Petition of the several other P'ersons, whose Names Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's are thereunder mentioned, was presented to the House,. Chamber, and read Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the

Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying in, and adjoin- A Bill for amending, widening, improving, and Dean Fore* ing to, the Middle and'South Levels of the Great keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His ^"^iued. Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level that the Bar- Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto rier Banks of the said Middle and South Levels have belonging, in the County of , and for turn-

been broken by the late Floods, and the Lands of the ing, altering, and changing the Course of the said Petitioners and others thereby inundated, to the Extent Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said of 200,000 Acres and upwards* and that the said Lands Forest to lead to certain Places in and near the same are chiefly of a fertile Sort, and capable of producing and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-Wheat, Oats, Barley, Cole Seed, Mustard Seed, pair certain Roads from the Bottom of a Place called Hemp, Flax, Potatoes, and Cattle, in great Abundance, The Vincy Hill, in the said Forest, through the Tything of and the Consequence of their being Overflowed will Etloe and Dutchy of Etloe, to and through the Tythings be very detrimental to the Community at large, as of Gatcomb and Purton, and to the River Severn, in the well as to the Petitioners and others in their individual Parish of in the said County of Gloucester, was

Capacity, for a considerable Time to come: And read a Second Time.

therefore praying, That Leave may be given for the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Captain Petitioners to substantiate to the House the Calamities Berkeley, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this

that have happened, and the Difficulties that prevent Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's the Country from being relieved of its Inundations by Chamber.

Means of any Powers at present in Existence and that

the House will give such Relief in the Premises, as to A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr., The Lord, them shall seem fit and expedient. Pepys: have*gr*cdi*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Mr. Speaker,

Table. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the tveralLaw* Lord Join Cavendijhpresented to the House, accord- Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- relative to thing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and jesty, to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, Wherries, Smacks, Ca*0,n* repealing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the or Yawls, of any Built whatever for amending an Act,

Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of present Majesty, more effectually jo secure the Per-the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and formanctf* of Quarantine, and for amending several

8 Laws-

35 Geo. III.

i3'

4 6t

Bill for making Allowances to Militia Offi-

Cheddar incloiuie Bill.

Worsley and Bennington Canal Bill.

Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs; for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to " the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom}" and forauthorizing the Commissioners of Exciseat Edinburgh to grant Licences to Manufacturers and Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, within the Limits

of the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords halve agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Sub- eluding certain Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of

England, for One Year, beginning thf Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Navy undvic-Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Annuiue«Bin. Victualling Bills; without anV Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Paf-

ture Land in the Parish of IVintringham, in the County of Lincoln, called The Cow Pasture, comprising or in-

Wintringham Inclosure Bill with Amend* menu.

altern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace; with out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cheddar, in the County of Somerset-, without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, to make a Navigable Cut from his present Navi-

Burnley and Bury Road Bill.

IVintringham, called The Marsh, Rotten Sykes, Low Grovts, and Western Greens, and other Land or Ground lying between the same Pasture and the River Humber, and for dividing, inclosing, and apportioning certain other Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the same Parish, called The Ccinpofltion Clojes and Hall

Clojes, and for other Purposes; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concur- The Lord, rence of this House: And also, haVe Passed

____ r______ __________ The Lords have pa fled a Bill, intituled, An Act to Threipiand*.

gation, in the Township of Worsley,in the County Pa- enable Patrick Murray , and the Heirsof En- Exchan8eB,1‘*

latine of Lancaster, to the Township of Pennington, near tail in the Lands and Efface of Barnhill, to exchange the Town of Leigh, in the said County; without any the said Lands and Estate of Barnhill, lying in the County of Perth, for certain Parts of the Lands and

Expiring Lmws Bill. (Customi.)

Loitcry Bill.

Vo'c of Credit Bill.

Bill for enabling Magistrate* ro raiie Men for the Navy.

Wl)um, Parchment, he. additional Duties Bill.

Militia Pay Bill.

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bury to Haslingden, at or near Chapel, in

the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of 'Fallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; and to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas: without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raifc the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Magistrates in the several Coun* ties in Great Britain to raise and levy, under certain

Regulations, such able-bodied and idle Persons as shall be found within the said Counties, to serve in His Majesty's Navy; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for repealing a certain Exception as far as relates to Bonds given as Security for the Payment of One hundred Pounds, or under, contained in an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called VoL L.

Goddard'* Estate Bill*

Parts

Estate of Fingajk, lying within the said Councv of Perth,

belonging to Stuart Tbreipland, of Fingajk, Physician in Edinburgh, in Life-rent, and the said Patrick Murray Tbreipland in Fee; to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hul.-ne's amending an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Efafcs*&e* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ,f An Act to 1 " enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by - Ham Hulme, Esquire, to grant Building Leases " thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners to Brazen No/e College, in -founded by the said Testator, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," and to enable the Trustees to convey in

Fee, or grant Leases for Lives, or for long Terms of Years, with or without Covenants for Renewal, or for perpetual Renewal, under reserved Yearly Rents, the said Trust Estates, and to enable the Trustees to apply the Trust Monies in making such Allowance to the Exhibitioners as may be thought proper, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords de-desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a certain Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend William Goddard, in the County of ,in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances aflfcfting the fame, and the remaining Part of the said settled Estates, and for veiling the Surplus of the Money arising from the Sale thereof (if any) in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates now Hand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocbin do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, altering, and improving the Road leading from the Great North Road, in the Town of Stamford, and County of Lincoln, through the Town of Oakham, to the Great North Road aforesaid, at, or near a House called The Cross Guns, in the Parish of Greetham, and County of Rutland, was committed.

Mr. Pcchin accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,which they haddirested

6 B to

Stamford and Greetham Road Bill reported.

Petition from certain Owners of Mills, &c. on the River Trent, against Stoke upon Tient ami Newcastle under Lyme Canal Bill.

Ac*uint of N° of Vessels that have arrived in Scotland from Greenland and the Southern Fishery, presented.

Scotch fniull Debts Kill put off lor Three Months*

Scotch finall Debts Bill rd«rcd»

462 230 Apr A. 1795.

to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Owners' or Occupiers of Mills, Forges, and other Works, upon the River , between Stoke upon Trent, in the County of , and

Cavendish Bridget in the County of Derby, and of the Owners of Fisheries in the said River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mer/ey, at or near Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the said County; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, should the said Bill pass into a Law as it now Rands, they shall be greatly injured in their Property: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed, that Mr. Winter, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, that have arrived in the several Ports of Scotland, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1789, from Greenland and the Southern Fishery, together with the Quantity and Value of the Whale Oil and Whalebone imported therein, and the Amount of Bounties or Premiums claimed and paid by the respective Fisheries during that Year: And also,

A11 Account of the Number of Vessels, their Tonnage, and Number of Men, that have arrived in the several Ports of Scotland, between the 5th of January 1789 and the 5th of January 1795, from Greenland and the Southern Fishery, together with the Quantity and Value of the Whale Oil and Whalebone imported therein, and the Amount of Bounties or Premiums claimed and paid by the respective Fisheries during that Time; dif-tiuguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and extend the Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for rendering the Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. Pringle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement; " Employment and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cafes, was committed;

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to tire said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Captain Berkeley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendmepts, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to'Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:* Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions Eight hundred and Ninety-five Thousand Pounds, out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of The Consolidated Fund.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill more eft'edtually to prevent the Healing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to make further Provision respetting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take

the

Poor Relief Bill re-committed.

Southern Whale Fifc-eries Bill reported.

Report Wap and Means.

Surplus of

Consolidated

Fund.

Bill to present the flea) itig of dead Bodies, puliponed, _J

Bill to make further Prori-fion respecting Ships and Et-

feat come to tike the Benefit of Certain Orderi in Council, committed.

Committee on Bill for augmenting the Corps of Artillery, Sc c.

Instructione.

King's Consent to Brig-fioclc and Sta-nion, See. Sic, loclosure Bill.

Committee on Bill to prevent Delay in the Execution of Writs for Scotland.

35 Geo. III. 23* Jp* 453

the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the 16th and 21st Days of January 1795, and to Prov>de for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring Men, for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now l'erving in the Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for removing Doubts concerning the Power of the Officer next in Command in any Militia Corps during the Absence of the Colonel or other commanding Officer.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for providing certain Regulations respecting Militia Officers, who may have accepted Commissions in Fencible Corps.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to empower His Majesty to displace Deputy Lieutenants and Officers in the Militia.

Then the Houl'c resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill, and that he was ciire>51ed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, To-noorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Mead >ws, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in and in

the County of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish o {' Sudboroitgb, in the same County, as is called borough Green, and also, for setting out and allotting Lands, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington Chafe, in the said County of

Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called The Haye, or Walk, of Farming and for extin-

guishing such Common Rights, which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chanct-iiur of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Conlent, as far as His Majesty's Incereft is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent unnecefiai«y Delay in the Execution of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be how received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelf1 into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of British-m&de Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an Act» made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Arglcs Bifloop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva-, and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Perkins acting as such, in the J'/eJl Lidia Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Infurar.ces, was again rc-commitred;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House; to whom the Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered, was committed;

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the said Report.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then 2 a Second

D ized by

reported*

Expiring Laws Bill deferred* (Exciic.)

B 11 for indemnifying Governor?, See. in the West India. } (lands, defer-led.

Sea Infurmces Dunes again re-committed Bill deferred*

Bill for iegif-terine VefleU used on Inland Navigations reported*

Proceedings on Bill to pi event the Healing of dead Bodies.

Woodbormigh Inclosure Bill committed.

Wallingfoid Paving, See, Bill reported.

AhhottsBrom-ley Inclosure Bill jnflwd.

464 2/ — 2 40 1795.

a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Bill more effectually to prevent the dealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment, be now read a Second Time;

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock j

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 240 Aprilis;

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

AB I LL for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of,

in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mi*. pont, Mr. St. John, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Francis Sykes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of IVaHingford, in the County of Berks, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true } and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Ptace j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbotts Bromley, otherwise Pagets Bromley,in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act fyr dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbotts , otherwise Pagets

Bromley, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That the Earl Gower Sutherland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Arable Fields. Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Parnden, in the County of Essex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty- sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of GJqfgozv, so far as the same relate to the District of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District of Road, so far as the same relate to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to , and lead-

ing to Calder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Bal~ more, to or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near Lawmuir, to the Town of Old Kilpatrick, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Rujb-brooke, Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, in the most Noble Charles Marquis Corn, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of equal Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles I'ownpend, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields within the Hamlets of Upper Eatington and Fulready, in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in the County of Wand for taking down and re-building the Church of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common

Great Pirn-don Inclosure Bill presented*

Inchbelly

Bridge and Glasgow, kc. Roadt Bill repotted.

Rushbrooke'i Estate Bill committed.

Eatington Inclosure and Church Bill passed.

Hackney Church Bill palTtd.

Eaton Socon Inclosure recommitted Bill reported.

Owmby In do* sure Bill committed.

Millbrooke Inclosure Bill committed

Halifax Church Bill passed*

35 Geo. III. 240 Aprilis.465

Common Fields within the Hamlets of Upper Eating- OrderThat Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the ton and Fulready, in the Parish of Lower Eatington,in Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the County of Warwick , and for taking down and rebuilding the Church of the said Parish. Mr. Sloane reported from the Committee, to whom itchin Navi-

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the several Acts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of

King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh of His An ingossed Bill for amending an Act, passed in the present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, R'vcr in the County of , and for

intituled, "An Act for taking down the Church and improving the Navigation thereof and for ascertain-" Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint "John, at ing the Rates of Riverage, Tonnage, and Wharfage;

Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for build- payable thereon, was committed; That the Corrt-

ing another Church and Tower for the Use of the hiittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and " said Parish, and for makinsan additional Cemetery found the same to be true; and that the Committee or Church Yard," and for raising a further Sum had gone through the Bill* and made several Amend-of Money for completing the said Church, arid other frients thereunto, which they had directed him to reworks, was read the Third Time. port to £he House, together with a List of the Names

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of the Persons who have assented to the said Bill, as be, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thir- required by the Standing Order of the House; and he tieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tuled, An Act for taking down the Church and the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift;

" Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John, at at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for build- Order That the said Report do lie upon the <r ing another Church and Tower for the Use of the Table.

" said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery

" or Church Yard," and for raising a further Sum of Sir John reported from the Committee, to othoumh?

Money for completing the said- Church, and other whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open injure nlu Works. Common ' Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Le MeJurierdo carry Lands, in the Parish of in the County of

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur- Lincoln, and a Plot of Half Years Meadow Land, rence. 4 called Mick/ing , in the said Parish, and in the

Parish of , in the said County, was committed;

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom That the Committee had examined and found that the the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of In-mon Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Common- closure, had been complied with, except with respect able Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton Socon, to a certain Plot of Ground, called Mickling Meadow, in the County of Bedford, was re-committed j That of which Notices were affixed on the Church Doot the Committee had made several other Amendments Three Sundays in the Month of last; and that

to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to all the Parties interested in the Inclosure are confertt-th© House; and he read the Report in his Place; and »ng thereto; and th^t; the Committee had examined afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments true; and that the Committee had gone through the were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which One by One; and, upon the Question severally put they had directed him to report to the House; and he thereupon, were agreed to by the'House. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's ingossed. Table: Where the Aincndmenrs were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; .

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were mon Fields, and such other Commonable Lands and agreed to by the House.

Waste Grounds as are within, and solely belonging to Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be the Lordfiiip of Owmby, in the Parish of Searby, in the ingossed.

County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St.Sir John reported from the Committee, to Swarby incio-John, Sir John Thor old, &c.: And they are to meet whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open ported!'* re‘ this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Fields and Meadows, Common Stinted Pasture, and 1 Chamber. Waste Lands, in the Parish of Swarby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the mon Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, House, relative to Bills of Inclosure; had been corti-Common Warren, and Waste Grounds, within the plied with; and that the Committee had examined Parish of Millbrooke, in the County of Bedford, was the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be read a Second Time. ' true; and that the Parties concerned had given their

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St. Confenoto the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-John, Mr. Powys, See.: And they are to meet this mittee; and that the Committee had gone through Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto.

Chamber. which they had directed him to report to the House;

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards An ingossed Bill for building a new Church or delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Chapel in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once the County of York, was read the Third Time. read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon^ be. An Act for building a new Church or Chapel in were agreed to by the House;

the Town of Halifax,in the West Riding of the County Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of York. . ingossed.

Vol. L. 6 C Mr.

Kill for repair in£, &c. the Footways of Ken 'ink* ton IIish Street, reported.

Petition from certain TrusteenofMump*! Brook, her. Roads against Rochdale, lialifax, and Pa!and Road

»II.

2 40 Aprilis.

J. 1795.

Mr. Tucker Steward reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for keeping in Repair the Footways in the High Street of the Town of , in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting and watching

the said Sti eet, and also certain Courts and Alleys communicating the rewith, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ac the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingfoffed.

A Petition of the several Person9, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from s

" within Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, " to Rippondert, in the West Riding of the County " of York, and a Branch therefrom, at or near,

" to, or near to, Brownhill, and another Branch therefrom, at or near Grains, to Delph, all within " dleworth, in the said Riding," was prefenred to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That upwards of £. 10,600 hath been subscribed by several of the Petitioners, together with divers other Persons, for procuring the said Act, and towards the Expences of making and maintaining the said intended Turnpike Road and its Branches, the Re-payment whereof is to be secured to the Subscribers upon the Tolls by the said Act authorized to be collected; and that, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, the Trustees thereby nominated held their first Meeting at the Angel Inn, in Oldham aforesaid, on Friday the 10th Day of this Instant April, and did then and there proceed to the Execution of the said Act, and made several Orders for forwarding the making the said intended Turnpike Road; and Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine o {Lancaster,to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand,in the County of York; and further Set-

ting forth, that the Petitioners are thoroughly convinced that the said Bill, if passed into a Law as it now Hands, will be very injurious to the Interests of the said intended Turnpike Road to be made from Mump's Brook to Ripponden aforesaid, and its Branches, and to the Persons who have subscribed Money for making and maintaining the said Road and Branches: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Countel, and Agents, against such Part of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law, as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, and Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the most Noble Thomas Duke of Pension from

Newcastle, was presented to the House, and read; of

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintain- aeainst Stoke ing a Navigable Canal from and out of the Naviga- "{^"^"caflle tion from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke „nderLyme upon Trent, in the County of Staffor, to the Town of Canal bi».

Newcastle under Lyme, in the said County; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner apprehends, (fiotild the said Bill pass into a Law, as it now stands, he shall be injured in his Property: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affeft the Petitioner, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed j and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, Gainiburgh to whom the Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, Drai°nagr,a&e. draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Eill reported Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

Wastes, and other Uninclosed Grounds, withiti the Township of Gainsburgh, in the Parish of,

in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Corn-pen fation for the Tythes arising within the said Totfn-ship, and within the Lordship of Thonock, in the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Proprietor, assessed to the Land Tax at ,£. 3. is. 4 d.who is out of the Kingdom; and also, except Two Proprietors, afiTelTed to the Land Tax ac £-3-'9J* 5d.; and that the whole Property to be affected by the Bill is alfelTed at £. 384. 8 s.7 d.; and that no Person appeared before

the Committee to opposethe Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thert a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Commit- Wrotham tee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and J^jaiione enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thir- Hoad Bill teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rero!"d' repairing the Road from The Royal Oak, on IVrotham Heath, to the Town of IVrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of M in the said County, and for making a Road from the said Road between Wrctham and Maidstone into the present Turnpike Road leading from Mereworth to in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

at

St. Botolph Pcot Bill paded*

fconfr resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Petition from Pcm tf mouth respecting the high Price of Provisiont*

Mickere! Fishery Bill passed.

Bfigflock and Stanion, &c. &c. Inclosure Bill passed.

35 Geo. III. 24* Apritis. 4

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the ^Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, "An Act for the more effectual assessing " and collecting of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopsgate, in the Liberties of the City of ," for providing

a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and for the Employment, Maintenance, and Regulation of the said Poor therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titte be. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled* tc An Act for the more effectual assessing and collect- ing of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, in the " Parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopsgate, in the Liberties

" of the City of London," for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and for the Employment, Maintenance, and Regulation* of the said Poor therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.-

Refolded, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Mayor, Justices, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Port/mouth, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth, That the present Calamities and Distresses of the Poor are rendered very great on Account of the high Prices of almost every Article of the Necessaries of Life, and that those Grievances urge the unhappy Sufferers to Tumult and Riot, and tend greatly to the Disturbance of the Public Peace: And therefore beseeching the House to adopt such Measures as shall be thought proper to alleviate such Calamities, and secure the Public Peace.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the Mackerel Fishery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of the Mackerel

Fishery.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Brigstock and Sta-nion, in the County of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of Sudborough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green, and also, for setting out and allotting Lands, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Gtddington Chafe, in the said County of Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill viz.

Pr. 38. 1. 35. To leave out from " equal" to " Payments," and insert " Quarterly" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste. Grounds, in BHgJlock arid Stanion, in the County of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of Sudborough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green, and also, for felting out and allotting Lands* in Lieu of, and Compensation for* the Common Rights upon ton Chafe, in the said CoUr.ty of Northampton, anil upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

A Bill for making Part of certain Principal Sums or Stock and Annuities, raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, on Loans, for the Use of the Government of that Kingdom, transferrable, and the Dividends on such Stork and Annuities payable, at the Bank of England, and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Mocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Lloufc, upon the said Bill;

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the'Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

A Message from the Lords, By Mr; Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Right honourable John Earl of Upper O/fory, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty in and upon The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and also the Reversion of certain Offices, Rents, and other Hereditaments in the said County of Northampton (to which the said Earl of Upper O/fo is entitled for Three Lives* under a Grant from His present Majesty) upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors;" tb which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this HoUfe: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of for the Pur-

pose of Building upon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ad

Billformskm&r Stock raised in Ireland trans-fepable in England, committed*

Bill to amend Hawkers and Pedlart Act, committed;

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for granting to Lord Oflory Part of Rockingham Forest, with an Amendment.

The Lords have passed

Bill to amend InfolVent Debtors Act*

Bishop of Lon* don's Lease BHJ.

468

14° Ap

A. 1795.

Bilt to amend

In To! vent IX Uot :> Act, rtid.

An ingro(Ted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An repealing so much of an Act, of the Twenry-sixth Year Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act, passed in of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of this

" An Act Debtors,"

Petition from the Earl of Moira against Stoke upon Trent and Newcaltte under Lyme Canal Bill*

the last Session of Parliament, intituled*

" for the Discharge of certain Insolvent was read the First Time.

Rejol-ced, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl of Aloira, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining

Kingdom, as respects such Serjeants and Corporals in the Militia who, by the Sentence of a Court Martial, shall have been reduced to the Condition of Private Militia Men, and for making some other Provisions in respect thereof.

, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for obviating Doubts whether the Acceptance by Officers of the Militia, of Commissions in any of His Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from Majesty's other Forces, do vacate their Commissions

J in the Militia; and for making certain Regulations

the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke upon in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the said County; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner is informed, if the said Bill, as it now Bands, should pass into a Law, it will prejudice Kis Property: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against: such Parts of the

any

where Colonels in the Militia shall have raised Fencible Corps.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to authorize and direct Deputy Lieutenants, upon receiving a Certificate from the Colonel or Command-

said Bill as may affect or injure his Property, and ing Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Indepen-

Confo) Mated Fund Bill piclented.

Committee on Bill for mote effectual Execution of Acts for TriaU of controverted Elections*

have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, b« now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Qbarles Townshend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

dent Company of Militia, that a Vacancy of a Private Militia Man hath happened therein, either from Death or certain other Causes, to proceed immediately, by Ballot, to fill up such Vacancy.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. /

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone'through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported; mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,'in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was rpad.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, jesty, be now read.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

That they had made a Progress in the Bill, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill,

Committee of Supply.

Estimates

referred.

Innkeepers Bill ordered*

Committee on Bill for augmenting the Corps of Artillery, Sic %

Iaflru&ioni.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers during the prefenc War: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring Men, for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now serving in the Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1795* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Corps transferred from the Irish to the British Establishment, from the respective Periods therein mentioned, to the 24th of December 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Augmentations to the Embodied Militia, for the respective Periods therein mentioned, in the Year 1791-, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Report*re-

Che)lea Out-Pensionen*

Chelsea Tit-PenGoners.

Corps transferred from the Irish to the British Efti-bliftiment.

Augmentations to the Militia.

posed. That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers ro an Institution called The Veterinary College, was referred; and a also.

specting Veterinary College referred.

Report on Mr. Math's Petition referred.

Innkeeper* Bill presented.

Bill to prevent the fttaling of dead Bodies, deterred.

Committee on Bill to apportion the Relief duelled to be given to the Families of Militia Men.

Inftrti&ion*.

240 dprilis.

460

35 Geo. III.

also, the Report which was mitde from the Committee* to whom the said Report was re-committed, be referred to the said Committee;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being putj

Ordered, That the said Reports be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mash, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please. to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers during the present War: And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill more effectually to prevent the stealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to apportion the Relief, by the several Statures now in Force, directed to be given to the Wives and Families of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifi-rs, and Privates, serving in the Militia, between the County at large and the peculiar Dif-triCis therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of the Families of Substitutes.

Ordered, That it bean Inltruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for Re-payment of Monies ordered for the Relief of the Families of Substitutes.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause. for regulating the Manner of transmitting the Accounts of Monies paid for the Relief of the Families of Substitutes.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

Vol. L.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next* <

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the; said Coihrhittee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as i'uch, in the West India Islands, who have peffiiitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, was again re-committed, be now read.

And the said Orddr being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River 'Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, iii the Parish of Isleworth, in the County of

A Motion was made and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now'* (land Part of the Question.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Ye®, j } 33‘

Tellers for the Noes, j } 21

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be now called in;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth;

{Mr. William Henry 1 Bouverie, > 14.

M r. Buxton: J

Tellers for the Noes, { } 2*

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John 6 B

Ways and Mean* deferred.

Bill forindem-nifying Governors, &c.in the West India Islands, deterred.

Sea Infnrancei Duties again re-committed Bill deferred;

D.itchet and Isleworth Canal Bill committed;

Chaplin's Agreement Bill committed.

Poulton Incloiuic Hill reported.

Ddphin's Estate Hill om milted.

Threipland's Exchange Bill read.

470 i4° — 17°

Call, Mr. Loveden, tee.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luncey 2 70 die;

Anno 35* Georgii III*" Regis 1795.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An f \ Act for effectuating an Agreement entered into between Charles Chaplin., Esquire, and the Matter of the Hospital of Saint Michael the Archangel at in the County of York, and the Vicar of the Parish of Well aforesaid, for making certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish, and in the Hamlet of Snape, within the same, subject to certain

Trutts, Rights, or Interests, in Favour of the said Hospital, and to an Annual Portion or Payment to the Vicar of Well in Lieu of other Lands and Tythes at Welt and Snape aforesaid, and Majhatn, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -combe, Mr. Wilberforce, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the-Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Poulton, in the County of Wilts, was committed} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the H oufc, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee } and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House } and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be, ingossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates, late of John Dolphin, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Portions of the younger Children of the said John Dolphin, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir George JackJon, 8cc.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Patrick Murray Tbreipland, and the Heirs of Entail in the Lands and Estate of Barnhill, to exchange the said Lands and Estate of Barnhill, lying in the County of Perth, for certain Parts of the Lands

Aprilis. A. 1795.

and Estate of Fingaff, lying within the said County of Perth, belonging to Stuart ThrciphmJ, of ngajk, Physician in Edinburgh, in Life-rent, and the said Patrick Murray Threipland in Fee, was read the Firrt Time.

i. Rcjolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates dievifed by the Will of John Smith, formerly of Louden, Merchant, for charitable Purposes, in Trustees, to be sold to John Par-doe, Esquire, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be fettied in Lieu thereof, and for regulating the Charity established by the said Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. JervoiJe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made. That the Report, which, upon the 17th Day of this Instant was made

from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the I Far wick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration}

And the House being informed, That printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the Houfq of the 7 th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of for the Purpose of Building upon, was read the First Time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sedgeford, in the County of Norfolk, was committed} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Eills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands, assessed to the Land Tax at^. 34. 1 8 who de-

clared themselves neuter; and that the whole Property to be affected by the Bill is assessed at £.872. 7 s. 11 d. -, and that no Perl'on appeared before the

Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments

SmitVs Chi-rit\ Edate LIII committed.

Report on Lapwovth ami

K-msfwooH Cana! Biii further couUdci^ cd.

Bishop of London's Lease Bill read.

Sedgeford IncLI'ure Bill reported.

Sir E.Knatch-

&c.

Elt-ce B;ll committed.

Chile's Cha-»«t' Loaf % Bill committed.

HuTmd* Lnt' s &c. Bill read*

Committee on Bill for a; plying Stafford-/hire Militia Money.

Peport refer-

>fcd.

35 Geo. III. 27° Jp 471

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effVftuating a Partition of certain Estates of Sir Edward Knot ebb till. Baronet, Sir Joseph Baronet, and Dame Dorothea his Wife, and Sir Thomas Gott, Knight, lituate in the Counties of Kent ar.d

Suffix, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Browne Rilkes, Mr. If alpcle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Crumpfall, and Tetlow, in the county of,

called Clarke's Charity Lands, to make Leases for Years upon Rack Rents, and also to grant Building Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the said Lands, under reserved Yearly Rents, w.:s read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by " Ham llulme, Esquire, to grant Building Leases thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners to

" Brazen Ne 'e College, in Oxford, founded by the said " Testator, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," and to enable the Trustees to convey in Fee, or grant L.eases for Lives, or for long Terms of Years, with or without Covenants for Renewal, or for perpetual Renewal, under reserved Yearly Rents, the said Trust F.ftutes, and to enable the Trustees to apply the Trtift Monies in making such Allowance to the Exhibitioners as may be thought proper; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Rcjohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying certain Sums of Money raised in the County of Stafford by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made relpcCcing the Militia of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, of the County of St afford, whose Names are thereunto fub-1'cribed, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Granville LevcfonGower took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurr.cd the Chair.

Lord Granville Levefen Gower reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when die House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon " certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates " in Scotland, which were put under the Management

" of a Board of Trustees by an Act, pasted in the " Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act," as relates to the Amount of the Debt charged upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited by the Attainder of Evan Macpherson, late of Cluny, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Scvennighc, the 5th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in riff eld, in the County of ,' wrs

committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Edge, Esquire, on Behalf of himself, and other Owners of Estates within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in /If f eld, in the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the-Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 221 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed consists of 3,585 Acres, 3 Roods, and 9 Perches^); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One" by One; and, upon the Questiort severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Fields, Lot Ground, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Watte Ground, in Wcotton and Borefjin the Parish of Cum-ner, in the County of Ber, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Fields, Lot Ground, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground, in Wootton and Borefjill, in the Parish of in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Loveden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John CalI reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge over " the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames,

" in the County of Oxford, and making commodious " Avenues thereto, for widening some Part of the " High Street and the Market Place, for lighting and " watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances

" from.

Colonel Mac. pherson's. Bill committed.

Kirkhy in Art)field In* closure Bill reported.

Wootton and Borefh.il Inclosure Bill paffsd.

Henley upon Thames Mar« ket Place, &c. Bill reported.

47 i

270 Aprilisi A. 1795.

from, the said Town," so far as the same relates to widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footwavs in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and/ound the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

SumforHand An ingrossed Bill for repairing, altering, and im-Road Bill proving, the Road leading from the Great North Road,

paired. in the Town of Stamford, and County of

through the Town of , to the Great North

Road aforesaid, at, or near, a House called The CrcJ's Guns, in the Parish of , and County of Rut-

land, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, altering, and improving, the Road leading from the Great North Road, in the Town of Stamford, and County of Lincoln, through the Town of Oakham, to the Great North Road aforesaid, at, or near, a House called The Cross , in the Parish of Greetbam, and County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. Heatheote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Faton Soeon An ingrossed Bill for dividing and incloOng the Open inciofure Bill an(j Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other 1,1 ' ' Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of

Eaten Sccon, in the County of , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton Soeon, in the county of.

Ordered, That Mr. Heatheote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

HaRworthing- Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, ham incioiure to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open report . comrnon Fjc]dSj Pastures, Meadows, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hagworthingham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the StandingOrders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Owners of Six Common Right Houses, Forty-six Acres of Open Field Lands, and Thirty-seven Acres of Old inclosed Lands, who refused to sign the Hill, or could not be met with; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure confilts of Fifty Common Right Houses, 722 Acres of Common Field Land, and 1,366 Acres of Old Inclosures; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Right honourable John Earl of Upper Offory, his Heirs, and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining in His Majesty in and upon ‘the Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northamand also

the Reversion of certain Offices, Rents, and other Hereditaments, in the said County of Northampton (to which the said Earl of Upper Offory is entitled for Three Lives, under a Grant from His present Majesty) upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

And the said Amendment was fead; and is as foL loweth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill, '

I. J. After " OJforyuinfert " in the Kingdom of /» Baron Upper

t( Offory, of Amp thill, in the County " of Bed."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Heatheote do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordfship of Scartbo, in the County of , was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the* Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and indexing, the Open Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pasture, Waste, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish or Lordship of Londonthorpe, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Junior, Mr. Loveden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill

Lords Amendment to Bill for granting to Lord Oilory Part of Rockingham Forest, agreed to.

Scartbo Inclosure Bill reported.

Harlaxton Inclosure Bill presented.

Londonthorpe Inclosure Bdl committed.

Spittlegat#* Hought&n, and Walton, Incio-fuie Bill commuted*

Luton, West-wood Gate, and St. Alban's Roads Bill ptfleda

Crtwley Inclosure Bill itported*

35 Geo. III. 270 Aprilis. 473

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to bd Fields, Heaths, Paitures, Commonable Lands, and true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberties of <?/>//- Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-tleg.ite, Houghton, and Walton, in the Parish of Grantham,mittee; and that the Committee had gone through thfe

in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time. Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,they had directed him to report to the House; and he Junior, Mr. John Pitt, tic.: And they are to meet this read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Chamber. Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terrh, and al- and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were tcring and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed agreed to by the House.

in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- OrdeThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be jesty King George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the ingrossed.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re- RetumoF jesty, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County turn, from the Office of the Adjutant General, of the fn0/ of Bedford, to I'/eflwood Gate, in the said County, and Number of Horses dead and call in the several Regi- Regiment* of

from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, ments of Cavalry, of the Line, serving in Great Britain or‘

was read the Third Time. and on the Continent, and of the Fencibles serving in '

The Amendment following was propofedto be made Great Britain, in the Six Months preceding the ill of to the Bill; viz. March 1795. Pr. 10. 1. 24. To leave out from " them" to the

End of 1. 3. in Pr. 11. , That there be laid before this House, a Re- Return of Ar-

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question turn, from the Ordnance Office, of the Parks of Artil-put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and tKe Bill lery Horses, from November 30th 1793 to March 9th ,or #re was amended at the Table accordingly. 1795, and of the Bat Horses, from May ad 1794 to

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the 9th of March 1795; and a Return of the Royal be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Horse Artillery, for the Two last Years, enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the

Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of Account of the Receipts, and Expenditure, and Amount Receipt*; &e* his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fif- of Debt, of the Veterinary College, from the Period of college"*!* teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for its Establishment to 1794. dered. *

repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to WeshvoodGate, in the said County, and from Mr* Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Account of. Luton to Saint Alban's, in the County of Hertford. Command, Monies issued

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the An Account of Monies issued to Ef- fuSeHn°f

Lords, and deflre their Concurrence. quire, the Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, Sir Wil~ clergy and8

' liam Pepper ell. Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, p^tJc'e&c'^of Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of His fe«ed!' *' whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from 13th February mon and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common .1795, for the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c.of Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish the fuftering Clergy and Laity of France, and to fun-of Crawley,otherwise Hufbom Crawley, in the County dry Persons, formerly Officers of Marine, or in the

of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had Magistracy of France, and which have not been made examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the good by Parliament.

House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com- And the Title'of the said Account was read,

plied with; and that the Committee had examined the The said Account is as followeth viz.

Vol. L-

6 £ An

474

A. 1795.

Sea Instinnces

Duties again re-committed Bill reported.

Kind's Mef-rffpe^iing an ir'(hbii(h* ment fur the Prince anti Princess of Wales.

2 70 Aprilis.

An ACCOUNT of Monies issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, the Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, Sir William Pepperell, Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer,

out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from 13th February 1795, for the following Services, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

For the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, and to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of Marine, or in the Magistracv of France - — — £. 37,500 —

Times when issued.

1795. February 19th 23d

March 18 th 26th April 24th

£ 5 >000 — — 6,500 — — 1,000 — —

12,500 ——

*2,500 — —

£ 37.50° — —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 27th April 1795.

George Rose.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Wigley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Infuranc?s, was again re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and (afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevCrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Allowances of the Stamp Duties in certain Cafes. '

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty relies on the Liberality and Affection of His faithful Commons, and on the cordial Interest which they have manifested in the happy Event of the Nuptials of the Ptince and Princess of Wales, that they will be ready to concur in fuel; Provision as they

may judge necessary to enable His Majesty to settle an Establishment for the Prince and Princess, fuitCd to their Rank and Dignity. „ >

On an Occasion, in all other Respects so satisfactory. His Majesty feels the deepest Regret in being under the Necessity of communicating to the House, that the Benefit of any Settlement, to be now made, cannot be effectually secured to the Prince of Wales without providing the Means of freeing Him from Incumbrances to a- large Amount, to which He is now subject.

Anxious as His Majesty must necessarily be, particularly under the present Circumstances, to relieve the Prince of Wales from these Difficulties, His Majesty entertains no Idea of proposing to His Parliament to make any Provision for this Object otherwise than by the Application of a Part of the Income which may be settled on the Prince; but He earnestly recommends it to the House, to consider of the Propriety of thus providing for the gradual Discharge of these Incumbrances, by appropriating and securing, for a given Term, the Revenues arising from the Dutchy of Cornwall, together with a Proportion of the Prince's other Annual Income: And His Majesty will be ready and desirous to concur in any Provisions, which the Wisdom of Parliament may suggest, for the Purpose of establishing a regular and punctual Order of Payment in the Prince's future Expenditure, and of guarding against the Possibility of the Prince being again involved in so painful and embarrassing a Situation.

R.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The House was moved, That His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this House, of the 21st Day of May 1737, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 24th Day of May 1787, 3 of

House to be called over.

Debate on

Motion for reading a Second Time a CUufe proposed to be added to Bill for regulating the Privilege of Franking further ad* joorned.

Copies of Let. ten. See, re-latir.g to additional Allowances to the Troops, ordered.

Innkeepers Bill committed.

Question Neg. lor printing it.

Report Supply.

Augmentations to the Militia.

Corps trans* ferred from the Irish to the British Elia-blilliment.

35 Geo. III. 170 Ap. 475

of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty upon taking His Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's moil Gracious Mef-sage of this Day be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the nth Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the i ith Day of May next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Motion made upon the 17th Day of this Instant April, for reading a Second Time an ingrafted Clause then offered to be added, by Way of Ryder, to the Bill for further regulating the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of any Letter, Order, or Instruction, to any General Officers, Colonels, or Commanders of Regiments, relating to any additional Allowances to be made to His Majesty's Troops in Great , on Account of

Provisions, Meat, or Bread, or to enable them to purchase or obtain Meat or Bread at a cheaper Rate.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers during the present War,* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Tim^.

Refched, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. *

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply groaned to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; wfiich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the CJerk'$ Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Eight hundred and Six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to the Embodied Militia, in the Year 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Forty-six thousand Eight hundred Seventy-seven Pounds and

Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Corps transferred from the Irish to the British Establishment, for several Periods, in the Year 1794.

' Re/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-nine thousand Eight hundred Fifty-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chcl/ea Hospital, and the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1795.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Twenty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Thomas Baucutt Ma/h, for the like Sum advanced by him for the Five First Payments, towards the Lottery for the Year 1794, and which became forfeited to the Public, by omitting to make the future Payments.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

1

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *‘, An Act for granting to His Majesty " several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels; and for explain- ing and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty- fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates " to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, " therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, Thar this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as imposes Duties on Stage Coaches and Diligences.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting ds such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to apportion the Relief, by the several Statutes now in Force, directed to be given to the Wives and Families of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates, serving in the Militia, between the County at large and the peculiar Qiftrifts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with die Amendments, be printed, as shall be fuincient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The

Chelsea Pensioners.

Mr,

Act for imposing Duties on Stage Coaches and Diligences to be consider-cd.

Bill for indemnifying Governors, See. in the West India Islands, reported*

Bill to apportion the JO lief

directed to be given to the Fair.ilie's of Militia Men, reported.

B*II tocontimie Aa for Encouragement of the Bi itifli Fisheries paired.

476

470 Ap

A. 1795.

The ingossed Bill to continue and amend an Act/ made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for obviating Doubts respecting the Forfeiture of Herrings landed, and sprinkled with Salr.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, . to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for obviating Doubts with respect to the gutting of Herrings, under an Act of the Scctcb Parliament, in the Reign of Queen Anne.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the ^Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for specifying the Name of the Vessel, in case of Arrestments.

And the said Clause was Thrice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Fare of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to extend the like Invitation to Persons employed in the Dutch Whale Fishery, as is done to those employed in the Herring Fishery.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 38. To leave out from " Herrings," to the End of 1. 32. in Pr. 4.

Pr. 4. 1. 39. 1 To leave out not exceeding One and > " hundred and Twenty Tons

40.J "Burthen."

Pr. 5. 1. 2t. To leave out "ancient."

1. 22. To leave out " of this Kingdom." 1. 24. After " shall" to insert " and " may."

1. 25. To leave out from "for" to "a" in 1. 30. and insert " His Majesty by and with the Advice " of His Privy Council, to order such Ship or Vessel so " owned to be registered, and " to have," instead thereof.

Pr. 6. 1. 9. To leave out from " the" to

" Advantages" in 1. 11. and insert " like," instead thereof.

1. 13. After " Fisheries," to insert "and " to all such Bounties, Premiums, and Emoluments, as " are granted by either or both " of the Acts continued by this " Act, and to no other."

Pr. 7. 1. 10. After " shall," to insert " and " may;"

1. 27. After " taken," to insert "by the " Owner or Owners, Propriefor or Proprietors of any such Ship or Vessel."

1. 29. After " following" to insert " as " far as the same is applicable " to each or either of them."

Pr. 8. 1. 24. After " and" to insert " [if a " British Subject.]"

Pr. 10. 1. 3. After " or" to insert [if not a

" British Subject.]"

1. 8. After " Provinces" to insert " of

" having been an Inhabitant or " Inhabitants thereof."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue and a'mend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Encouragement of the British Fisheries."

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supplydefer-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, rect to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wtys and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for regis* Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descrip- Na»ig«ion», tions,ufedon Navigable Rivers, and on InlandNaviga- defcrr*<1, tions, in Great Britain, to be registered, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved* itself into a Committee of the Committ on whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the Removal jj-Ji[R*mor of Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M re Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Allardyce have Leave to make Report on a Motion, it being Eight of the Clock. Parin^&c

And he moved the House accordingly, That the B?i?further* Report, which, upon the 17th Day of this Instant «»fi<iered. April, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same, for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water, and for the removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed. That printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon ‘Tuesday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

2 Ordered,

foerby, Sheffield, Duffield, and Wirkf-worth, Roadt Bill passed.

Duke of

Argyll* Exchange Bill reported, and passed*

35 Geo. IJI.

2 70 — 18° Aprilis.

Ml

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Confederation.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilber force have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present. Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby,through the Towns of and Chesterfield,

in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of Wirksworth, in the said County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 36. 1. 10. To leave out from notwithstanding" to the Second " And" in 1. 20.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of in the said County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. IVilberfordo carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

repotted.

without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords-, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Commit- Marfnal Con. tee, to whom the Bill for veiling, for a certain Term way'® *iU of Years, in the Right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for burning Lime, and for the Use of Distillers and Brewers,- and for other beneficial Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Martts, 28° die;

Anno 35* Georgii 1II, U Regis, 1795. Prayers.

LORD Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to exchange certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands in the same Shire, belonging to himself in Fee Simple, and to Archibald Munro, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Vol. L.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the feve-ral Counties, Stewartries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of His Majesty's Navy.; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road leading from The Way Post, at the North East End of the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, to the North East End of a Lane in the Parish of Kimbolton, in the County of Huntingdon, called The Park; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, . the Road leading from the Hamlet of in the County of Middlesex, through a certain Lane, called

Maiden Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Jflington, to a certain Place called Battle Bridge, in the same County, and the several other Highways and Foot Paths in the said Parish of Saint Mary, Islington (which arc not included in any Turnpike Acts) and to enable the Inhabitants of the said Parish to raise Money for that and other the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Henlow, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Townships or Haulers of Caunton, Beeflborpe, Earlfaaw, and Knapthorpe; and for exonerating the said Townships or Hamlets, and also the Hamlet of Dean Hall, all in the Parish of Caunton, in the County of Nottingham, from the Payment of Tythes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, with-

6 F in

The Lords have agreed ta

Bill for raising Men in Scotland for the Navy.

Bedford and Kimbolton Road Bill.

Highgate and Battle Bridge, &c.Roads Bill.

Henlow lndofure Bill#

Caunton ' . lucloiuie Bill#

Upton Inclo* furt Bill.,

47 8

a 8° Apr

A. 1795.

TKc Lor<U have patted

MaJdifon's Eltate Bill*

MoillUft Nat. Bill.

in the Parish of Upton, in the County of Nottingham; the Reverend William Goddard, in the County of Wilts, without any Amendment: And also, -

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting detached Parts of the devised Estates of John Maddifon, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Produce, und^r the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof to the same Ufesj to which the Lords delire the Concurrence of this Houses And also,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Moilliet; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the

Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Wilber. Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry to the fa-- Lords the ingrossed Bill for building a new Church Church Bill or Chapel in the Town of , in the West Rid-

toihe Lords, ing of the County of York, and desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships thereto.

in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and the remaining Part of the said settled Estates, and for veiling the Surplus of the Money arising from the Sale thereof (if any) in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates now (land limited, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Lam don, in the County of Essex, -was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bramfion, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Great Parndon Inclosure Bill committed.

Lapworth aid Kingswood Canal Bill parted.

An ingrossed Bill for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of worth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

- Gortdafrt* Kit arc Kill read.

Pr. 2. 1. 19.

1. 21. 1. 23. Pr. 26. 1. 15.

to insert and

Ordered, That the Earl Gower Sutherland do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying certain Sums of Money raised in the County of Stafford by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made reflecting the Militia of this Kingdom, was committed.

The Earl Gower Sutherland accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table i Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the said Ttfrpcdive' Companies of Qs^on (iverally put thereupon, were agreed to by

famePowere Kl X'r Re- . 0ri"‘fThlt the BiU- with the Amendment, spefts, as to the Rates so re- inSro e duced, as they would have by virtue of any Act or Acts of

fny'STRarelfinctbfthe? jfir'«!" Boad l"dj"P from retiree to the turnpike

should reduce such ocher R°adCmmin the Par.fli of ,n

the County of Northampton, was committed; Thac

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Bill for apply*

ing Stafford-shire Militia Money L re* ported.

After *« Works,

" Bridges."

At the End of the Line to add " using."

After " Cut," to insert " and Com-<c munication."

After " fame," to insert " and the

be

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

Towcester

Road Bill reported.

" Rates."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of,

into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor

of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick. c , ~ ~

Ord'lei, Thac Sir -John Mordam, do carry the Bill ?'COnd T,roe> b7 °"e> and- , UP°" *h* Of1*!0"

. , J . J nur th^rpimnn wrrt* ncrrepn rn nv rhp Hnnlp.

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gaily* Ertate Bill reported, and parted.

Mr. Jjhn Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Henry Gaily, Esquire, situate in the County of Huntingdon, in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate, of greater Value, in the County of York, to be settled in lieu of the said Estate in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a certain Part of the settled Estates of

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill to enable the Surveyor to search for Materials.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that no Turnpike Gate shall be erected within a certain Distance from Cotton End.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be ;made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, wich the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for allow* i-ig Cods in Cafes of Mif-»

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing Costs at the Diferction of the Court in Cafes of Misdemeanors, as now is by Law done in Cafes of de neanon" Felony; and also, for allowing Costs, under the same &c. ordered. Discretion, to Witnesses, whether Constable or other Person, upon the adjudication of Vagrants: And that Mr. Henniker Major, Sir George Mr.

.and Mr. Bramfion, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

3 ,

L-

Bill for Prevention of defcftive Weight*, &cT. ordered.

Report of Bill to prevent Deity in the Execution of Writs for Scotland, further considered.

Poor Removal Sill reported

Bill for raftering Vessels ufrd on Inland Navigations, passed.

35 Geo. III.

18° Aprilis.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances: And that Mr. Powys, Sir John Mordaunt, and Sir John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent unnecessary Delay in the Execution of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon ‘Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Mr. Buxton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingossed Bill for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for marking the Name of the Owner, and the Burthen of the Vess'el, on the Stern 'thereof.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with certain pecuniary Penalties;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. I-lobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hub art reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hcbart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had

made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twite read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for extending the Provisions of the Act to Vessels to be used, as well as to those now used, in the Navigations.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. ii. 1. 26. After the First " the" to insert " 5th

" Day of A 1798, and from " thence until the" and after the Second the" to insert " then."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put, thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in to

be registered.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Af-sent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned j and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills , and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for repealing a certain Exception as far as relates to Bonds given as Security for the Payment of One Hundred Pounds, or under, contained in an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign:

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy and Victualling Bills:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions l ive hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposts therein mentioned:

An

Royal Assent to Bills.

480 a8°

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax j to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; and to the prohibiting the Importation offo-reign Wrought Silks and Velvets} and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, co go into Parts beyond the Seas:

An Act further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing Regulations respecting *' Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, " in certain Cafes

'An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on beeween this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States:

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Thirty- third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent:"

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, <c An Act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom," as relates to " the Militia of the City of j and for the better

" ordering the fame:"

An Act to enable Petty Officers in *the Navy, and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families:

An Act for enabling the Magistrates in the several Counties in Great Britain to rail'e and levy, under certain Regulations, such able-bodied and idle Persons as shall be found within the said Counties, to ferye in His Majesty's Navy:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five:

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Cutters, Luggers, Shallops, Wherries, Smacks, or Yawls, of any Built whatever; for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Law$ relative to the Revenue of Culloms; for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Captors " of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing " certain Prize Goods in this Kingdomand for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise at Edinburgh to grant Licences to Manufacturers and Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh:

An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes,

iprilis. A17915.

to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of

Peace:

An Act for raising a certain Number of Men in the several Counties, Stewarrries, Royal Burghs, and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called for the Service of His Majesty's Navy:

An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on The Pennygored , in the County of Pembroke:

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Right honourable John Earl of Upper in the Kingdom of Ireland, Baron Upper of Amp thill, in the County of Bedford, his Heirs, and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, remaining In His Majesty in and upon The , or Walk, of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and also the Rever-fion of certain Offices, Rents, and other Hereditaments in the said County of Northampton (to which the said Earl of Upper OJfory is entitled for Three Lives, under a Grant from His present Majesty) upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same:

An Act for taking down the Chapel of the Chapelry of Haydon, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, and for building a new Chapel, in a convenient Situation, within the said Chapelry:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer vended or sold within the Town of,

and -Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for laying out and making a new Street, from Whitefriar Gate to the South End of Quay Street, within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made and passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing,

*c watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair,

" Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury,

"and certain othjr Streets and Places communicating " with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within " the fame:"

An Act, to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more «« commodious, the Harbour of Aberdeen, for erecting new Piers and Quays therein, and for regulating " Ships and Vessels trading into, and going out of,

" the said Harbour:"

An Act for making a Navigable Cut from The Grand JunSlion Canal, in the Precinct of Norwood, in the County of Middlesex, to Paddington, in the said County:

An Act to enable the Most Noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater to make a Navigable Cut from his present Navigation, in the Township of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Township of Pennington, near the Town of Leigh, in the said County:

An Act for amending Two Acts, of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirty-second Year of H is present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low

Grounds,

35 Geo. III. i8° Aprilis. 481

Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of in the Ifie of Ely and County of

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Roads from Darlington to West A, in the County of Durham, and several other Roads in the same County, therein mentioned:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Fifteenth and Thiriy-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and certain other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Hill, in rhe.said

County:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Ludlow-fac in the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of and from

thence, through she Town of Llangadock, to the River Amman, and several other Roads communicating the rewith:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening,

turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair,

«f the Road from a certain Dwelling House in Bury,

" now or late in the Occupation of William Walker,

Gentleman, to Hajlingden, and from thence to the " East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, and also " the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockjhut Bridge, in the Town of Whalley, and " also the Road from Hajlingden aforesaid, through «« Hew Church and Bacup, to and for mak-

te ing a Road, from the said Road between Bury and " Hajlingden, in the Township of , to the

" River Irwell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in the County Palatine of caster," as relates to the First District of Road therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Nineteenth Year of H is present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to Prcjion, in the County Palatine of caster:

An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bury to Hajlingden, at or near Chapel, in the Township of Tottington Higher End, in the same County.

An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Hamlet of High-gate, in the County of Midd through a certain Lane, called Maiden Lane, in the Parish of Mary, Jjlington , to a certain Place, -called Battle Bridge, in the same County, and the several other Highways and Foot Paths in the said Parish of Saint Mary,

Vol. L.

(which are not inducted in any Tufnpikfe Acts) and to enable the Inhabitants of the said Parish to raise Money for that and other the Purposes therein mentioned: -

An Act for repairing, widening* and altering, the Road leading from The Way at the North East End of the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, to the North East End of a Lane, in the Pafish of Kim-bolton, in the County of Huntingdon, called The Park Lane:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Palmer, Esquire, in Sonning, in the County of Berks, in him, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses in the Will of his late Father Rob Palmer, Esquire/ and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in Sonning aforesaid, and Hurst,in the said County, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses:

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Rector of the Parish of Saint , in the County of Devon, and John Baring, Esquire, and also between the Vicar of the Parish of Heavitree, in the same County, and the said John Baring:

An Act for vesting the Mansion House, called Soddylt Hall, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, firuate in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of Roger Jennings, the Younger, Esquire, deceased, with the Appurtenances, in Trustees, in Fee Simple in Possession, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, and for Sale thereof, and ' for applying the Mohey to arise from such Sale:

An Act for discharging the Barton of and Lands at and near Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Part of the settled Estates of Sir Francis Bajfet, of Tehidy Park, in the County of Cornwall, Baronet, from the several Uses, Estates, and Trusts to which the same now (land limited, and for settling a Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant certain Estates in the lfle of Ely, now holden unde/ Three Leases, in several smaller Parcels by separate Leases:

An Act to enable William Bamford, Esquire, and other Persons, after his Death, to grant Building Leases of certain Parts of his settled Estates in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, reserving Rents i

An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates late of Sir Thomas Kyffin, Knight, deceased, in Trustees, for railing Money to pay and discharge his Mortgage and Specialty Debts, and for other Purposes j

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, of and in the Parish of Steeple Claydon, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thijlles, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, or One of them; and also, a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Clifton Heath, in the Parishes of Newton Regis, otherwise Newton in the Thijlles aforesaid, and Clifton Campville,in the County of Stafford, or One of

them:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Aston Abbots, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, within the Township of Holme upon the Wolds, in the Parish of Holme upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township:

6 G An

482. .28° utfpni795*

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Con',men Fields, Commons, W'actes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Pad jury, in the Counry of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Trinley, otherwise Tirley in the County of Gloucester: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commonable Lands, within the Panih of Cheddar, in the County of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in that Part of the Parish of , in the County of Wilts, which is situate, lying, and being, in the Hundred of Eljlub and Ever

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Townships or Hamlets of Caunton, Beejihcrpe, Earljha-w, and Knap-thorpe; and for exonerating the said Townships or Hamlets, and alfqthe Hamlet of Dean all in the Parish of Caunton, in th % County of , from the Payment of Tythes:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Herd ow,in the County of Bedford:

An Act to enable Sir Henry Vane, Baronet, to take the Surname and Arms of Tempest, pursuant to the Will of John Tempejl, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Jacqueline Charlotte Comtefie de Honipejcb, and James Charles Philip Bouwens.

Debate on Mo. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming

tion for read- the a<ji0urncd Debate on the Motion made upon the

inn Second * - ., - r,

Time aclause 17th Day of this Inltant for reading a Second

jropoied to be Time an ingossed Clause then offered to be added, for regulating by Way of Ryder, to the Bill for further regulating the the^Privilege Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets

free from the Duty of Pottage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Art Ail for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the Duty of Pottage; for allowing Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Private Men, in the Navy and Army, whiltt on Service, to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Pottage; and for permitting Patrerns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Pott at jin easier Rate than is now allowed by Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and dtfire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Du'i"slon: to rcr ^ve into a Committee of the whole House, stare Coaches to consider of so much of an A6c, made in the Twenty-amiDJi-ttncc*. ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several " additional Rates and Duties upon Horles and Car-<c ringes with Four Wheels; and for explaining and €t amending an Act, passed in die Twenty-fifth Year €t of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain " Carriages with Two or 'Three Wheels, . therein 4< mentioned," as imposes Duties on Stage Coaches and Diligences, be now read.

01 r tanking,

resumed.

Quel). Ncpr.

)f>r lending it a Seccml Time.

Dill passed.

Committee on

And the said Older being read accordingly}

The House rdolved its'elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refu'med the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day', for the House B !1 to make to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. *uril'‘*rT,ovl-

. r - ' lion iclnc-ling

upon the Bill to make further Provision respecting sir.,.* and ei-Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take the 1'-,s co're Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the 16th of ct'lain Or- and 21st Days of January 1795, and to provide for the- dersir.Councii, Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdum, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning r.cxr, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill to amtnd to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ha^ktr^anj upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty- jelcu-ed. *' ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, be now read. *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing nexr, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House F.xpiringLaw* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Biiinferred, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in 1 *c"ed the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of FI is present Ma* jessy, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts,

W'alh, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scct~ land to England; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-rhird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bifiop, and Hrgles BiJIoop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva-, and to make perpetual the Duties

granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts,

Wash, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Bil| foriUS_ further Consideration the Report from the Committee mentii.g the of the whole House, to whom the Bill for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring Ueiuicd. Men, for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now serving in the Militia, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Pozvys prefenred to the House, according to Bill VP«. Order, a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective WTights, and of false and unequal weights,i-e. Balances: And the same was received; and read the prciemed. First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Qtderea, Thac the said Bill be printed.

I Ordered,

35 Geo. III.

Bill for mak- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ed^in'irHa"nd* ro re^olvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, transferable upon the Bill for making Part of certain principal in England, Sums or Stock and Annuities, raised or created, or to eferr be raised or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, on Loans, for the Use of the Government of that Kingdom, transferable, and the Dividends on such Stock and Annuities payable, at the Bank of England, and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, be ( now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon "Morning next, resolve ltfelf into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Pm>r RDUf Rejohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Bill defsired. ing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the bird, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief " of the Poor," as prevents the distributeing occ2-fional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cafes.

Pr. 31. 1. 18.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23. 1, 24. After " leads" to insert or for the repairing of any Road or " Highway; Street, Lane, or " Public Carriage or Foot Way; " in the said Town of North-"ampto Pr. 27. I.23. To leave out from ‘‘Trees" to

' " Where" in 1. 26.

To leave out from " Trees " to " and " in 1; 20.

Pr. 40. 1. 23. After " Road " to insert " except

" such Part thereof as is hereinbefore vested in the said Earl; " his Heirs and Assigns."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from to the Turn-

pike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Bouverie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Swsrby Tn-dosure Bill pa fit J*

Ofbournhy and Newton lncio-sure Bill passed.

Towcetter Road Bill patted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 90 die;

Anno 35* Georgii IIP11 Regis,' 1795.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the jLX' Open Fields and Meadows, Commo.n Stinted Failure, and Walle Lands, in the Parish of , in

the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, Common Stinted Pasture, and Walle Lands, within the Manor and Lordship of Swarby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir ‘John Th do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of OJbournby, in the County of Lincoln, and a Ploc of Half Years Meadow Land, called Mickling Meadow,in the said Parish, and in the

Parish of Newton, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

% Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Ofhouniby, in the County of Lincoln, and a Plot of H aif Years Meadow Land, called Meadow, in the Parishes of Newton and Sect loughby ,.or One of them, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Ha)dir.gfton,in the County of ,was read

the Third Time.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Walle Grounds, within the Parish of Kelshall, in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Incfafure, had been complied With; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofifed.

An ingrossed Bill for applying certain Sunns of Money, raised in the County of Stafford by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for applying certain Sums of Money, raised in the County of Stafford by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Earl Gower Sutherland do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for improving and supporting the Navigation of the River Reel,otherwise Teo, from the Town of Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the Parish of Huish

Epi/copi, in the County of Somerset, and for making a Navigable Cut from thence into a certain Drain, called Portlake Rhine, in the Parish of in the fame

County, and for making the said Drain navigable from thence to the River Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the Town of Langport, was read a Second Time.

Rejohed, Thac the Bill be committed to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. Hippi/ley Coxe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber*

A Bill

kelshall inclosure Bill reported*

Bill for apply* ing Stafford* shire Militia Money patted*

I vesselutter rind Langpcrt Nav:gation Bil! committed.

Eckinpton Inclosure Bill committed.

Maddifon* Elhtc Bill read.

Lords Amend* menu to Win-tringham Inclosure Bill agreed to.

Seartho Inclo-sure Bill passed*

Bill lor re* pairing, &c* the Footway* of Klcnfington Hi^h Street, polled.

484 290 Aprilis. \ 1795*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting actached Parts of the devised Estates of John Maddi/on, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to b«

fold, and for laying out the Produce, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pasture Land in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, called The Cow comprizing

or including certain Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of Wintringham, called The Marsh, Rotten Sykes, Low Groves, and Western Greens, and other Land or Ground lying between the same Pasture and the River Humber, and for dividing, inclosing, and apportioning certain other Pieces of Meadow and Pasture Ground, in the same Parish, called The and

Hall Clojes; and for other Purposes.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followethj viz.

Pr. 29. 1. 28. Leave out " the usual and ac- customed."

1. 29. Leave out from Offerings" to Mortuaries" in Lines 30 and 31, and insert " and Surplice Fees."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-Ihips.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, intheLord-ship of Seartho, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Seartho, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for keeping in Repair the Footways in the High Street of the Town of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting and watching the said Street, and also certain Courts and Alleys communicating the rewith, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Rc/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for keeping in Repair the Footways in the 1 ligh Strectof the Town of in the County of

A.liddle/ex, and for lighting and watching the said Street, and also certain Courts and Alleys communicating the rewith, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker Steward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

- An ingrossed Bill for Continuing the Termj and varying and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, paired in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of ton High Lane to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of Lancand for repairing the Road leading from Richmond, through Janby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Lou/y Cro/s, and from Gilling, through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gather ley Moor, and for turning and diverting the said Road, from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, to and through the Town of Hawes, and up the Vale of IViddel, to otherwise Graystones, and for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, that Part of the said Road, and for discharging the Trustees from the Reparation of that Part of the said Road which extends from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, over the Moun* tain Camm, to Greenftde Gate, and from thence to Gearstones, otherwise Graystones, and also from the Reparation of that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brumpton High Lane and the Town of Richmond aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr, 14. 1. 35. To leave out from effect" to " And" in Pr. 15. 1. 39.

And the said Amendment was, upon the -Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, v.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying and altering the Powers, of Twt> Acts,pafiVd in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Gebrgethe Second, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brumpton High Lane to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of Lancaster, and for repairing the Road leading from Richmond, through Gilling, Mel/onby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Lou/y Cro/s, and from Gilling, through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on. Gatherley Moor, and for turning and diverting the said Road, from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, to and through the Town of and up the Vale

of IViddel, to Gearstones, otherwise Graystones, and for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, that Part of the said Road, and for discharging the Trustees from the Reparation of that Part of the said Road which extends from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, over the Mountain Camm, to Greenftde Gate, and from thence to Gearstones, otherwise,

and also from the Reparation of that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brumpton High Lane and the Town of Richmond aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the Bill for making and extending a Navigable Cut from the Town of Wat/ord, in the County of Hert/ord, to the Town of Saint Alban, in the same County, which Bill was, upon the 17th Day of this Instanc April, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Felix Vincent Raper, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

House,

Brurtjpton *nd

Lancaster Road* 201 passed*

Watford and Sr. Alban1* Canal Bill recommitted.

Riper'* Nat. Bill, reported and passed.

35 Geo. III.

ap° Apr ills.

4^5

T % e Lord, karc agreed to

Hair Powder Certificates Duty Bill.

Member added «o bring in Scotch Bnall DcbU Bill.

Scotch small Debts Bill f>itfenled«

Petition from the Dean and Chapter of Weltrninftef again tt Date het and Isleworth Canal Bill.

King's Beach,

Newgate, and Fleet, Debtora Petiti&n*

Day appointed for Second Reading of Bill for Prevention of defective Weights, dec.

Bill for Inroll mem of Deeds and Wills made by Pa. pjft*, ordered*

House, without any Amendment $ and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr* Walktr:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lonis have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates iflfued for using Hair Powder; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. William be added to the

Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Iste-worth ,in the County of Midd which, from its pro-

jested Course, will pass through Part of the Manor and Farm of Teoveny, the Estate of the Petitioners, and be, as they are advised, greatly, detrimental thereto, and to the Lessee thereof, and also to the Occupier of the said Farm: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the Committee of the House, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the Hpufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several Debtors confined in the King's Bench, Newgate, and in the Fleet, for themselves, and other Prisoners for Debt, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill, for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, aftd for Relief of Protes-

Vol. L.

tant Purchasers: And that Mr. , Mr.

and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Lieutenant 'Thorpe, Return of frohn the Adjutant General's Office, attended at the Door; he was.called in; and, at the Bar, presented Regiments ot to the House, pursuant to their Order, 9 P‘e*

A Return of the Number of Horses dead and cast . .

in the several Regiments of Cavalry, of the Line, serving in Great Britain and on the Continent, and of the Fencibles serving in Great Britain,in the-Six Months preceding the tft of March 1795.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return-do lie ypon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the rioufe.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other -

Papers of this Session.

A Bill for continuing several Acts passed for the Bill for eontu better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage . in the River Thames, was read a Second Time. , - - *e*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Acts committed*

Bill for Indem-nifyingGover. norsy&c. in the West India lllaodt^palTril.

An ingrafted Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation anch Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was read the Third Time;.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Xit.le be. An Act for indemnifying Governors; Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Forciga Bottoms,

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom lkwJ[):v the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Severn, Bridge Bill at Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, and for opening convenient AVenues thereto, was committed ;'

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Order of the House of the 25th of March last, di-resting Notices to be published Three Times in One of the News.papers usually circulated in the County of Worcester, and affixing the said Notice, for Seven Days, on the Door of the Town Hall of the Borough of Bewdley, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the i Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the , Bill, 'with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty ad- Scotch D.ftit-ditional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the >ery »ddition»l Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, was read the r Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland,

and from Scotland to England; and to amend an Act,

6 H made

Receipts additional Duties Bill passed.

Report on Act for mspofing Dudes onStage Coaches and Diligences.

Scotch final! Debts Bill to be printed.

Sea Insurances Duties Bill deferred.

?uPP,7i

deterred.

Ways and Means deferred.

486 290- — 3 d? A. 1795.

made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Regula-<* tion of Distilleries in Scotlan, and the Exportation of Briltjb-made Spirits from England to ', and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concuirence.

An ingrossTed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dp pass: And that,the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses *c and Carriages with Four Wheels; and for explalning and amending an Act, passed in the Twentyfifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates " to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels,

therein mentioned," as imposes Duties on Stage Coaches and Diligences, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *‘ An Act for granting to His Majesty " several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels; and for explain- ing< and amending an Act, passed in the Twentyfifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates " to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," so far as the same relate to the Duties on Stage Coaches and Diligences with Four Wheels, do cease and determine.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland, be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties On Sea Insurances, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill more effectually to prevent the stealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment;

A Morion was made, and the Question was pro-' posed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members -not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovtSj 30* die Apr ills;

Anno 35* Georgii III"' Regis, 179J.

1

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Paflfages, of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same, for the better supplyitig the Inhabitants with firefli Water, and for the removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Liberties thereof, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent the raking of W ater from Public Wells for Private Purposes.

And the said Clause Was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16, I.31. To leave out from Pipes," to " And," in Pr. 17. 1. 15,

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, of the City of , and the

Roads and Avenues within the Royalty thereof, for the better supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water, and for the removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Royalty.

Ordered, That Mr. Allardyce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Walter Spencer Stanhope, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for continuing the Term, and repealing the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, to Sparrowpit in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post near Barber's Fields Cupola to Buxton, in the said County of Derby, and for granting other Powers for that Purpose; and that the Petitioner is a Creditor upon the said o Road,

Proceeding* on Bill to pre?ent the stealing nC dead Bodies,

Aberdeen

raving, 8cc. Bill passed*

Mr. Stanhope's Petition against Little Sheffield, Spar* rowpit Gate, 5».Road&Bdi.

petition from Mr. Shuttle worth and Mr. Hardy against Little Sheffield, Sparrow-pit Gate, &c. Roada Bill.

35 Geo. III.

o° Apr

487

Road, and the said Bill contains, as he conceives, various Clauses and Powers which, if parted into a Law, will not only be very injurious to the Petitioner, as 'such Creditor, but will also be oppressive upon the Inhabitants of the County through which the said Road partes, by impofingupon them additional Tolls, which are not wanted, as there is now an Annual Surplus of such Tolls, over and above keeping the said Road in Repair, and discharging all other Expences whatsoever respecting the fame: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by ;himself, his Counsel, or Agent, against such Parts of the said Bill as are likely to affect him, and that such Relief may be granted him as to the Hoafe shall seem meet.

A Petition of James Shuttle, Esquire, on Ms own Behalf, and also on Behalf of Shuttleworth* Esquire, his Brother, a Major in His Majesty's Royal Regiment of Artillery, and now on Service in Germany, and also of John Hardy, Gentleman, on his own Behalf, and as Agent for the said Ajbton Shuttleworth, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill mentioned in the preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners of Ertates in Hath erf age, in the said County of Derby, and the said Ajbton Shuttleworth, is Owner of several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the same Township, and also in the Townships of Eyam and Foolow, in the same County; and that the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Tenements and Ertates in general, as well as other Inhabitants of the said Townships, and thcNeigh-.bourhood thereof, are employed in the Lead Mines, or arc Occupiers of very small Farms, who, with their Teams, procure a Livelihood for themselves and their Families by leading Coals for their Neighbours, and ,by carrying Lead and other Commodities to and from Sheffield, their nearest Market Town; and that the Inhabitants of the said Township of , and the

Neighbourhood, will be particularly opprerted and injured by the additional Tolls, which the Petitioners understand they will be made subject to in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, in as much as the said Inhabitants will be chargeable with the same Sum for going to their Weekly Market upon that Part of the said Road (to the Repairs of which they largely contribute by their Statute Duty) as Persons who shall travel from One End to the other of the same Road, and that, by such additional Tolls, Coals, already very dear and yet so necessary for the Comfort of the Inhabitants of the Country, will be rendered much dearer; and that the Petitioners conceive that such additional Tolls are unnecessary, because, at this present Time, there remains, as they are informed, an Annual Surplus of the Tolls, now collected upon the said Roads, of £. aoo and upwards, over and above keeping the said Roads in Repair, paying and discharging the Interest of the Money owing upon the said Roads, and ail other Outgoings whatsoever; and that the said Bill contains a Power of diverting the said Roads, which may materially prejudice the Lands and Ertates of the said Ajbton Shuttleworth in Eyam and Foolow, as well as at Hatberfage aforesaid, belonging to him and the Petitioners, which Power, if the same becomes a Law, will enable the Trustees of the said Road to alter the whole Line thereof, and to erect an additional Toll Bor thereupon, to the Oppression of the Petitioners and their Tenants, and of the said Ajbton Shuttleworth, and his Tenants, and also of the several other Inhabitants of Hatberfage and that Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, and that Counsel on Behalf of the said Affiton Sb, or his Agents,

may be heard against such Parts of the said Bill as are likely to affect them, or any Of them, or their respective Tenants, and that such Relief may be granted as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally otdered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for continuing the Term, and repealing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hatberfage, Hope, and Cajlleton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Port near Barber's Fields Cupola, through -ford Bridge, Great Hucklow,

wall, and Fairfield, to a House known by the , Sign of Fbe Angel, in Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for granting further and other Powers for that JPurpose, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Swiiiin^ton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open reponeti'and Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within re-committed, the Manor and Township of Swilliin the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Poors Rate at 6 J. 9 d. per Annum; and that the Whole of the Lands assessed to the Poors Rate amounts to the Annual Sum of £ 50.

4 s. 7 id.}and that no Person appeared before the

Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Com- , mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several oth$r Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to North Lt*«r-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open H,"

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste incloihre Bill Grounds, within the Parishes of North Leverion and reported. Hablejlborpe, otherwise Apejlborpe, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders -of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except certain Persons who are assessed to the Land Tax at the Quarterly Payment of 8 . o$ d. who refused to rtgn the Bill; and that the whole Property is assessed at£. 37. 10 r. 8 d. pe Quarter; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table 5 . Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question

SouthLererton Inclosure' Bill reported*

♦. Mary It Bone Paring 6cc. Bill reposed*

Hagworthing-ham Inclotee

Bill parted*

Sedgtford Incfo'urt Bist

passed*

488 30° Apr A. 1795.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax at the Yearly Sum of 15. 7f who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is rated to the Land Tax at the Yearly Sum of £. 159. 16s. and

that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing several Acts, made in the Eighth, Tenth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of Middlefen, and for the better

Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House r and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingroft'ed Bill for dividing and indosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Wastes*, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hagworthingham, in the County of

Lincoln,

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dgftre their Concurrence.

An ingroft'ed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Brccks, Common F elds. Half Year pr Shack Lands, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the-Parish of Sedgeford, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sedgefor, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace; or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and BoroughTowns, whose Admissionshave beenomitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have A neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for giving further Time to such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Isis, at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal at or near the Town of Trowbridge,in the County of Wilts, and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An -Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, to the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton', without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Cleckbeaton, in the Parish of Birftal,in the West Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Commdn Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ratley, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to open and return certain Letters contained in the Mails, made up at the General Post Office in London, for the United Provinces, on the 13th, 16th, and 20th Days of January 1795, an^ Q0W remaining in the said General Post Office; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the1 Manor of

Barlbrough,

The Lord* have agreed ta

Indemnity Bill.

Abingdon and Trowbridge Canal Bill*

Southampton and New Sa-rum Canal Bill*

Cleckheaton Inclosure B0i«

Ratley Indo» sure Bill*

Bill to enable the Postmafty

General to open ard return certain Letters, with Amendments*

Barlbrough Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment*

The Lords have patted

Tovcy'iEstate

Bill.

Marshal Conway's Bill

t»&d.

Bedford liiclolute Bill ti ported*

karnardCnftle Ir.closure B;ll reported.

35 Geo. III. 30" Jprilis.

Barlbrcugh, in the county of ; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have parted a Billj intituled, An Act for inverting certain Estates of William Tovey the Elder, and William Tovey the Younger, situate in the County of Warwick, in Davits Dolan and Henry , and

their Heirs, in Trust, to fell, for the Purposes therein mentioned, such Lllates having been heretofore conveyed to the said Dennis Dolan and John and

their Heirs, as Trustees, for the like Purposes, and the said John Finch having become Bankrupt, and absconded from this Kingdom before Sale thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ail ingossed Bill for vesting, for a certain Term of Years, in the Right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for burning Lime, and for the Use of Distillers and Brewers, and for other beneficial Purposej, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,. An Act for vesting, for a certain Term of Years, in the Right honourable Henry Seymour , his

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for burning Lime, and for the Use of Distillers and Brewers, and for other beneficial Purposes.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Closes, Commonable Lands, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Saint Paul, Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with,) and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 5 Acres of Land, or thereabouts, who refused to give their Confenttothe Bill, or could not be found; and that the whole of the Lands interested in the inclosure, consists of 1,560 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Burden reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Barnard Caflic, in the Parish o iGainford, and County oF Dur-

ham, called Barnard Castle Moor, The Little y

G/enton Green, and The Baiting Steads, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had given their Consent to the Bill;, to the Vot. L.

Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of £. 401. s. who red fused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of f. 187. 18 8

who have returned no Answer, or could not be met with; and that the whole Annual Value of the Land affected by the inclosure is £. 7,342. 12; and that

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for paving the Footways; and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Sykes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrefifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inverting certain Estates of , Tcvey the

Elder, and William Tovey the Younger, situate in the County of Warwick, in Dennis Dolan and Henry Maddock, and their Heirs, in Trust, to fell, for the Purposes therein mentioned, such Estates having been heretofore conveyed to the said Dennis Dolan and John Finch', and their Heirs, asTrustees for the like Purposes, and the said John Finch having become Bankrupt, and absconded from this Kingdom before Sale thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whorft the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto, was committed, be now read.

And th'e said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bijbrooke, in the County of Rutland, and for dividing certain Commons, called dington Common and Uppingham Brand, adjoining, or lying near to, the said Manor, between the several Manors or Liberties to which the same belong; and for

6 I extinguishing

1

Wallingford Paving, See. Bill patted*

Tpvey'i Eftati Bill read*

t

Report of Bewdley Bridge Bill further coatt* dered.

Mr, Pow^s

to report Bilbrooke, Liddingfon, &c. Inclosur# Bill*

B? (brook e, Luidington, &c. Inclosure Bill, reported*

Addrefi for ertfiing Cao-tainFaulkni:r'« Momimint in _ Sr. Paul's Ca-tiieJiai.

B.i! for P.e-t- :i<»n of d hrfrive Vvei h-s, Ac. ♦cm.i.iwt.d.

Bill top trcnf Delay hi llie K\rcuti'»n of Wriufor Scotland, pitted.

49°

30* Aprilis.

A- 1795

extinguishing certain Rights of Common upon the Open Fields and other Commonable Lands within the Manor of Seaton, in the said County, was committed.

Mr. Powys accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to,the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 7 Yard Lands and an half, 9 Acres of Land, and 7 Cottage Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 6 Yard Lands and a Quarter, 1 to Acres of Land, and 2 Cottage Rights, who could not be met with; and that there are, in the Whole, 34 Yard Lands, 2,998 Acres of Land, and 46 Cottage Rights; and that noPerson appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Votes of the House, of the 14th and 20th Days of this Instant April, of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty, for erecting a Monument in the Collegiate Church of Peter

at Westminster, to the Memory of Captain

and of His Majesty's Answer thereto, that he would give Directions as desired by the said Address, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the House being informed, Thar, from the great Number of Monuments already placed in the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter's , it would

be more convenient if the said Monument were erected in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's London.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, for erecting the said Monument in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's London, instead of the Collegiate Church of Peter at Westminster.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sc.vennight, refo.lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to prevent un-needfary Delay in the Execution of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for

f r.

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. t. 1.

2J-

J. 27.

1.

Pr. 2. 1.

33

*7-

After Election" to insert " of " a Member for such County of " Stewartry."

After " Days " to insert tc after the Day of Publication at the " Church DoorL"

To leave out from " executed" to " when" in I, 34.

To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of Line

1S.

1. 19. After tc Writs" to insert " <shall be forthwith forwarded and " delivered."

1. 24. To leave out from Writ" to " the" in 1. 2$.

Pr. 3. i. 24. To leave out from " to

" every" in 1. 25.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An ACfc to prevent unnecessary Delay in the Execution of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. William Duhdas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deOre their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Brown, from Certificat* the Corporation of Liverpool, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bur, presented to the P House,

A Certificate from the Common Council of the Corporation of Liverpool of the Notes issued to the 28th Day of February last, under an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Common " Council of the Town of Liverpool,in the County " of Lancaster, on Behalf and Account of the Cor-

*' poration of the said Town, to HTue Negotiable " Notes for a limited Time, and to a limited Amount," and of the Value of the Securities taken for the fame, and of the Value of the Notes which were in Circulation upon the said 28th Day of February.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Did Certificate was read.

Ordered, That the said Certificate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Certificate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulhtr R0>al Meat of the Black Rod: to iiiil*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's > Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several ACis agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable Housein the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal

Assent

Bill for more effectual Execution of Acts for Trials of controverted Elections put off for Six iriunths.

35 Geo. III. 300 Aprihs.

491

Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned , and all'o impowering His Royal High-refs the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other LohJs, to declare and notily the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Arrhbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Kenyon, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Brils are as followeth;

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty*on Certificates issued for tiling Hair PowdefS

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others; who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within* the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes j and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose AdmissiotTS have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for giving further Time to such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or JJis, at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon Canal at or near the Town of Trowbridge, in thi County of , ind also certain Navigable Cuts therein described.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town and County of the Town of Southampton to the City of New Sarum, in the County of H ilts, with a Collateral Branch to Northam, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of heaton, in the Parish of Birjlal, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pa (lure Land in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, called compriz-

ing or including certain Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of Wintringham,called The Marsh, Rotten Sykes,

Low Groves, and Western Green:, and other Land or Ground lying between the same Pallure and the River Humber, and for dividing, inclosing, and apportioning, certain other Pieces of Meadow and Pallure Ground, in the same Parish, called The Clojes and Hail Closes, and for other Purposes.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itielf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual Execution of several Acts of Parliament, made for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to l'crve in Parliament.

Rejclved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Months, relblve itself into the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Bin for nuct-into further Consideration the Report from the Com- meming the mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for aug- ^r‘ menting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing deferred. Seafaring Men, for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now serving in the Militiaj was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion foas made, and the Question being put, Motion for That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Land Forces latest General Return of the Land forces serving in in Great Bh-Great Britain, whether Cavalry, Infantry,' Artillery, *'" Ffencibles, Militia, or others.

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, puf-suant to their Order,

N° i. Copy of Circular Orders from Field Marshal His Royal Highness the Duke of York to the General Officers commanding Districts, dated 18th^pr/7 1795 -And also,

N° 2. Copy cf Circular Orders sent from the War Office to the General Officers commanding Districts, dated 18th April 1795: And also,

N° 3. Copy of Circular Orders sent from the War Office to the General Officers commanding Districts, dated 25th April 1795.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was.read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Tablej to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, Thac such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Pipers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Copies of Cir^ cuIarOrders relating to additional Allowances to the Troops, prefen ted.

Mr. Rife presented to the House, pursuant to their Account Orders, Prercnle<1*

An Account of the Amount of Payments made on Payment? the Loan of the present Year, and of the DiscoUnt allowed thereon; together with the Issues made or directed to be made out of the fame, specifying the Heads of Service to which such Issues have been applicable:

And also,

An Account of the Deficiencies of the Land and Deficiencies of Malt Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1792, specifying the Heads under which such Deficiencies *'9*‘ have arisen.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amohgft the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to £)r- Bill for rep;*: -der, a Bill for repealing so much ofan AftofParlia- ,"s?ddili°nak rr.enr, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign Co^chSe^n^>I^,-8, of H is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for grant; *'

<{ ing to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels;

" and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far " as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three " 'Wheels therein mentioned," as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels used as Stage Coaches: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/clvcd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning nexr.'

Ordertdi

49*

30° A'prills. — i° Mail. A. 1795.

Bin to amettd Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Hawkers and to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House,

J _ „ A Q

deferred. upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

fn°nk«Mt* The ®rt^er the Day being read, for the House to Bill. *P*r* resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers during the present War;

Report re- Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the

ferred. Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed,

which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers residing in that Part of Great Britain called England was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hcbartreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

1 u

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House hig' Stock* raif- to rc 've itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, cj in Ireland upon the Bill for making Part of certain Principal in^Eif'iajid* Sums or Stock and Annuities, raised or created, or to be raised or created by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland', on Loans, for the Use of the Government of that Kingdom, transferable, and the Dividends on such Stock and Annuities payable, at the Bank of England, and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and . Company of the Bank of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hcbart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr'. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-rnorrow

Morning.

Bin to prevent Ordered, That the Bill more effectually to prevent !'!cjd Bod «of the dealing of dead Bodies from Church jYards, Bur dtterred. ' tying Grounds, or other Places of Interment, be read a Second Time upon Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bill to appor- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the d?r"aed*0be % vl10lc House, to whom the Bill to apportion the Re-given to the lief by the several Statutes now in Force, directed to be Kimithesot given to the Wives and Families of Non-commissioned

Mt.itia Men, r . __ .

*oferr«d. Omcers, Drummers, Filers, and Privates serving in the Militia, between the County at large and the peculiar Districts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning,

Resolved, That this House will, To-rnorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, to make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the 16th and 2tft Days of January 1795, and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into; the Ports of this Kingdom.

Bill to mskt

further Pi o vision respectin^ Ships and Effe&s come to take the Benefit of cu tain Orders io Council, deferred.

Ordered, That the ingrblTed Bill for granting to St» tnr«rao«i His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then ihe House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Teh of the Clock.

Veneris y i° die Maii j Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Hulme'i Act for amending an Act, passed in the Tenth ie* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ted.comouU " An Act to enable the Trusteesof the Estates devised by William Hultne, Esquire, to grant Building " Leases thereof, and to increase the Number of Ex-

hibitioners to Brazen Nose College, in Oxford, founded " by the said Testator, and for other Purposes thereio of mentioned," and to enable the Trustees to convey in Fee, or grant Leases for Lives, or for long Terms of Years, with or without Covenants for Renewal, or for perpetual Renewal, under reserved Yearly Rents, the said Trust Estates, and to enable the Trustees to apply the Trust Monies in making such Allowance to the Exhibitioners as may be thought proper*; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bume, Mr. ‘Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. CharlesTownJhend reported from the Committee, Ruihbrooke't

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, rc^rted.'Li An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of passed. ' Robert Rujhbrooke, Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, in the Most Noble Charles Marquis Cornwallis, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of equal Value, in the same County, in Lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame, was committed; that the . Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commitree had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles T do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the N«rthLmr. Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste t<?" ?nd Hi* Grounds, within the Pari Ikes of and inciofarTBiil

Ilablejlhorpe, otherwise Apejihorpe, in the County of parted. Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows,

SouthLeverton Inc loinr< B 11 passed.

InchbeNy Bridge and Glasgow, See* Roads Bill passed.

3 5 Geo. III.

Mali.

493

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of North and

thorpe, other wise Apefthorpe, in the County of Notting-

ham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do Carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South,

in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South Leverton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the District of Roads from Jncbbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District of Road, so far as the same relate to the said Road, from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inch-belly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading to Colder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Balmore, to or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near

Lawtnuir,to the Town of Old Kilpatrick, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the District of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District of Road, so far as the same relate to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading to Colder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Balmore, to or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near Law-muir, to the Town of Old Kilpatrick, beginning at the Bridge across the Allander, on the Road from Vol. L

Inclosure recommitted Bill

Parm, by Balmulie Bridge, to GlafgbVo on the East, and ending at the said Town of Old Kilpatrick on the West, and the Road branching frorri the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld.

Ordered, That Sir Archibald Edmonflone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, td Swiilihgto* whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within i^pontldJ the ManOr and Township of Swillington, in the West Riding of the County of York, was re-committed;

That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in h‘19 Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques> tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BlfhopofLofl. for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a g?!*.'*Leaf? Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Pa<- ted. comim rish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of Building upon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Morfhead, Mr. Baker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the H.irlaxtcm Open Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within Inclo(Vrc Bill the Parish of Harlaxton,in the County of Lincoln, was <om,mUed* read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Junior, Sir John Thorold, Sec.: And they are to meec this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Moilliet* Nat. Act for naturalizing John Lewis Moilliet, was read the BlJ1 "ad* First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual assessing and collecting " of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopsgate, in the Liberties of " the City of London," for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and for the Employment, Maintenance, and Regulation of the said Poor therein j without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair,'the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road between Aylesbury and Wendover, through Princes Rifborough, to West Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment iAnd also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, and leafing, or letting, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Borough and Town-

6 K ship

The Lords hate agreed to

St. Botolph Poor Bill.

Ayleftury and Marlow, See Roads Bill*

Cctogleton inclosure Bill*

Brifft^ck and Stanion, &c. &c. litclosure Bill, with A mend merit!.

Order for

bringing in W.uhoys Inclomre *nd Driiinjye Bill difclnrped, and Petition reteiied to a Committee.

Greyftokf loclolure Bill reported %

494

i° Mail. . 1795.

ship of Cengletcn,in the County -of , and for

applying the Profits of Part of the same in Aid of the Poors Rat.-, or other Taxes or Public Expences, within the said Township; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Brigjiock and in the County of

Northampton, and such Part of the Pari fh of Sudborough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough , and also, for setting out and allotting Lands, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington Chace, in the said County of,

and upon that Part of the Forest of , in

the same County, which is called "The , or , of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights j with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Proprietors of Commonable MdTuages, Open Common Fields, and Waste Lands, Commons, Fen Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon, which was presented tq the House upon the 5th Day of February last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon the 5th Day of February last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-.mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Viscount the Earl Ludlow, &c,: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Threiphnd* to enable Patrick Murray eFhreiplandand die Heirs Exchange BUl. of Entail in the Lands and E,state cf Barnhill, to ex- c<,m"‘itled* change the said Lands and Estate of Barnhill, lying in the County of Perth, for certain Parts of the Lands and Estate of Fingajk, lying within the said County of Perth, belonging to Stuart Fbre of Fingajk, Physician in Edinburgh, in Life-rent, and the said Patrick Murray Fhreipland in Fee, was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ther, Mr. Jcdrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Rejoined, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Moiling next. Monday.

The House being informed, that Mr. AccoUm»of

Secretary to the Veterinary College, attended at the Renipfs, &c. Door; he was called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, fented. '

A Paper, intituled, " Veterinary Account of the Receipt and Expenditure from the Period of " its Establishment to Christmas 1794.:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Veterinary College — Amount " of the Debt from the Period of its EiLbiishment.to " Christmas 1794."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruftd by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst: the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Member*

and Mr. Bernard, be added to the Committee who are *4lle^Com. appointed to enquire into the several Frauds, and p&ime/fo Abuses, in relation to the fending or receiving Let- nq«ir« i»«o ters and Parcels free from the Duty of Pottage, by ^aing"* Clerks and others in Public Offices, entitled to lend or Cranking in receive such Letters and Parcels. Public office*

Ordered, That Sir Charles Morgan have Leave to teareof go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on urgent Bu- Absence. finess.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to A Motion being made, That the Report, which, Report on whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- upon the 23d Day of April last, was made from the Eau Brink and mons and Waste Grounds, within the Barony of Grey- Committee, to whom the Bill for improving the Drain- prainagr^l Jlcke, in the County of Cumberland, was committed; age of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great father‘ecnii. That the Committee had examined, and found that Level of the Fens, called Bedjord Level, and the Low dered* the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com- Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- by the Harbour of King's Lynn, irt the said County, cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa- and for altering and improving the Navigation of the tisfaction of the Committee'; and had also given their said River from, or near, a Place called Consent to the changing the Commissioners therein in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said named (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for the Purvey Rate at 4*. id. who refused to sign the improving and preserving the Navigation of the fe- Bill; and also, except the Proprietors assessed at jld. veral Rivers communicating with the said River who could not be met with; and that the Whole of was committed, be now taken into further Conftder-the Lands to be inclosed are assessed at £. 1. i s. id.}ation; and that no Person appeared before the Committee And the House being informed, that printed Copies to oppose the Bill;) and that the Committee had of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, thereunto, which they had directed him to report to upon Monday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; the House of the 7th Day of 1794;

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into -

ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend- further Consideration.

ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second The House accordingly proceeded to take the said

Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally Report into further Consideration. put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be put, That the Amendments, made by the Committee ingrafted. to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

x The

35 Geo. III.

1° Mail.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Teas, *' \

Tellers for he Noes, {^^"aBmbury: } ,0-

So it wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 74. 1. 16. were accordingly severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 74. 1. 16. which was to leave out from shall" to " be" in Fo. 75. 1. 3. being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (A) being federally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (A) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, for apportioning the Tax of Four Pence per Acre, being read a Second Time j

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words by a clear Majority of the Commissioners for Drainage in either of the said Four Districts, having the Qualifications " in such District, at a Public Meeting to be held for " that Purpose, of which Meeting previous Notice " shall be given Three Times in the Cambridge, - folk, and Suffolk Newspapers."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to Clause (A) by inferring after the Words tf and that " the said Commissioners for Drainage shall, upon Application and Request made to them in that Behalf," these Words " by Twenty Proprietors poflefCng not " less than One Hundred Acres each."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inferred;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, with several Amendments thereunto, agreed to by the House.

The residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Compensation and Satisfaction to Messrs. Cary and Lane, for any Injury they may receive from being deprived of their present Road to the Town's of IViggen-

ball Saint German and Wiggenhall Saint Peter.

And the said Clause was Twice read} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,'to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill in Fo. 122. 1. 3. by inferring after the Word " Aft" the Words " other than and except all such " Charges and Expences as have been incurred in, or " occasioned by, the several Petitions presented against, and the Opposition made to the passing of this Act,. " and the Charges and Expences of opposing the said Petitions."

And the Question being put, That those Words bii there inserted j.

It palfed in the Negative;

Another Amendment was proposed to be' rrtade to the Bill in Fo. 122. 1. 3. by inferring after the Word " Aft" these Words, " such Charges and Expences to *< be ascertained and settled by One of the Mailers of " the High Court of Chancery."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted j

It passed in the Negative;

Ordered, That (the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom Watponj the Bill for making and extending a Navigable Cut $t. Aihan'$ from the Town of Watford, in the County of Hertford, g*1cl°mk to the Town of Saint Alban, in the same County, was reported, re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Reporc in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read;

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table*

The House being informed, that Mr. from Lilt of Elfa-

the Directors of the East India Company, attended at blifoments be-the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented i'nsd|a th* to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Company; Parliament, Pcefcmed*

A Lift of the several Establishments belonging to the East India Company in the East and other

Parts within the Limits of their exclusive Trade, and the Salaries and Allowances paid by the said Company in respect thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into Report'of further Consideration the Report from the Committee ®,^uf°nr a(uh^* of the whole House, to whom the Bill for augmenting Corps of Af-the Royal Corps oCArtillery, and providing Seafaring *)Hery, &c. Men, for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now serving in the Militia, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were; upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tuesday Morning next; if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking import of Bill into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to apportion the Relief, by the several Statutes now in given to the Force, directed to be given to the Wives and Families of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, further onfik and Privates, serving in the Militia, between the County at large and the peculiar Districts therein not

contributing

Supply

deferred*

Ways and Means deferred.

Irnkeepers Bill deferred.

Bill for making Stock raised in Ireland tran*ferrab!e

in England, deferied.

Bill to make further Provision resptfling Ships and Effects come to take the Benefit of certain Orders in Council, deferred.

Sea Insurances Duties Bill defer! ed#

Chattiflcy i.icloutre Bill reported.

496 i — -40 Mail. A. 1795*

contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Luejday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers during the present War, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Parr of certain Principal Sums or Stock and Annuities, raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, on Loans, for the Life of the Government of that Kingdom, transferrable, and the Dividends on such Stock and Annuities payable, at the Bank of England, and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the 16 th and 21st Days of January 1795. and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 40 die Maii;

Anno 35® Georgii IIP1' Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

TV T R Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom j[VX the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Chapelry of Chaltijley otherwise , in

the County of IVcrcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee t (except the Proprietors of Land rated to the Land Tax at One Shilling who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Land rated at £. i8.‘ 6 s, 3*/. who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole Property is assessed to the Land Tax at £.162, 14 nf per;

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for building a Bridge: over the River Severn, at Dezvdl.y, in the County of Worcester, and for opening convenient Ave-

nues thereto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at Bewdley, in the County of , and for

opening convenient Avenues thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing several Acts, made in the Eighth, Tenth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of r, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr, 95. 1. ult. After " Tenement," to insert "fave

" and except in any Yard be-c longing to any Farm House."

Pr. 96. 1. 31 To leave out " cleansed or light-

ed," and insert {t where the " Houses are contiguous," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing several Acts, made in the Eighth, Tenth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of Mid and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual an Act, pafi*ed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

" to

Bewdley Bridge Bill passed.

St. Mary le Bone Paving, &c. Bill pitied.

Thame* and I (is Navigation Bill reported.

c 35 Geo. III. 4° Mail. 497

* to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of so charitable Purposes, in Trustees, to be sold to " much of Two Acts, paded in the Eleventh and Esquire, and for laying out the Purchase

Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Ma- Money in other Estates to be settled in Lieu thereof,

" jesty, for improving and completing the Navigation and for regulating the Charity established by the said - *c of the Rivers Thames and Jfis, from the City of Lon- Will, was committed; That the Corhmittee had exa-i don to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilt, mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same 4t as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from to be true; and that the Parties coiiCerhed had given the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the " London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesexto Comrhittee; and that the Committee had directed

the said Town of Cricklade-,"and for extending and him to report the Bill to the House, without any enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, paf- Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the fed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign Clerk's Table.

of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate And the said Bill was read the Third Time, to the improving and completing of the Navigation That the Bill do pafsi

of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City Ordered, That Mr. "John Pitt do carry the Bill to of London,near Staines, in the County of Middlesex,the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House

to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was hath agreed to the fame,' without any Amendment, committed; and to whom the Petition of the Lord

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of L- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An don, in Common Council assembled; and also, the Pe- Act for vesting si certain Part of the settled Estates of tition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and the Reverend in the County of

Hereditaments near the Banks of the River Thames, in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Money arif-and in the Tillages of Datchet, Old Windsor, IV'yradJ- ing from the Sale thereof in or towards the Discharge

bury, Egham,0iS\6 Thorpe, the Towns of Staines, Chert- of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and the re-Jey, and Kingston, were severally referred; That the main ing Part of the said settled Estates, and for veiling Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had the Surplus of the Money afifing from the Sale thereof examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the (if any) in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled same to be true; and that the Committee had gone to the Uses to which the said settled Estates now Hand through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- limited, was read a Second Time, unto, which they had directed him to report to the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John House, together with a List of the Names of the Per- Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this fons who have assented to the said Bill, as required by Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Chamber.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,. An Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read. Act for inverting certain Estates of William Tovey the

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Elder, and William Tovey the Younger, lituate in the Table. County of Warwick, in Dennis Dolan and Henry -

dock, and their Heirs, in Trust, to fell,- for the pur-Strattoo St. Mr. Goddard repotted from the Committee, to whom poses therein mentioned, such Estates having been

tacuifare'VII for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the heretofore conveyed to the said Dennis Dolan and reported! ' Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- John Finch, and their Heirs, as Trustees, for the like mon Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Purposes, and the said John Finch having become Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Stratton Saint Mar-Bankrupt and absconded from this Kingdom before

garett, in the County of Wilts,was committed; That Sale thereof, was read a Second Time, the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ing Orders of the House, relative to, Bills of Inclo- Pitt, Mr. Hobart,: And they are to meet this sure, had been complied with; and that the Committee Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'^ had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Chamber, the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned

had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction Sir reported from the Com-

of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands of mittce, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, the Annual Value of/. 135,who refused tofignthe Bill; intituled, An Act for effectuating a'-Partition of cer-and also, except the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual tain Estates of Sir Edward Knatchbull, Baronet, Sir Value of yf. 162, who were neuter; and also, except Joseph Banks, Baronet, and Dame his Wife,

the Proprietors of Lands of the Annual Value of J6, and Sir Henry Thomas Gott, Knight, lituate in the who could not be found; and that the whole Annual Counties of Kent and was committed; That

Value of the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts the Committee had examined the Allegations of the to £.2,280. 5 Si and that no Person appeared before Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Com- Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Amendments thereunto, which they directed him to Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the report to the House; and he read the Report in his House,.without any Amendment; and he delivered Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the the Bill in at the Clerk's Table;

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Resolved, That the Bill do pass;

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that House. this House hath agreed to the fame, without any

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Amendment, ingrossed.

The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee, Smith's Cha- Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, RpomcC'and whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates, later of John faffed. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Dolphin, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Stafford,

Will of John Smith, formerly of London, Merchant, for in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Portions of

Vol. L. L the

Goddard's Estate Bill committed

Tovey'sEstate Bill committed*

Sir E. Knatch-bull's, &c. Estate Bill reported y and patted;

Dolphin's Estate Bill reported, and ptfleda

49$ 4° Mali.^.1795. c

the younger Children of the said John Dolphin, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed 5 That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

ciarke't Clw- Mr* Blackburnereported from the Committee; to

reported'and whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, paired. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in

Mantbefier, Crump/all, and in the County of

Lancaster, called Clarke's Charity Lands, to make Leases for Years upon Rack Rents, and also to grant Building Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the said Lands, under reserved Yearly Rents, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the . Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Doncafttr Mr. Dtmtomhe reported from the Committee, to

Bridge*, &c, whom the Bill for repairing the Damage done by the Bill reported, jate to certain Bridges, and to the Road, near

the Town of Doncaster, and for making the said Bridges and Road safe and commodious for Travellers, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors for considerable Sums of Money on Securities of the Tolls of the Turnpike Road leading from Doncaster to the South Side of ! TadcasterCross, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Order of the House, of the 31st Day of March last, directing Notices to be published Three Times in One of the Newspapers usually circulated in the West Riding of the County of York, and affixing the said Notice, for Seven Days, on the Door of the Town Hall of Doncaster,' had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directd him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Crawley An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

indafoitBiU Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Crawley,otherwise in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common-Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Crawley, otherwise Hujborn Crawley, in the County of Bedford,

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of divers Owners of Lands and Tenements within the Barony of Gray flock, in the County Lands7nGr»y-of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; ft°ck ag*imt Setting forth, That there are several large Tracts of fadolureBUU Common and Waste Grounds, within the said Barony, called Graystock and Berrier, Hutton Roof, and Low End Commons, upon which the Petitioners and others are entitled to Common of Pasture, and Turbary, as Tenants of the several Manors and Townships of Graystock, Berrier, and Murray, Hutton Roof, and Low End, the said Manors and Townships being reflectively entitled to Common Right upon different and separate Parts of the said Commons, and Waste Grounds, distinguished and known from e&ch other; and that in several Years, for upwards of Twenty Years last past, Notice has been given of its being proposed to make an Application to Parliament for an Act to divide and inclose such Commons and Waste Grounds, but, a great Number of the Persons interested therein having always been of Opinion, that the Division and Inclosure thereof was improper, and having expressed and published an Intention to oppose the fame, no Measures were taken to follow up any of such Notices by an Application to Parliament, previous to the present Session: That, the House having now given Leave to bring io a Bill for the Division and Inclosure of the said Common and Waste Grounds, the Petitioners pray that such Bill may floe be passed into a Law, for the following Reasons: Because the Waste Grounds in Question, although upwards of 3,000 Acres, are very poor in Quality, being valoed, according to the Statement in the Bill, at only £. 5 an Acre, upon an Average, for the Purchase, and abounding with Rocks and MorafTes, so as to be, for the most Part, incapable of Tillage, Cultivation, or Improvement, consequently a very improper Subject upon which to incur the Expence of anlnclosure — Recauie these Waste Grounds are at present of great Utility to the Persons interested therein, and can never be more advanta-geously employed for the Benefit of the Community at large, or of the Individuals interested, than in their present open uninclosed State, serving chiefly as a Pasture for Sheep, which, according to the Season, can now vary their Pasturage, and, in the instances where Horses and Cattle are put thereon, they are enabled to subsist in many dry Parts, by having Access to Water in remote Places — Because, in case of an Inclosure, it will be impossible to combine, in the Shares of by far the greatest Part of the Persons interested, w/et and dry Land, so as to render the Allotments fit for Pasturage, and, being incapable of Tillage, they will be wholly useless, because the Benefits intended to be provided for the Proprietors of small Estates, by that Clause in the Bill which directs that the Duke of Norfolk shall be at the Expence of pairing the Act, and of dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Shares of such as have not real Estates of the Yearly Value of £. 15, will, in a great Measure, be rendered ineffectual and nugatory under the existing Circtun-stances of the Cafe, in as much as the Shares of the lesser Proprietors will be of very trifling or no Value, unless annexed or enjoyed with the more extensive Tracts, and therefore it must follow, that the greatest Proprietors will, in the End, easily obtain the Whole of these small Allotments at low and inconsiderable Prices, to the great Impoverishment and Ruin of all, a or

Great Hock-bam Inclosure Bill reported.

itirkby irt A (h field In* closure Bill patted*

35 Geo. III. 4° Maii.

499

or reoft of, such lcfler Proprietors — Because, the Petitioners apprehend, that the Persons, who have applied to the House for such Bill, have not such a Proportion of Interest in the said Common and Waste Grounds as the Rule of the House requires in Support of such an Application, it being proposed that such Division and Inclosure shall be made according to the Purvey Rate, and the Whole of the Purvey payable by the Owners of the'Lands or Tenements claiming to be so entitled to such Common and Waste Grounds, being One Pound and Six Shillings, of which the Petitioners for the Inclosure do not pay Four-fifth Parts — And bycause, even if an Inclosure was a Mea-fu're likely to be conducive to the Ad vantage of the Persons interfiled, the contrary of which the Petitioners apprehend to be the Cafe, still the Inclosure of separate Commons in different Manors and Townships under one Bill, like the prefenr, would be highly inconvenient, and as tending to blend and confound Interests that are distinct, unjust, the Commons of the different Manors and Townships varying considerably in Extent and Value, so that the same Property or Purvey, in different Manors or Townships, ought not to entitle the Persons paying the fame, to equal Shares; and because the different Interests in the different Manors and Townships, which are likely to produce Disputes and Litigations in some of the Townships, will probably attach upon the Whole, if the Bill should be passed in its present Form: And therefore praying, That they may be heard in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the Barony of Greystoke, in the Copnty of ,be read the

Third Time*

Mr Randyll Burch reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great ham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confcot to the Bill, to the Sa-tisfadlion of the Committee (except the Owner of 24 Acres of Land and 2 Messuages, who refused to sign the Bill , and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 1,389 Acres; and there arc 39 Messuages); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed*

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in /Iffeld, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the - Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, ar\d desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the BUbrooke; Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other indoflirfe Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Bill paired. Manor of Bijbrooke, in the County of Rutland, and for dividing certain Commons, called and Uppingham Brand, adjoining, or lying near to, the said Manor, between the several Manors or Liberties to which the same belong; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common upon the Open Fields and other Commonable Lands within the Manor of > in the said County; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fiejds, Meadows, Pastures, ana other Common-, able Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bijbrooke, in the County of Rutland, and for dividing a certain Common, called Liddington Common, adjoining, or lying near to, the said Manor, between the several Manors or Liberties to which the same belongs; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common upon the Open Fields and other Commonable Lands within the Manor of Seaton, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocbin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration LordjAmend-the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- ,

tuled; An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common stanion', &cl and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and &c. inclosure Waste Grounds, in Brig flock and Sianion, in the County B, U agreed w, of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of rough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green; and also, for ferting out and allotting Lands, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington Chaft, in the said County of Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called or

Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followerh; viz.

Pr. 62. 1. 3. Leave out from respectively *' to

" shall *' in Line 7*

Pr* 77* 1* ") Leave out tc anc} Re£tor of

a*9 J i( ^orou£^ aforesaid."

Pr. 79. 1. 3,1 Leave out «c and Restor of Sudbtrough aforesaid."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Poohin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them; that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee; christ'sHof-to whom the Bill for enabling the Mayor and Com- pitai Billre-monalty and Citizens,of the City of London, Governors potted* of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hpf-pitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ,

Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the and other the

Governors of Christ's Hospital, to purchase Houses and.

Ground for enlarging Christ'sHospitals in London^ and at Hertford, and erecting additional Buildings thereto, and for other Purposes, was committed; Th^t the Committee had examined the Allegations of ;the Bill* and found the same to, be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had direct^d ' him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table,: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question


5°°

Mali.

A. 1795.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hoyfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

BII for making Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the IrjUnd'mans-" Committee of the whole House, to whom' the Bill for fnrabie in making Part of certain Principal Sums or Stock, and reported.' Annuities, raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom of , on

Loans, for the Use of the Government of that Kingdom, transferable, and the Dividends on such Stock and Annuities payable, at the Bank of England, and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of was committed, the

Amendments tohich the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quession severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Sea insurance* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Dunes Bui Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bounties to Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

Mastersand ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole siavifsMps^to House, to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed beconsidertd. in certain Cafes, to Matters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

Petition from Mr. Hjf>kins*» Tru flees for Leave t® prefer m a Petition to eiable His Majofly to grant them the Inheritance of rertain Lands at PainJhiiL

A Petition of George Chamberlaine, Esquire, George Bond, Esquire, one of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes, Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Devisees in Trust, named in and appointed by the 1 last Will and Testament of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, late of Painjhill,in the County of , Esquire, deceased,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the 31st Day of October 1791, gave, devised, and bequeathed (among other Hereditaments) his Messuage or Dwelling House, Erections, and Buildings, Pleasure Grounds, Park, Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Parishes of Cobbam, Walton, and fVifley, and commonly called or known by the Name of Painshill, in the said County of Surrey, unto and to the Use of the Petitioners, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Manner therein mentioned; and that Part of the Premisses devised by the said Will of the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins, conlifts of certain Lands or Grounds, containing in the Whole 93 Acres and 3 Roods, or thereabouts, granted and demised to the Honourable Charles Hamilton (under whom the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins became entitled to the fame) by His present Majesty, by Letters Patenr, under the Seal of His Coure of Exchequer, dated the 30th Day of in the First Year of His Reign, for a Reversionary Term of Twenty-one Years and Three Quarters of a Year, to be computed from the 24th Day of July 1769 (on which Daya'former Grant made thereof to the said Charles Hamilton, by his late Majesty King George the Second did expire) at and under Three several Rents, amounting to the Yearly Rent or Sum of £. 6.16 4

and that a considerable Part of the Lands, so demised to the said Charles Hamilton, cohfifts of many small Parcels lying intermixed with other Lands, Part of certain Lands formerly called Painjhill Common Field, and other Places, the Abuttals and Boundaries whereof have been many Years thrown down and destroyed, and the said Land so demised as aforesaid, together with a large Quantity of Freehold Land, heretofore the Property of the said Charles Hamilton, and late of the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins, having been taken and laid into-One Inclosure, now forming the Pleasure Grounds and Gardens at Painjhill aforesaid, the same cannot now be ascertained and distinguished from the said Freehold Lands contained within the said Inclosure; and that, by reason of the intermixed and undistinguished State of the said Freehold and Leasehold Lands and Grounds, the said Estate at Painjhill aforesaid cannot be offered to Sale with any Prospect of disposing of the same to Advantage, unless the Lands and Grounds comprized in the said Letters Patent, or such Part thereof as are so intermixed and undistinguished as aforesaid, were vested in the Petitioners in Fee Simple: upon the Trusts of the Will of the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins, and to be disposed of by them with the Bulk of the said Estate at Painjhill-, and that the Petitioners have made their humble Suit to His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to give Leave that a Bill may be brought into Parliament to enable His Majesty to sell and convey to the Petitioners, upon the Trusts declared by the Will of the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins, of his said Estate at Painjhill aforesaid the Fee Simple and Inheritance of all or any Part of the Premisses comprized in the said Letters Patent, for an adequate Price or Consideration in Money, or by Way of Exchange for other Hereditaments, and His Majesty has been graciously pleased to assent thereto; and that the Petitioners had prepared a Petition for the Purpose aforesaid before the Time for presenting Petitions for Private Bills expired, but had not then been able to obtain His Majesty's Consent thereto:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to present a Petition, in the present Session, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Retitions for Private Bills has elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave gins. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said George Chamberlaine, George Bond, and Sir Samuel

Hayes.

Then a Petition of George Chamberlaine, Esquire, Mr. Hopkiw'* George Bond, Esquire, One of His Majesty's Serjeants Peti"

at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes, Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Devisees in Trust, named in, and appointed by, the last Will and Testament of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, late of Painjhill,in the county of,

Esquire, deceased, being offered to be presented to the House; .

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to

bring

lion.

Lordi Amendment* to Bill to enable the PottmalttrGe-oeral to open and return certain Letter*, agreed to*

35 Geo. III. 40 Maiu 501

bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the Hpufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Adams,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to open and return certain Letters contained in the Mails, made up at the General Pod Office in London, for the United Provincon the 13th, 16th, and 20th Days of January 1795, and now remaining in the said General Post Office.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 14. I.23. After " Years" insertClaufcs (A)

and (B).

Clause (A). " And be it also further Enacted.

*« by the Authority aforesaid,

" That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries " of State, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal,

" to direct, order, require, and " authorize the Postmaster Ge-et neral to open and return any " Letter or Letters contained in the said Mails respectively, for <{ returning which, Application " shall be made by or on Behalf of any Foreign Minister or Ambassador, upon such Proof *« being made, with or without *« Oath, that such Foreign Minister or Ambassador did " write, sign, or send to the Post, or cause to be written,

" signed, or sent to the Post, *« such Letter or Letters respeci " tively, and upon such other i( Directions fefpefting the said " Letter or Letters lb applied " for being complied with, as *< in such Warrant or Warrants " shall be required to be made " or complied with; and the " Postmaster General is hereby " also required to execute, or " cause to be executed, all such " Orders and Directions as shall " in such respective Warrant or " Warrants be expressed or contained, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

.Clause (B). " And, in as much as in the Exe-

" cution of this present Act it " may happen that same of the " Persons who may apply for " the Return of Letters may " not be enabled to comply " with the precise Forms hereby " directed, and probably cannot take the Oath or Oaths " in the exact Form or Forms " of Words hereby required to " be taken, on which Account u the Postmaster General can-

Vol. Li

t *

« rot, under the Restrictions " hereinbefore contained, return all the Letters contained -t( in the said Mails which shall be applied for to be returned,

notwithstanding that the Per-ft fons so applying may be well " intitled to receive back such " Letters, and that the true Intent and Meaning of this Act "is that they should be enabled so to receive them, Be it furrber Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any same where such Difficulty " shall occur; it shall and may ,c be lawful to and for any One " of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by War-<c rant or Warrants under his ,c Hand and Seal, to direct, order, require, and authorize the Postmaster General to " open and return any such " Letter or Letters for which *« Application shall be made to " be returned, and which cannot be returned under the " Forms and Restricttions hereinbefore contained, upon such " Person or Persons so identi-,f fying the Letter or Letters; " and making Oath in such " Manner and Forin as in such 11 respective Warrant or W7ar-rants shall be required and " expressed; and the Postmaster " General is hereby impowered and required to execute, or " cause to be executed, all fuen " Orders and Directions, and " to administer, or cause to be " administered, such Oath or ' Oaths as shall in such respecd tive Warrant or Warrants be «« expressed or contained, any Thing hereinbefore contained <l to the contrary thereof in c‘ anywise notwithstanding."

The said' Amendments being Severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King Georgeihz First, intituled, "An Act for amending the Laws relating " to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief, of " the Poor," as.prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rcjolved, That this House will, upon Friday SeVen-night, the 15th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself.into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

6 M the

Poor Relief; Bill deferiedo

t

Bill to amencj Hawker* and Pedlars A&, deferred.

petition from the West India Planters and Met chants.

Address for

y\fount of

iJitllrent Sums y Aid to the I mperor during ihe War.

Ad-htIs for Copies of Pjo» c In m'll ions ifued by Sir ( lui lcj ij'cy and 't John J

A<Mn-fs f' r Memo* '-j 's ridnlinL; to the Conduct ob-feived: - t.*:c flinch itlar.iis

5 oi

4° Mail

A. 1795.

the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning nexr, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Planters and Merchants of the British West India 1 (lands was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That, with deep Regret, the Petitioners observe, that, having repeatedly delivered Memorials to His Majesty's Ministers, respecting the Proclamations of Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervis issued in May 1794, an Answer was officially communicated to the Chairman of the West Indian Meeting on Friday the id of May,dating, that Retribution being directed to be made of Sums paid as Contribution under the Proclamations alluded to, those Proclamations may be considered as annulled, and thus implying that no further Step is thought necessary to be taken; and the Petitioners conceive, that Principles and Declarations of so extraordinary and alarming a Nature, as those promulgated by Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervis, May the 10th and aid, 1794, by Proclamation (the ordinary and authentic Vessele of National Authoiitv, Sentiments, and Resolutions, when addressed to Foreign Powers and to a hodile People) cannot be done away, or, as to their F.ffcCts and Con-feautnees, annulled by simple RetributionofExactions, and by mere Forbearance of further Oppredion That the Petitioners confidtr the Proclamations and Acts alluded to as having renewed, if not originated,a Sydem of Warfare throughout the West Indies, novel as unjud in its Principles, ruinous in its Operations, and terrible in the Consequences, which the malignant Spirit of Retaliation ever foperadds to the original Example of Wrongs: That former Apprehensions entertained on this Subject by the Petitioners have all ready been verified, hodile Attacks have Been made on Brit iff) West Indian Islands, and the Animosity with which Invasions appear to have been conducted, in Agreement with the vindictive Spirit shewn in the Proclamations issued by the French Commissioners in February 1795, refers, in a Manner not to be midaken, to those Proclamations to which the Petitioners have presumed repeatedly to call the Attention of His Majesty's Ministers, and of which they hope for a Disavowal of a Nature the most public, *and from Authority the most rel'pedtable; and the Petitioners humbly conceive, that the National Character and Public In-t«reds are deeply concerned in such Disavowal, and pray for such Relief as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, 7'hat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Received, That an humble Address be ere fen ted to H is Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the different Sums of Money that have been paid to the Emperor, or the Commanders of His Imperial Majesty's Forces, at different Times, during the present War; together with the Dates of such Payments.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are offIis Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Thar an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this Houfp, Copies of the Proclamations issued by Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervis, during their Command in the West Indies.

Re cived, That an humble Address be presented to Ills Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased ro give Directions, that there be Laid before this House,

Copies of such Memorials, or other Papers, as have been presented to these, or other of His Majesty's Officers, relating to the Conduct which was observed ' to the French Islands after they came under the British Government.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to AtMrefsfoi-His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to p^-femed'to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, HisM.jetty's Copies of such Memorials as have been presented on

to His Majesty's Miniders on the same Subject; together with the Answers given by them to the Memorialists.

Ordered, That the said Addrefies be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Quedion was proposed, Motion for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty,

That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, po.w'maer by that there be laid before this House, Copies of such the La.»o;ficei- Reports as have been made by the Law Officers of the Crown, to whom the above Memorials were referred.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before tills House, a Copy of the Memorial presented to the Duke of Portland, in Answer to the Memorials of the India Merchants and Planters, and others, by Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervis.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the separate Inflructions transmitted to Sir Charles Grey relative to the Distribution of any Booty* taken on Land, by His Majesty's Army and Navy, in the Islands of Martinique, Saint Lucia, and

Rejohed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there belaid before this House, a Copy of the Letter of Mr. Secretary Dundas, of the 7:!', of March, relating to the Plan of Distribution proposed by Sir Charles Grey.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Proclamations issued by Lieutenant General Prescott, Major General Dundas, or Colonel Myers, in the Island of Martinique.

Ordered, That the said Addrefies be presented to-His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Addrefi for Memorial prei fen red to the Duke ol Portland.

Address for separate Irish uc-tiuns tranloiit-ted to Sir Charles Grey , Relative to the Diltiibution of Booty.

Address for Mr. Dur.das'* Letter relating to the Flan ot Dulrihunon propoltd by Sif Charies Grey,

Add»ef* for Proclamations iiiued by Ge-retal Pidcott, See.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do make the innkeepers Bill Report from the Committee of the whole House, to reported, whom the Bill for increasing the Rates of Sublifience to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers during the present War, was committed.

Mr. Secretary at War accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quedion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Eil!, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr.

Ccpy of Circular Ot ill*i s to Gtz\cral OfE cer* r* l *?ive to the M»«ic of vouching for Biead, pre-frnutl.

Committee to

cor.fuier of Dotu* to he chare d on Certain Good*

t:ing Dutch ivpcrty.

Eipirinf: I.av» l>i-l tiilctitd. (Exult.)

BiM fer fomi-

itutntr L^Ma*c

»r,d Saliatlj.;e

Acts deterred.

Bill for re-

]»Cd*tn r additional Duties on S:.-;c C«- t< In dele mv*.

s, Tr:y

dcitMlCvl.

'ays ard I^ans deferred.

35 Geo. III. 40 — 5

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of Circular Orders to the General Officers commanding Districts, containing Regulations relative to the Mode of accounting for and vouching the Cha rees for B re ad.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties to be charged on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Countries within the Limits of the exclu-five Trade of the East India Company, being Dutch Property.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl of Alornington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Earl of Mornmgtcn reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will p!ease to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

lleici.rd. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jcilv, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines >and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of British-n\adc Spirirs from England to Sect-l<v:dy and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir It ill:am l'ijl:cp, George EJhop, and* Argles Eiff:of, to carry on the Manufacture of MaiJfione Geneva; and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twcr.ty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.

Refolded, That this House will; Tomorrow Morning, rdblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the BUI for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River ‘Thames.

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Ffeign of His present Majesty, intituled, c< An fc Act for granting to His Majesty several additional c< Rates ni-d Ducit> upon Holies and Carriages with " hour Wheels; and for explaining and amending an <c Act, j ailed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present <c Majesty, r.s far as relates to certain Carriages with of Two or Three Wheels, therein mentioned,*' as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels used as Stage Coaches, be read a Second

# O 9

Time Tomorrow Morning.

Iicjoht'u, That this House will, upon Wedn'Jday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee oi\ the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majes.v.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

'Mail. - 50 3

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.*

MarttS) 50 dieMaii;

Anno 35® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

K\RDERED, That Mr. Morgan do make the Re- Brecon ami port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road reported, at, or near, Abemant, through Merthyr Tidvtll, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Public Roads near Rhyd y Blew, in the County of , was committed.

Mr. Morgan accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of William Lewis and William Tfaitt, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Proprietors of Dowlais Furnaces at Merthyr Fidvill, in the County of Glamorgan; and also, the Petition of several Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands and Estates in the Parish of Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, whose Names are thereunto subscribedj and also, the Petition of several Proprietor and Occupiers of Lands and Estates, in the Parish of Gelligare, in the County of Glamorgan, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, referred to their Consideration, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wirh the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that One of the Turnpike Gates shall not be erected until a certain Part of the Road is finished.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

A nother Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that there shall be no Obstruction to the working of Mines.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

For enabling the Trustees to fence the Roads to prevent the Tolls being evaded.

And the said Clause was Tvvice read; and, upon the Qiieftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, direCling how a particular Part of the Road shall be made.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Boulton clofir.g, the Open and Common Fields, Common I"^e°jureB'^ Meadows, Common Paftufes, Downs, and other Commonable

5°4

Mali.

A.

1795

fnonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in

the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title b'e, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common PaOures,' Downs, and other Commonable" and Waste Lands, in the Parish of , in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The i.ov'Js a Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

have agreed 10 Sponger:

Mr. Speaker,

t ii'f°ih<CFr* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

vih"eof* 'Act for further regulating the sending and receiving hianking. Letters free from the Duty of Postage; for allowing Non-commissioned Officers, Seiunen, and Private Men, in the Navy and Army, whilst on Service, to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Portage; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Poll: at an ealier Rate than is now allowed by Law; without any Amendment: And also, Receipt*athii- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An fhjuiiDuiiet Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts; without any Amendment: And also,

Scotch Distii- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An leryadditional Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on uues 1 . DistjUeries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of

Britiff-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England-, and to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of " Distilleries in Scotlaand the Exportation of *{ British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and " from Scotland to for a limited Time;"

without any Amendment: And also,

Bill forapply- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An inj staff.-id- Act for applying certain Sums of Money, raised in the Money.'lltU County of Stafford, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

EiUfurimiun- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An nityi.12: Go- Act to indemnify Governors, Lieutenant Governors, the w!lund'a ant^ Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, Jiltnds. who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms; without any Amendment: And also,

Kill for repif* Tiie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An tir.ng Vciicis Act for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vef-

uted on Inland r, r T . °- r . 0 - T , .

Navigations. lcts, ol certain Delcnptions, ukd on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great , to be re-

gillcred; without any Amendment: And also,

MarkciM The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

F.ih.iy Enl. Act for the Encouragement of the Mackerel Fishery;

without any Amendment: And also.

Much Marcie The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An inch,sure Bill. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Failures, in the Townships of

Holton, and Kinaston, in the Parish of Much Marcle,

in the County of Hereford-, without any Amendment: And a!lb,

Billcocontinue . The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An j\t\ for !:»- Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the ona'i'British Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-l-.ihcriti. jesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fillieries;" without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

MjdJifon't Kit.11c Bill committed*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting detached Parts of the devised Estates of John Madd/on, Esquire, deceased, in Trullces, to

be fold, and for laying out the Produce, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vvner,

Junior, Sir John Thorold, fee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

' *

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, Epwo th, to whom the Bill for dividing* allotting, inclosing, {^XfuVesni draining, and improving, the Commons and Waite Drs Inage Bill Grounds within the several Parishes of Efivcrtb^ n?-'rteJ-Haxey, Belton, and Owftcn, in the Ille of in

the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Com-

pensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Estates, in the Parishes of Epworth, Belton, Haxsy, and within the Manor of Epworth, in the Isle of in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunder written; and also, the Petition of divers Proprietors of Houses, Lands, and Estates, entitled, in respect thereof, to Commonage Rights in certain large and extensive Open Grounds, called 'The Commons, situate within the several Parishes. of worth, Belton, Haxey, and On/on, in the lile in the County of Lincoln-, and also, the Petition Sir Francis Wood, Baronet, one of the Participants of the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, were fc-verally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the first and second.mentioned Petitions, and had considered the last mentioned Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Behalf of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Pa/ties concerned had given their Confenc to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands alTefied to the Land Tax at £,in. 14J. 8 \d.who refused to sign the Bill; and

also, except the Owners of Lands alTdTed to the Land Tax at £. 16.i8f. lod. who declared themselves

neuter; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed by the said Bill is artelled at £.754. 9 s. 11 id.) and thac the Committee had gone through the Biii, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Jiis Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be padded to the Bill for compelling the Attendance of Witnesses.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill One of the said Blanks with a pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Ciaule be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rcjolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause. *

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the C hair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee,

Woodboroueh

Indoftire Bill reported.

Committee on Colonel Mac-pberfon's Bill.

fceport refer, red.

1

35 Geo. III. 5a Mail. 505

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House* and the said Clause was added, by the House, to the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of fVoodborough, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had |riven their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates, aflVffed to the Land Tax at 1. or. 9^. who refused to sign the Bill* and that the whole Property, intended to be incloTed, is assessed at £.17. 9 r. 1 id. 1 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout* and then a Second Time, One Ijy One* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, " upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited " Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Ma- nagement of a Board of Trustees by an Act passed " in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the " said A ft,'' as relates to the Amount of the Debt charged upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited by the Attainder of Evan late of

Cluny.

Ordered, That the Report'which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Duncan Macpberjon, of Cluny, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

You U

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon the 24th Day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts, of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh of Fiis present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of *

and for improving the Navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the Rites of RiveragC, Tonnage, and Wharfage, payable thereon* was committed, and which was then ordered to lie-upon the Table, be now taken Into further Chnfidefation *

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House upon Tuesday last* pursuant to the Standing Order of

the HoUle of the 7 th Day of May 1794 *

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Conrftderation Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill fof amehding an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge over " the River Thames, at the Town 6f Henley upon Thames, in the County of and making com- modious Avenues thereto, for widening some Part " of the High Street and the Marketplace, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, t{ and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town," so far as the same relates to widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill viz.

Pr. 3, I.35. After "in," to infeft "theScite

" of the said Old Market House, and in"

1. 36. After the Second " of " to insert , the Sciteof the said Old Mar-

ket House, and of''

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hdufe and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a' Bridge over the «« River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, " in the County of Oxford, and making commodious " Avenues thereto, for widening some Part of the tc High Street and the Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and re- moving Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town," so far as the same relates to widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir John Call do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Messuages, Open Common Fields and Waste Lands, Commons, Fen Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon, was referred That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with and that the Committee had examined the

6 N Matter

Confers ffbri of Report on Xtcbin Navigsu tion Bill dt~ ferred.

Heftley upon Thames Mar* ket Place, Scu Bill pitted.

Warboyt Inclosure and Drainage Petition reported* ,

5° Mali. A. 1795.

Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Reporc in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folle.weth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr, Thomas Longland being examined, said. That there are within the said Manor, several Open Common Fields, and Waste Lands, Common Fen Lands, and Grounds, which if drained, divided, and inclosed, would be very materially improved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of War-boys, in the County of H; and for repealing (q much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of „ " Ramsey, Bury, V/iftow, , Somersham, Colne,

" and Pidley with Fenton, in the said County of Hun-' " tingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris, and

" ton, within the JJle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge," as relates to the letting certain Lands therein mentioned: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and the Earl Ludlow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Return of Ar- Captain Berkeley presented to the House, pursuant tillery Horiee, their Order

&c. presented. lnc,r v"'rucr>

A Return of the Park of Artillery Horses, from November 30th 1793 to March 9th 1795, Bat Horses from May 2d 1794 to 9th March 1795, and of the Horses of the Royal Horse Artillery, for the Two last Years.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Srifion.

Bin for m.tk- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for making Part transferable of certain Principal Sums or Stock and Annuities, "Eland» raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the

Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, on Loans, for the Use of the Government of that Kingdom, transferable, and the Dividends on such Stock and Annuities payable, at the Bank of England, and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making Part of certain Principal Sums or Stock and Annuities, raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, on Loans, for the Use of the Government of that Kingdom, transferrable, and the Dividends on such Stock and Annuities payable, at the Bank of England, and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 10 ref-'!ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, (Excise.) upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of British

made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bifop, George Bifloop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva j and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts,

WTafh, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, be new read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for an®. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring tinefy,°&c. " Men, for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private passed.

Men now serving in the Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Title be, An Act for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring Men, for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now serving in the Militia; and to amehd an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and reduc- ing into one Act of Parliament the Laws relat- ing to the Militia in that Part of Britain

«« called England"

Ordered, That Captain Berkeley, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Earl of Morninglon, according to Order, re- ReportrcfpeP.. ported from the Committee of the whole House, to ir.gDutksto whom it was referred to consider of the Duties to ceramGojdi be charged on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the being Dmca Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Countries PrcPtrty* within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, being Dutch Property, the Refoiu-tions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or brought into this Kingdom, of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of India or China, or other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, there shall be paid to His Majesty the like respective Duties that are now payable for Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, of the like Sorts, imported by the said United Company.

Resolved, Thac it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thar, on the Exportation from this Kingdom of any of the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, there shall be paid the like Duties, and be allowed the same Drawbacks of Duties, as the like Sorts of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, would be subject or entitled to on the Exportation thereof by the said United Company. v l he said Uefoltitions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make further

35 Geo. III.

5° Ma

5 °1

further Provision reflecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the 16th and aift Days of "January 1795, anc* to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Committee on Bill to make further Provision rdpfcting Ships and Effects come to take the Bcr.e-fit of certain Orders in Count il.

ftponed.

Ordered., Thar the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the i6ch and aift Days of January 17 95,. and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships-and Effects detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ihbart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ikbart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further CoDsideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the house.

inr.icftpmBin Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ^palfca. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for increasing

the Rates of Subfifience to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers during the present War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subfifience to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotch An all A Bill for the more easy and expeditious Recovery Debts Bill of Small Debts in that Part of Great Britain called commuted. Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. William &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to appor- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ditefted to be Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to apportion the given'to the* Relief, by the several Statutes now in Force, directed Families of to be given to the Wives and Families of Non-com-passed! Mtn' mifijoned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates, serving in the Militia, between the County at large and the peculiar Districts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed so be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 11. To leave out " Five," and insert " Three," instead thereof.

1. jo. To leave out "Five," and insert " Three," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to apportion the Relief, by the several Statutes now in Force, directed to be given to the Families of Non-comtnifiioned Officers, Drummers,

Fifers, and Privates, serving in the Militia, beeween the County at large, and the peculiar Districts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia; and to remove certain Difficulties in respect to the Relief of Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. IVigley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Order for Se-cond Reading of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year pealing addi-of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An tional Duties " Act for granting to His Majesty several additional CoS, read. " Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with " Four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an " Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages " with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned," as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels, used as Stage Coaches, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Melfage by Mr* Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Roy^Assen! Black Rod: *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers* to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the De-Fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal High-nel's the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury,the Lord High

Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords* to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in Scotland, and on the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for the Regula-8 tion

.by

508 5° Mail A. 1705.

tion of Distilleries in Scotla, and the Exportation " of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland,

and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the Duty of Postage; for allowing Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Private Men, in the Navy and Army, whilst on Service, to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Postage i and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Poll at an easier Rate than is now allowed by Law:

An Act for the Encouragem % it of the Mackerel Fishery 1

An Act to indemnify Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms:

An Act for requiring all Beats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered:

An Act to continue an$ amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries

An Act for applying certain Sums of Money raised in the County of Stafford, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament made respecting the Militia of this Kingdom:

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual assessing and collecting of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopsgate, in the Liberties

" of the City of London j" for providing a Workhouse for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish, and for the Employment, Maintenance, and Regulation of the said Poor therein:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road between Aylesbury and Wendover, through Princes Rijborough,to West Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to exchange certain Lands, Part of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands in the same Shire, belonging to himself in Fee Simple, and to Archibald Munro:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Henry Gaily, Esquire, situate in the County of Huntingdon, in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate, of greater Value, in the County of York, to be settled in Lieu of the said Estate in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Rujbbrooke, Esquire, in the County of Suffolk, in the Most Noble Charles Marquis Cornwallis, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of equal Value, in the same County, in Lieu thereof and in Exchange for the same An Act for vesting the settled Estates, late of John Dolphin, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Portions of the younger Children of the said John Dolphin, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, Crump/all, and Yellow, in the County of Lancaster,called Clarke's Charity Lands, to make Leases for Years upon Rack Rents, and all'o to grant Building Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the said Lands under reserved Yearly Rents:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Smith, formerly of Merchant,

for charitable Purposes, in Trustees, to be sold to John Pardoe, Esquire, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled in Lieu thereof, and for regulating the Charity established by the said -Will:

An Act for effectuating a.Partition of certain Estates of Sir Edward Knatchbull, Baronet, Sir JoJ'epb Banks, Baronet, and Dame Dorothea his Wife, and Sir Henry Thomas Gott, Knight, situate in the Counties of Kent and Sussex:

An Act for dividing, and leafing, or letting, certain Commons or Waste Grounds within the Borough and Township of Congltton, in the County of Chester, and for applying the Profits of Part of the same in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes or Public Expences, within the said Township:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Pallures, in the Townships of Marcle,

Wolton, and Kinafton,in the Parish of Much Marcle, in the County of Hereford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Brigstock and the County of Northampton, and such Part of the Parish of Sud-borough, in the same County, as is called Sudborough Green, and also, for setting out and allotting Lands, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, the Common Rights upon Geddington Cha/e, in the said County of Northampton, and upon that Part of the Forest of Rockingham, in the same County, which is called The Haye, or Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such Common Rights:

An Act for naturalizing Felix Vincent Raper.

Then the Bill for repealing so much of an Act of jt;u forrepwi-Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the ing addition^ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for stageCoachtt, €t granting to His Majesty several additional Rates commitwd.

" and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four " Wheels j and for explaining and amending an Act,

" passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two " or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels used as Stage Coaches, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee o» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Matter* and to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Surgeon* of Cafes, to Mailers and Surgeons of Ships employed in S1*ye S1"1>K the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That^the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into PoorRemon! further Consideration the Report from the Committee Bill deferred, of the whole House to whom the Bill to prevent the

Removal

Bill for Inroll-mtnc of Deeds and Wills made by Pa pi As, p relented.

Committee on BUI for continuing Laihge and BalUfbac Afii

BrvdgnKftate

Bill reported, and fasted.

HasfieM Inclosure Bill reported.

35 Geo. III. 50 — 6°

Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollmene of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Prorestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Acts paflc-d for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Matt;

Anno 35* Georgii IIItM Regis, 1795.

R It AYERS.

MR. "John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the I>ords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Egerton Brydges, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Rent, and City of,

in Trustees, to fell or exchange the fame, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale or Exchange in the Purchase of other Freehold Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tire Yame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Re/olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to wrhom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,* Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hatfield, in the County of Gloucester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands rated to the Land Tax at £. 4. 3 J. 5 d.

Vol. L.

Mail 509

num, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands rated at £. 24. $s. An-

num, who declared themselves neuter -, #and that the Whole of the Lands having Right of Common are rated at £. 142. 4 t. 1 dt\and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) i and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they nad di-rested him to report to the Floufe j and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in it the Cletk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One* by Ohe j aha, upon the Question severally put^ thereupon, wire agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. William Jtgerion dp make the Stoke upon Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for New«ft"e making ar maintaining a Navigable Canal from and under Lym* out of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mer/ey, at Canal ®‘il or near Stoke upon Trent, in the County of , to reporte

the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the said County,

was committed.

Mr. William Egerton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had heard Couri-fel in Support of the Petition of the Persons, whoftf Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of their Co-partners, Lessees for Lives of the Navigation of the River from Wil-den Ferry, in the County of Derby, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; and also, of the Petition of the Right honourable Henry Earl of Uxbridge; and also, of the Petition of Sir Nigel Bowyer '

Grefley, Baronet j and also, of the Petition of the Owners or Occupiers of Mills, Forges, and other Works, upon the River Trent,between Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and Cavendish Bridge, in the County of Derby, and of the Owners of Fdheries in the said River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, of the Petition of the most Noble Thomas Duke of Newcastle; and also, of the Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl of Moira, referred to their Consideration, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Commictee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, jn respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon- the Tabic.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from the Brecon and Neath Turnpike Road ar, or near, through Roar

Merthyr Tidvill,in the County of Glamorgan, to join yatfed. the Public Roads near Rhydy Blew, in the County of Brecon, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. 29. To leave out from " in" to "Road'* in 1. 30. and insert " amending " the said" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road at, or near, Abemant, through

6 Q Merthyr

510

6° Matt.

A. 1795,

Report on Itchin Navigation Bill further considered.

Done after Bridges, &e» Bill passed.

Btmlrd Castle Inclosure Bill passed.

Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join

the Public Roads near Rhydy Blew, in the County of Brecon.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Arts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton, and for improving the Navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the Rates of Riverage, Tonnage, and Wharfage, payable thereon, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging Mr. D'Arcy to make, repair, and maintain certain Ditches, Drains, and Fences.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to compel Purchasers of Shares to pay a rateable Proportion of Incumbrances.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the; House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Damage done by the late Floods to certain Bridges, and to, the Road, near the Town of Doncaster, and for making the said Bridges and Road safe and commodious for Travellers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Damage done by the late Floods to certain Bridges, and to the Road, near the Town of Doncaster, and for making the said Bridges

and Road safe and commodious for Travellers.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Barnard Castle, in the Parish of Gainford, and County of Durham, called Barnard Castle Moor, The Little Moor, Glenton Green, and The Baiting Steads, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That nothing therein contained shall prejudice or affert the Boundaries between the Manors of Egleston and Raby.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following, were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. i. 1. penult. After " Widow" to insert " 77mothy ."

Pr. 2 j. 1. 38. After " hereafter" to insert ct according to the true Construction. Meaning, and Effert of " the said Award and Deed Poll therein recited."

Pr. 24. 1. 28. To ' leave out " One Calendar Month" and insert t( Four-(t teen Days" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Ques. tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House'f and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors,

Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Barnard Castle, in the Parish of Gainford, and County of Durham, called Barnard Castle Moor, The Little Moor,

Glenton Green, and The Baiting Steads.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Jhe Lor<,*1

c 0 ' J nave agreed t«

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An BigamyBin, Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to restrain all Persons from Marriage until their former Wives and former Husbands be " dead without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Almond and Act to continue, extend, and enlarge, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of oa " the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the New Bridge over the W ater of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The-Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kighley *nd Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Halifax Road larging the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed 1 ' in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Kighley to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and several other Roads therein respCftively described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Kighley to Halifax aforesaid j withduc any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Eningto* Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields within the Hamlets of Upper Eatinglon and Ful- with an ready, in the Parish of Lower Eatington, in' the County Amendment, of Warwick, and for taking down and re-building the Church of the said Parish; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment LonWAmend-

into Consideration. ilTtoiTindo

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol- fufeand"'0 loweth J viz. Church Bill

Pr. 57. 1. ult. T After " Preference" inserttf Pro- aerce '°‘ and > vided always. That such a

Pr. 58. 1. 1. J Number of the said Open tf Seats or Stalls, with proper c< Benches, shall be left for the " Accommodation of Persons <{ who are Inhabitants of the 11 said Parish, and not Owners,

of as shall be sufficient, in the Judgment of the' Bishop of Worcester for the Time be-

fc ins-"

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill

to

Mr. Hopkins'* Trustees Petition reported.

35 Geo. III. 6° Mail.5 li

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House of the Will of the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins, and to hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord- be disposed of by them with the Bulk of the said ships. Estate at Painjhill.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Chamlerlaine, Esquire, George Bond, Esquire, one of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes, House, to consider of the said Report.

Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Devisees in Trull,

named in, and appointed by, the last Will and Telia- Ordered, That Mr. Fergujon do make the Report Colonel Mac-ment of Benjamin Bond Hopkins late of Painjhill in the from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the- Pher^'* BlU County of Surrey, Esquire, deceased, was referred. Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the;

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Committee, That the Committee had examined the Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed " to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, to be reported to the House; and he read the Report " upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the " Estates in which were put under the Ma-,

Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is " nagement of a Board of Trustees by an Act, passed as followeth; viz. " in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Majesty King the Second, and to repeal the

Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, was pro- " said Act," as relates to the Amount of the Debt duced to your Committee, whereby he gave, devised, charged upon the Lands and Estate which became and bequeathed (among other Hereditaments) his forfeited by the Attainder of Evan late of

Mefluaee or Dwelling House. Kreftions. and Build- Clunv, was committed.

I' *

ings, Pleasure Grounds, Park, Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in the several Parishes of Cobham, Walton, and Wijley, and commonly called or known by the Name of Pair (hill, in the said County of Surrey, unto and to the Use of the said George Chamberlaine, George Bond, and Sir Samuel Hayes, their Heirs, Execu-

tors, Administrators, and AlTigns, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Manner therein mentioned: — Ari*d,

Mr. Robert Blake being examined, said, That Part of the Premisses devised by the Will of the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins, consists of certain Lands or Grounds containing in the Whole Ninety-eight Acres and Three Roods, or thereabouts, granted and demised to the Honourable Charles Hamilton (under whom the Paid Benjamin Bond Hopkins became entitled to the fame) by His present Majesty, by His Letters Patent under the Seal of His Court of Exchequer, dated the 30th Day of December, \n the First Year of His Reign,

for a reversionary Term of Twenty-one Years and Three Quarters of a Year, to be computed from the 24th Day of July 1769 (on which Day a former Grant made thereof to the said Charles Hamilton by his late Majesty King George the Second, did expire) at and under Three several Yearly Rents, amounting to £. 6. 16 s.4 d.the Inrollment whereof was produced

to your Committee. '

William Harrison, Esquire, being examined, said. That a considerable Part of the Lands so demised consists of 25 small Parcels or upwards, lying intermixed with other Lands, Part of certain Lands formerly called Painjhill Common Field, and other Places, the Abuttals and Boundaries whereof have been many Years thrown down and destroyed, and the said Land so demised as aforesaid, together with a large Quantity of Freehold Land, heretofore the Property of the laid Charles Hamilton, and late of the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins, having been taken and laid into one Inclosure, now forming the Pleasure Grounds and Gardens at aforesaid, the same cannot now be ascertained and distinguistied from the said Freehold Lands contained within the said Inclosure 'Then,

Mr. Blake being further examined, said, That by Reason of the intermixed and undistinguished State of the said Freehold and Leasehold Lands and Grounds, the said Estate at Painjhill aforesaid, cannot be offered to Sale with any Prospect of disposing of the same to Advantage, unless the Lands and Grounds comprized in the said Letters Patent, or such Part thereof as are so intermixed and undistinguished as aforesaid, were vested in the said George Chamberlaine, George Bond, and Sir Samuel Hayes, in Fee Simple, upon the Trulls

Mr. Fergujon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing, dividing, allotting, GainiWgh draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and n,cj-°r"r* *&c Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Bill pafccL C* Walles, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Gainsburgh, in the Parish of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising within the said Township, and within the Lordship of , in the said

Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Walles, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Gainsburgh, in the Parish of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln; and also for making a Compensation

for the Tythes arising within the said Township, and within the Lordship of Thonock, in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Importation or ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to'teconsider- House, to consider of the Importation of Rape Seed, cd. and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above the Price of Twenty Pounds per Last.

Ordered.That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of permitting the Importation of Rape Seed into this Kingdom Duty-free, to be warehoused.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1 Ordered,

'd by

A. 1795.

511 6° — 70 Mail

w«y« *nd Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Mean* defer* (0 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. Jovisy 70 die Mail $

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn. Anno 35* Georgii III"' Rems, 179C.

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. D

Expiring;Laws Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving

ePort ^bm t*ie Committee of the whole House ' to whom the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of British-vnade Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George and Angles to

carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva $ and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty.seventh Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving MaiUrsand the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Surgeon* of to whom it was referred to consider of proper Bounties

deferiwLP* to he allowed, in certain Cafes, to Masters and Sur-

geons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves frdm the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for eonti- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiv-»ndB»Haffoge 'n6 the Report from the Committee of the whole Act*deferred. House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Bal-iaftage in the River Thames, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Proceeding*on The other Order of the Day being read, for the Bill 10 prevent Second Reading of the Bill more effectually to pre-Jtai'ww/ vent tl*c stealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock}

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of tho, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sedgeford, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadow-s, Waites, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of llagwortbixgbam, in the County of Lincoln-, with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, Common Stinted Palture, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Lordship of in

the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Axi Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Fields, Lot Ground, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground, in Woolton and Borejhill, in the Parish of Cumner, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in

he County of Bedfordwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbotts Bromley, otherwise Bagels Bromley, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parishes of Hillingdon and Cowley, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also. The. Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John at in

the County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery or Church Yard ;" and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the said Church, and other Works; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for keeping in Repair the Footways in the High Street of the Town of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting and watching the said Street, and also certain Courts and Alleys communicating the rewith, and for removing and preventing Encroach-

ments.

The Lords h.»ve dgiced to

Scartho Inclosurc Bill.

Sedgeford Tn-clolure Bill.

Hagworihing-ham Inclosuis Bill.

Swarby Tn-closure Bill.

Wootton and re (hill Indolurc Bill*

Eaton Socoi lucloiure Bill*

AbboittBrom*

l^y Incluiuic

Bill.

Hillingdon and Cowley inclosure Bill*

Hackney Church Bill*

Bill for re* pairing, &c. the Footway# of Kensington High Street.

35 Geo. III.

Mail

5*3

L^pwotth and King (wood Canal Bill.

Stamford and Grectham Road Bill.

Towwftff Road Bill*

Ofbournby and Newton luclolure Bill.

Hallux Church Bill, with Amend* menu.

The Lords hare passed

A Id worth's Charity Kltate

Bill.

Aofwer« to Addivlicj.

of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Guze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the fune to Sea, by the

Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of IViggenball Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of Lynn, and for

improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, which Bill was, upon the 23d Day of last, re-

ported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Vice Chamberlain of the Household (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of an Act, Colonel Mae-made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His ph?r?"'*8,11 present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His pa e *

Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the " forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees. by an Act,

" palted in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal " the said Act," as relaces to the Amount of the Debt charged upon the Lands and Estate which became

ments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein 5 without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford

upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the

Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, altering, and improving, the Road leading from the Great North Road, in the Town of Stamford, and County of Lincoln, through the Town of Oakham, to the Great North Road aforesaid, at, or near, a House calied Abe Cross Guns, in the Parish of Grcetbam, and County of Rutland -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike

Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardingston, in the County of Northampton -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pafturts, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of OJboumly, in the County of Lincoln, and a Plot of Half Years Meadow Land called Alickling Aleadow, in the Parishes of Newton and Scot Willoughby, or one of them, in the said County -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York-, forfeited by the Attainder of Evan Alacpberfon, late of with some Amendments -, to which Amendments the was read the Third Time.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

also, be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in,

The Lords hive paired i Bill, intituled, An Act for the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Sale of an Estate in the Parish of Bentmorth, in the Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to

County of Southampton, which has been purchased with a Legacy given by the Will of Richard Aldworth, El'quire, deceased, for certain charitable Purposes, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale for the like Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act," as relates to the Amount of the Debt charged upon

CC

the Lands and Estate which became forfeited by the Mr. Vice Chamberlain of the Household reported Attainder of Evan Macpberfon, late of Cluny.

to the House, That their Address of the 30th Day of April LI. (that H is Majesty would be graciously pleas-etl to give Directions, for erecting the Monument to th* Memory of Captain Faulknor, in the Cathedral CliMth of Saint Paul's, Londinstead of the Collegiate Church cf Saint Peter at Westminster) had been prclented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That His Majesty, being desirous that the Monuments which may be erected in the Church of Saint Paul should be

Ordered, That Mr. Fergufon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Trevelyan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving and supporting the Navigation of the River Ivel, otherwise Yeo, from the Town of Ivelchester, to Bicknell Bridge, in the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the County of Somerset, and for making a Navigable Cut from thence into a certain Drain, called Portlake Rhine, in the Parish of Langport, in the

Ivclchester and Langport Navigation Bill reported.

so disposed as to contribute, as much as possible, to same County, and for making the said Drain navigable

King* Con* lent to Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill.

the Beauty and Ornament of that Cathedral, will accordingly give Directions for erecting the Monument, desired by the House of Commons, to the Memory of Captain Faulknor, in the Manner that shall appear the best adapted to that Purpose.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain of the Household also reported to the House, That their Addresses of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account, and the Copies of the fevc-ral Proclamations, Memorials, and other Papers therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level

Vol. L.

from thence to the River Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the Town of Langport, was committed}

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dififented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Rochdale, whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of j^j^'Road

6 P Three Bill reported.

Ropefley and Humhy Inclosure Rill reported*

Member added

u> luing in Wat hoys I' clolure and Drainage Bill-

514 7 Mail. A. 1795.-

Three A&3, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing ^nd widening the Road from in the County Palatine of , to the Towns of

Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from " Mump's Brook, within Oldbthe County Pala- tine of Lancaster, to Ripponden in the West Riding " of the County of York, and a Branch therefrom, at ,f or near, Denjhaw,to, or near to, and

" another Branch therefrom, at or near , to

" Delph, all within Saddleworthin the said Riding," was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heaths, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of , and in the Liberties or Townships of Great and Little Hum by, in

the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackreth be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste La nds, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Warbcys,in the County of Huntingdon; and for re-

pealing lo much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen " Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ran fey. Bury, Wifiow,

" foam, Colne, and Ridley with Fenton, in the said " County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of ten's and Dcddington,within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge," as relates to the letting certain Lands therein mentioned.

Mr. Mackreth presented ‘to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, <c An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen " Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several " Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wifiow,

" bam, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the said County ,f of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and " Doddington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of tc Cambridge," as relates to the letting certain Lands

therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an Estate in the Parish of in the County of Southampton, which has been purchased with a Legacy given by the Will of Esquire, deceased, for certain charitable Purposes, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale for the like Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for huilding a Bridge over the " River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, " in the County of Oxford, and making commodious " Avenues thereto, for widening some Part of the " High Street and the Market Place, for lighting and " watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances " from, the said Town," so far as the same relates to widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands,' and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of KelJball, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kelshall, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and repealing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Cajllrton, to rowpit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post near Barber's Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Hardgr.te-wall,

and Fairfield, to a House known by the Sign of The Angel, in Buxton3in the County of Derby, and for granting further and other Powers for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr.

Warboys Inclosure and Drainage Bill presented.

Aldworth'i Charity Estate Bill read.

Mr. John Pitt to carry Henley upon Phamcs Market Place, &c. Bill lo the Lords.

KelfhaN Inclosure BiH patted.

Lhfle Sheffield, Sparrow p:t Gate, See, Roads Bill committed.

55 Geo. III.

f Maii.

5*3

EiUnd and Leeds Road Bid reported.

Mr. buncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

LonHAmmd. The House proceeded to take into Consideration fa^Church1^* r^e Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill inti — Bui agreed t*. tuled. An Act for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York,

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

After " for " insert " the;" and in the same Line, after " Interment " insert " of the Dead." After " (Jniverfities" insert "of " Cambridge or After " Ordinary " insert *« or the " Crown."

Leave out " Chronological."

After " containing " insert " the " Day of the Month on which " the several Burials were performed, and also."

Leave out " interred " and insert " buried."

i After " required " insert " forth-[ " with."

After " enter " insert " or cause " to be entered."

After " thereof" insert " and to " receive the Stipend herein after directed to be paid to " the Minister of the said Church or Chapel."

After " being" insert " to be nominated and appointed as is " herein after directed." -After " Persons " insert " to be " approved by the Ordinary." Leave out " reasonableand, in the fame Line, after *« Recompence " insert " as the said " Ordinary shall direct."

After " such insert " Part of the " said ;" and, in the same Line, leave-out " incur and."

After " Expences " insert " incurred on Account and in " Support;" and, in the same Line, after " the " insert " said." After " the " insert " Ecclesiastical Canons."

Leave out from " appoint " to " the " in Line 26, and insert " and."

1. 28. Leave out " and."

Pr. 5. 1. 27.

Pr. 8. 1. 12.

1. 31.

Pr. 9. I.32. 1- 33*

I- 37-

Pr. 10. 1.19, and

20.,

1. 20.

Pr. 13. 1. 10.

! 37-

1. ult.

Pr. 14. 1. 5.

Pr. 16. 1. 20.

OO iZ 0* 1. 2.

Pr. 19. 1. 17.

Pr. 21. 1. 24.

I.29. After "may" insert "be;" and, in the same Line, leave out " depofit" and insert " depoficed.'*

I Leave out " keep the same " and and ( insert " kept."

30. J

Pr. 23. I.23. Leave out "the material Parts" and insert " an Abstract."

1.24. Leave out " fully " and insert " fairly."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. buncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Young took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rt fumed the Chair.

Sir. Willlam Young reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford , and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the P.irish of IViggenball Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That nothing in the Act contained shall extend to charge His Majesty, or any Lessor, with the Fourpenny Tax, contrary t6 their Agreements with their Lessees.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed ClauTe was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for appointing Commissioners to examine and ascertain the Expences incurred for the Purpose of passing the Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question pur thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for paying the Expences of the Petitioners against the Bill.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. , 1

Sir Martin Browne > Folkes: J

Tclkrs for the No«. J }

So it passed in the Negative.

Committee ert Bill fur Prevention of tie-f?6bve

Weights, &c*

£311 Brirk and King's Lynn Dr linage Bill passed.

4 6.

Then

5i6 7° — 8 0 A. 1795.

Then the Amendments following were federally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 4. 1. 6. After " Townships" to insert " and the Mayor of for the

Time being."

Pr. 7. 1. 18. After to insert

" Ham Martin."

1. 28. After " to insert "

« Self"

1. 38. After Watkins," to insert " WiL " Ham Wiles."

Pr. 25. 1. 4. To leave out new" and to leave out or Cut" and insert " Ouze" instead thereof.

Pr. 29. 1. 1. To leave out " of the."

1. 2. To leave out " said River."

Pr. 42. 1. 1. After " Roads" to insert " and

" Bridge."

Pr. 43. 1. ulr. To leave out " Piers."

Pr. 60. 1. 15. To leave out " and" and after " Dams" to insert " and other " Works."

Pr. 76. 1. 2. After " made" to insert " or to be

" made."

1. 5. To leave out from " at" to " and"

in 1. 9.

Pr. 82. 1. 32. To leave out his."

1. 33. To leave out Majesty, or."

Pr. 90. 1. 17. To leave out " Lath."

1. 18. To leave out " or" and after " Paling" to insert " or Bunches " of Lath."

Pr. 97. 1. 8. To leave out fronh done" to the

End of 1. 9:

1. 13. To leave out " by them."

Pr. 106.1. 19. To leave out " to arise."

Pr. 114.1. 17. To leave out " or" and after Ifle" to insert " Place or Liberty." Pr. 115.I. 18. To leave out "or" and after " Ifle" to iiifert " Place or Liberty." Pr. 116.1. 1. To leave out " of" and to fill the

Blank with " Isle, Place, or Liberty, as the same may be." Pr. 117.1, 14. To leave out the First "or" and after " Ifle" to insert " Place of " Liberty."

1. 22. To leave out " or" and after " Ifle" to insert " Place or Liberty." Pr. 119.I. 27. To leave out " Counties or" and insert " County" instead thereof;

Pr. 120.1. 2.

Pr. 121.1. 38. 1. ult.

Pr. 122.1. 18.

and after " Ifle" to insert " Placi " or Liberty."

To leave out " or" and after " Place" to insert "or Liberty." After " the" to insert " Royalties, " Jurisdictions."

To leave out " or" and after " granted" to inlcrt " or relerved."

After " heretofore" to insert gi-

" ven, granted."

1. 24. After " such" to insert " Royalties, " Jurisdictions."

1. 36. After " some" to insert " Royalties, Jurisdictions."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question frverally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle anil South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the lame-to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and

improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a'Place called Eriu , in the'Parish of

Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Torke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved., That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Comnmteeon ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, importition of to confrder of the Importation of Rape Seed, and all aefmed?l,ace' other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above the Price of Twenty Pounds perLaft.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ExpiringLawt the whole House, to whom the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign ' of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of British-mzde Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thiriy-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumptron, wascommit-ted, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cafes, to surg^*"f MaftCrs and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Con- slave ship* veyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, be received deftrred‘ upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the BiHforcont;. whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Act* deferred! Ballastage in the River Thames, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vtnerts, 8° dieMaii; Anno 35* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

MR. Vyner, Jbnior, presented to the House, ac- SpalJmjHiA cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Trustees

. 1 1 wr and Road BjU

for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year prefcmed. of thfc Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain " Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (ineluding the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) V/eston,

" Moulton, Whaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton " Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, o t her wife-

" Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln," to support and repair a certain Bank extending from Spalding High Bridge to , in the said County, and to amend and repair the Road thereupon; and for compounding with the Creditors under an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and keeping in Repair the said Road; and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

j- An

Great Hock-ham Inclosure Bill pa<Tcd.

Bedford Inc!o« luxe Kill passed*

Aberdeen JtonU B.U Br purled.

J>archct and I lie-worth Ci in I Bill

r" ported.

35 Geo. III. 8° Mail.

5*7

An ingrossfed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Hockbam, in the County of Norfolk,was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr, 56. 1. ao. After " Commissioners" to insert " and to the Party or Parties " concerned.*'

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass t And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Hockbam, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Randyll Burch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Cl oses. Commonable Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of ran!. Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third 'lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Closes, Commonable Lands, Padures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Saint Paul, Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Randyll Burch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fergufon reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrosstd.

livered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open HarfcM fri-and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Bul

Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of llasfield, in the County of Gloucester, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows; Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hasfield,in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend-Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, g*n|,b*°ueh An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Inclosure Bill Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the a^.eea to Manpr of Barlbrough,in the County of Derby.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 34- 1. 30. After " Tail" insert " or the Trustees for any Charitable Uses or Purposes."

The said Amendment being mead a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Bill more effefhially to prevent Bill to prerent the dealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Bury- ‘,l".¥'ns°f ing Grounds, or other Places of Interment, be read a deferred., CS' Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Scotch small Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and ®eb'*^'11 expeditious Recovery of small Debts, in that Part of repore Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Loveden reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill fur making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River ‘Thames, called or known by the Name of IPg Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Ifeworth, in the County of Middlesex,was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in was

referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, difiented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect ro the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards dc-Vol. L.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Route revives the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning ^*^j°urn to next. °n ay*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lords Spranger: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Derby, sher-Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, field, Duffirid, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his worth^Road* late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Six- Bin. teenth If ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns oiDufield and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said Town of Duffield to The Moot Hall, in the Town of Wirksworth, in the said County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

6 CL The

Aberdeen Paving, See, Bill.

Wallingford Paving, See,

Bill.

The Lords have passed

Conolly's, See, Partition Bill.

ConoUy's, See Partition Bill read.

Moil list's Nat. Bill committed.

Instruction to Gentlemen appointed to hiing in Friendly So-c.etics Bill.

Members adihd to Committee appointed to en-i^une into Abus-.s re-i pelting Franking in Public Oi&ces.

Committee of Supply.

Accounts rt ter Fed,

Monies issued for Support of the futhmig Clojgy and La.iy, &c. of France.

518 8° Maii. A. 1795.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages of the City of , and the Roads

and Avenues within the Royalty thereof j for the better i'upplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water, and for the removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Royalty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the Borough of,

in the County of Berks, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the Right honourable Thomas Henry Vernon, Esquire, Leveson Vernon, Esquire, and Richard William Howard Vyfe, an Infant, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments (heretofore the Estate of the Right honourable William Earl of Strafford, deceased) in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Suffolk, Kent, Surrey, M and the City of London to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Moilliet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

East, Sir ' Wat kin Lewes, &c.: And they syi to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement and Relief " of Friendly Societies and for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for extending so much of the Powers of the said Act as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to other Initiations of a charitable Nature.

Ordered, That Lord William Mr. Hobart, Mr.

Jodrell, Mr. John Smyth, and Mr. John Thomas Town-ffend, be added to the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the several Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the fending or receiving Letters and Parcels free from the Duty of Postage, by Clerks and others in Public Offices, entitled to fend or receive such Letters and Parcels.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, the Honourable Robert Banks Jenkin-son. Sir William Pepperell, Baronet, and Philip Metcalfe, F.lquire, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from 13th February 1795, for the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Clergy and Laity of , and to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of Marine, or

in the Magistracy of France, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

4

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of !~Iis Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to James Willis, Esquire, to be applied with a View to the forming an Establishment in Africa, for the Purpose of opening a Commercial Intercourse with the Interior Parts of Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House- will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the several Parishes of Epworth, Haxey, Belton, and Owston, in the Isle of Axholme, in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes, which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Secretary Dun das (by His Majesty's Command)

acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives H is Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fic.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Provisions of arr Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies," for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to other Institutions of a charitable Nature: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstracts of the Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Presidency, received Over-land the 5th Instant.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Importation of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be at, or above, the Price of Twenty Pounds per Last, be now read.

4 And

Money ifTueJ to Mr, W.li for form rug an Eitrthliihir.cnt in Africa*

King*« Content 10 hjv woith, B-xey* &c. Inclosuit and Drainage

Bill*

Friendly Societies Bill pic* fen ted.

Accounts of the Bombay Presidency ordered*

Committee on Importation of Rape ScedjSx.

feill to amend Hankers and Pedlar* Act deferred.

Bill for conti-SU'ing Last «ge and Ballaltage Act* reported.

Bill for TnrolU imnt of Detd* and Will* made f>y Pa-pittr, committed.

Enworih, H-»xey, &c. Iwiciolure and Drainage Bill p.iilcd.

35 Geo. III. 8 a Mali.519

And the said Order being read accordingly; fioheri shall not make new Drains without the Opi-

The House resolved itself into the said Com- nion of Two Engineers, mittce. And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the Question put thereuponh, agreed to by the House,

Mr. Charles took the Chairof the Committee. to be rfiade Part of the Bill, by Way. ofjlyder,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Mr. Charles Long reported from the Committee, be, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, drain-That they had come to several Resolutions, which they ing, and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds had directed him to report, when the House will please within the several Parishes of Haxey,

to receive the same. and Qw in the Isle of in the County of

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Lincolnand also for making a Compensation for the Morning next, Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ordered, That Mr. Junior, do carry the Bill

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty- '

ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report of b;:i the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty into further Consideration the Report from the Coiti- ^HroJifirn Chapmen; ' . mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to make "

Resolved, That this House will, upon Lhurfday further Provision respecting Ships, and Effects come S,‘:rs and Ff-Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's 'heBe^e.

Orders in Council of the 16th and gift Days of fa- fit of certain Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the nuary 1795 ar*d to provide for the Dilpofalfof other councV'fur-

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ships and Effects detained in, or brought intb, the ther contider-continuing several Acts passed for the better Regula- Ports of this kingdom, was committed. ed*

tion of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, And the Amendments made by the Committee to the was committed, the Amendments which the Com- said Bill, being severally read aSecond Time, werejupon mittce had made to the Bill, and which they had efi* the Question severally put thereupon, with Ainend-rested him to report to the House; and he read the ments to several of them, agreed to by the House;

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUT, and several Amendments were made, by the House, to with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Bill.

the Amendments were Once read throughout; arid then OrdereThat the Bill, -with the Amendments,' be aSecond Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- ingrossed.

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time House. upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be then ingrossed. ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- importation of A Bill for allowing further Time For Inrollment of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Go<?ds floi> Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of House, to consider of allowing, fora Time to be li- sMps'not of Protestant Purchasers, was read a Second Time. mited, the Importation of Goods from Smith built,

Refched, That the Bill be committed. and other Parts, within the Limits of the be coniiuer-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Coni- Company, in Ships not of built; nor registered

mittee of the whole House. as such; and of the Exportation of Goods from Great

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘Tuesday Morn- Britain by the same Ships, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Account* of

House, by His Majesty'j, Command, oAh^'pHm:"*

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, A PaPcr» intituled,« His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales p£- ' draining, and improving, the Commons and Waste " of Wa-Abstract of EstablishmentAnd also, rented. Grounds within the several Parishes of Epworth, Haxey, A Paper, intituled, " N° 1. — Old Establishment Belton, and Ovcfion,in the I lie of Axholme, in the — And also.

County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compen- A Paper, iptituled, *Na2. — Stables — Old Efta-fation for the Tythes arising from the said. Commons., " blishment :' And also,

and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes, A Paper, intituled, " N° 3. — Additional Establish-was read the Third Time. snent. _:

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that the Commis- The said Papers are as followeth;

His

5*0

.1795-

8° Mail

His Royal Highness the Prince of Walts.

ABSTRACT of ESTABLISHMENT.

£ s.

Old Establishment, exclusive of Officers and Servants in the Stables — *7,734 5 —

Additional Establishment, - - - D* — — — 9,693 *5 —

27,428 ——

Old Establishment of Stables — — 4,872 3 6

Additional - - D* — — — - 2,313 17 —

— ----- ----- ----- --- 7,186 — 6

£.34,614 — 6

The OLD ESTABLISHMENT of His Royal Highness the Prince of , 5th January 1793.

v Groom of the Stole — — —

4 Gentlemen of the Bed Chamber — —

T reafurer ——

Matter of the Robes — — —

Comptroller of the Household — —

9 Grooms of the Bed Chamber — —

Private Secretary — — _

2 Pages of Honour — —

3 Gentlemen of the Privy Chamber —

2 - D# - Ulher Daily Waiters, and One vacant

Sub-Treasurer and Accountant — —

Secretary ——

Messenger — — —

Allowance towards Payment of Office Rent, &c.

D° - - for Clerk — — —

Clerk of the Closet — — —

2 Physicians — — —

1 - D* - to the Household — —

Surgeon ——

D° — to the Household — —

2 Librarians — — —

Dentift ——

2 Hair Dressers — — —

5 Pages of the Back Stairs — —

4 D* of the Presence —

Pages Man ——

a Gentlemen Porters , — —

9 Maid Servants, at £. 27. 6 s. — —

Laundress — — —

Maitre d'Hotell — — —

3 Cooks ——

Table Decker — — —

Pastry Cook — — —

Confectioner — — —

Clerk of the Kitchen — — —

Attendant on D* — — — *

Scullery Man — — —

Cellarman — — —

Silver Scullery Man — — —

D° - - - Woman — —

2 Coal Porters — — —

2 Kitchen Boys — — —

Housekeeper at Kev> — — *

3 Female Servants at^ Brighton — — .

1 Porter — — —

1 Baker ——

A Housekeeper at Kempjhott — —

2 Female Servants — — —

A Gardener — — —

A Man and Boy — —

Servants at Rookcly ——

2 Watchmen ——

1,200 — —

2,000 ——

500 — —

500 ——

500 ——

3,600 ——

400 ——

400 ——

600 ——

450 ——

500 — —

300 ——

80 ——

140 — — 100 — — . 200 — —

400 ——

150 ——

I5o ——

100 ——

35°----

105 -

300 ——

1,384 ——

520 ——

60 ——

190 — — 247 6 —

170 — — 200 — —

420 — —

110 — — i5o — —

80 ——

100 — —

40 ——

40 ——

,50 ——

40 ——

40 ——

80 — — 30 — -

25 4 —

8226

27 7 6

40 ——

52 6 —

53 4 —

S3 11 —

28 12 —

131 6 —

64 6 — .

£. 17,734 5 —

Old

35 Geo. III.

Mali.

5*

Old Establishment.

STABLE DEPARTMENT.

First Equerry and Commissioner . — — — . 500 — 1

5 Equerries - 1,500 — —

Clerk of the Stables — — — — 121 — —

1 Coachmen - — 132 6 — *

2 Postillions — 6 -

2 Hunting Grooms - 142 16 — -

1 Stud Groom < - 60 — — .

16 Grooms and Helpers - — — 669 18 —

11 Footmen — - — _ — — — 819 4.6

a Chaflcurs - — 148 _

Courier - - ,120 ——

Hufiar - - — — 120 — —

2 Chairmen - 109 4 —

3 Porters at the Gates - 120 — —

Huntfinan - — 136 2 —

3 Feeders, &c. - 134 8 —

£ 4,872 6

ADDITIONAL ESTABLISHMENT.

Chamberlain to the Prince and Princess Vice D° — — —

1 Gentleman of the Bed Chamber v Secretary to the Chamberlain —

Master of the Household —

Mistress of the-Robetf

3 Ladies of the Bed Chamber —

4 Maids of Honour — —

Mistress of the Privy Purse —

4 Bed Chamber Women ——

4 Pages of plonour — —

3 Pages of the Back Stairs — 2D0-- - Presence ' —

A Housekeeper — —

6 Female Servants — —

£. 1,200 — --

500 — —

500 ——

100 — — 500 — — ' 500 — —

1,500 ——

1,200 — -

3OO ——

1,200 -

4OO ---- —

663 ——

- 24O ——

IOO -

164 5 —

A Waiting Woman — —

AfTistant Cellarman — —

D° - - Paltry Cook —

Apprentice — —

Passage Sweeper — —

Steward's Room Boy —

Clerk to the Master of the Household Servant to attend on the Princess's Maids

Stables.

Earl of Jersey —

3 Footmen more added to the Prince

2 Chairmen for the Princess

3 Footmen Lord Jersey —

2 Coachmen D* —

2 Postillions D° — —

3 Grooms - D* — —

80 —

3° ——

40 ——

15 ——

25 ——

40 ——

50 ——

50 ——

£.9,067 5 —

330 ——

— 1,200 — —

— 231 I 6

— IO9 4 —

— 231 I 6

— 120 — —

— 47 6 —

— 142 4 —

Vol. L.

6 R , Carried forward 9,397 5 —

Way* and Means deferred.

Bill for Prevention of defective Weights, Sec deferred.

Accounts of the Bombay Presidency prclented.

8° M

A. 1795*

s Coachman t Footman

Brought forward — 9,397 5 — .

To the Ladies of the Bed Chamber*

S3 12 —

"62 iS -i-

Tthe Maids of Honour.

t Coachman — — —

1 Footman — —

& Plate Cleaners Scullery Women A Woman Cook — Errand Man —

Female Servants - -

S3 *2 62 18 —

----- ---- a»3i3 17 —

90 — 54 12 40 — 30 — 81 18

29 6 10 — . £. 12,007 12 —

1 Ordered,"That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furthet of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read*

And the said Order being read accordingly j Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of the Uft-of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed, that Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door j he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Revenues of the Ea.Jl India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements fuberdinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, and Subsidies from the Rajah of &c. for Three

Years, according to the latest: Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: Also, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto j distinguishing the same under the rel'pedtive Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same — to be substituted for N°‘ 7 and 8, presented the 17th ultimo:And also,

A Paper, intituled, *« A Comparison of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the " East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, " and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues and Customs, &c. for the Year 1793-4, and of the Charges defrayed for the " same Year, by the said Company, in the said Pre-

fidcncy and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Ma* " rine. Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and " collecting the Revenues and Customi" — -to be substituted for N° 9 presented the 17th^ultimo: And also,

A Paper, intituled, e* Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay " Government, from the ift May 1794 to the 30th «« April 1795" — to be substituted for N° 13, presented the 17th ultimo: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from ift May 1793 to 30th April 1794" — to be substituted for N* ao, presented the 17th ultimo.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficienc for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Confulcration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable, was committed;

And Notice being taken. That Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being prefenr, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Quell ion fit ft put, till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock*

hunt,

Proceedings* Poor Removal

Bill.

35 Geo. III.

Christ'sHofpi-feal Bill passed*

fealand and Leeds Road Bill passed.

Rochdale, Halifax, and Ealand Road JBiii passed.

iwillingto* inclosurc Bi! ftlfed.

Luna,ii°;

Anno 350 Georgii III*11 Regis,

ii ° Maiu 525

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Township, and Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of Tcrk.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

1795* the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apofle, and other the Governors of Christ to purchase Houses and Ground for enlarging Christ's Hospitals in London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional Buildings thereto j and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of , Governors of the

Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the A and other the Governors of Christ's Hospital, to purchase Houses and Ground for enlarging Christ's Hospitals in London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional Buildings thereto j and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Dunccn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty King the Se-

cond, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and EaU.nd, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Thattiie Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to explaih, amend, and render 1‘chin NavU more effectual, the several Acts, of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton, and for improving the Navigation- thereof, and for afcrrtainiftg the Rates of Riverage, Tonnage, and Wharfage payable thereon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts, of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton, and for improving the Navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the Rates of Carriage, Riverage, and Wharfage, payable thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Amyatt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Swillington, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of the Treaty for the Marriage to be con-trafted between His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and Her Highness the Princess Caroline of Brunswick, signed at Brunswick, the 4th of December 1794: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales — Expences incurred in Preparation for His Royal Highness's Marriage, 8 th May 1795 j" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Establishment of the late Prince and Princess of Wales in the Year 1749, ex-<c elusive of Officers and Servants belonging to their ct Royal Highnesses Prince George and Princess Augusta."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are as followeth}

COPY of the Treaty for the Marriage to be contracted between His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and Her Highness the Frin-cess Caroline of Brunswick, signed at Brunswick the 4th of December 1794.

Be it known unto all Men by these Presents, That Whereas, His Most Sacred Majesty George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswick and LUnenburgh, Arch Treasurer and Prince Elector of the Holy Roman Ethpire, &c. hath constituted and empowered His Right trusty and well-beloved Councillor James Lord Baron of

Maimefbury, in the County of Wilts, and Knight Companion of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, as well in His own Name as in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty's dearly beloved Son George AuguflusFrederick, Prince of Wales, Duke of

Cornwall, Earl of Chester, &c. with the most Illustrious and most High Princes Charles William Ferdinand, Duke of Brunswick and as also with the Princefsi Carolina Amelia Elizabeth, Daughter of the said Duke, or with any other Person or Persons sufficiently authorized in that Behalf, of and concerning a Marriage to be contrafted between His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and Her Highness the Princess Carolina Amelia Elizabeth aforesaid, to $ treat

Treaty for the Prince of Wales's Marriage — Account of Expences — anti Establishment of the late Prince and Princess of Wales 5 presented.

5*4 "0

treat and agree, and finally to conclude and sign a Treaty for the Marriage aforesaid: And whereas, the most Uluftrious and most High Prince Charles William Ferdinand Duke of and

hath named, condiuued, and empowered, his Right trufiy and well-beloved Minider of State John de Ference de Roter.crcutz, Knight Companion of the most Honourable Order of with the aforesaid Plenipotentiary of His Majesty, James Lord Malmesbury, to treat and agree, and together with him finally to conclude and sign such Treaty as is aforesaid: Now know ye, That the said James Lord Malmcsbury, and the said John Baptist de Feronce de tencreutz, by virtue of their respective full Powers, which they have mutually communicated and interchanged, and, after having conferred together, have concluded and agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

It is concluded and agreed, that the Marriage between His Royal Highness George Frederick,

Prince of Wales, and Her Highness Carolina Amelia Elizabeth, Princess of Brunswick and Lunenburgh, shall be solemnized in Person, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, according to the due Tenor of the Laws of England, and the Rites and Ceremonies of the English Church, as soon as the same may conveniently be done, after the Arrival of the said Princess in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Article II.

His Serene Highness the Duke of and

Lunenburgh shall convey, or cause to be conveyed, the Princess, his Daughter, without Delay, to the Port oi Ildvoetfmys,or any other Port His Majesty shall fix

upon, where the shall be received on Board of His Majesty's Ships, and C-.U1 be conveyed into Great Bri-

Maii. . 1795*

tain,in such Manner as shall be suitable to the Rank

and Dignity of the aforesaid Princess.

Article III.

If it shall unfortunately happen (which God forbid) that by the Death of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the said Marriage between His Royal Highness and the aforesaid Princess Carolina Amelia Elizabeth shall be dissolved, His Majesty, the King o Britain, promises to secure to Her said Highness the Annual Sum or Payment of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling Money of Great Britain, in lieu of Dower, the said Sum being, in such Case, to be paid Quarterly to Her said Highness, or to Her Assigns.

Article IV.

This Treaty shall be approved and ratified by His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and by his Serene

Highness the Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburgh, and the Ratifications thereof shall be mutually delivered

and exchanged within the Space of One Month from the Day of the signing of thele Presents, o: sooner if

possible.

In Testimony whereof the aforesaid Plenipotentiaries have hereunto let their Hands and Seals.

Done at Brunswick the Fourth Day of December, and in the Year of our Lord One thou-faod Seven hundred and Ninety-four.

(Signed,)

0 MalmeJburj.

(0 J. B. de Ference de.

His Royal Highness the JPrince of Wales.

EXPEN CES incurred in Preparation for His Royal Highness's Marriage.

For Jewels and Plate - — 59,801 5 —

Carriages and Hcrfes — — — — 6,327 5 5

Linen for the House — — — — 2,500 — —

£. 68,628 to 5

Sth May 1795.

ESTABLISHMENT

35 Geo. III.

11° Mail

525

ESTABLISH MENT of their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales % in the Year 1749.

Groom of the Stole — — —

6 Gentlemen of the Bed Chamber — - -

Matter of the Robes — —

9 Grooms of the Bed Chamber — —

Clerk of the Closet — — —

a Physicians — — —

Gentleman Ulher of the Privy Chamber — a Gentlemen Ushers, Daily Waiters —

5 Gentlemen Ushers, Quarterly Waiters —

3 Pages of the Presence — —

4 Pages of the Bed Chamber — —

Pages Servant ——

Keeper of Body Linen — — —

Yeoman of the Robes — —

Brusher of the Robes ——

Barber ——

a Surgeons ——

Musical Instrument Keeper — " —

Chapel Keeper ——

Necessary Woman — — —

Barge Matter — — —

15 Watermen — — > —

Matter of the Horse — — —

5 Equerries — — —

Riding Equerry — — —

Clerk of the Stables — — —

a Pages of Honour — — —

6 Coachmen — — —

7 Postillions — — —

6 Helpers ——

Chaifeman — — —

a Helpers to Chaifeman — — —

8 Grooms — — —

14 Footmen ——

5 Chairmen — — —

Treasurer and Receiver General — —

Comptroller of the Household — —

Matter of the Household — —

a Clerks of the Household — —

Clerk of the Kitchen — — —

Yeoman of the Ewry — —

AfTistant D*

Yeoman of the Cellar — —

Groom of the Cellar — — —

Assistant D* — — —

Matter Cook ——

2 Yeoman Cooks — — —

a Groom Cooks ——

3 Roafters ——

5 Boys in the Kitchen — — —

Scowerer ——

Soil Carrier — — —

3 Turnbroaches — — —

Yeoman of the Scullery — — —

Groom - - D° — —

Assistant - - D° ——

Table Laundress — — —

Table Coverer to the Gentlemen of Bed Chamber D* - - - to Bed Chamber Women —

2 Messengers attending the Treasurer —

Superintendant of Dwelling Houses —

Wardrobe Keeper — — —

Housekeeper of Leicester House —

Porter there — — —

3 Watchmen ——

Watchman at Gate, and Sweeper ? —

Yw» L.

— — 1,200 — -

— — 3,600 — -

— — 86l II

— — 3,600

— — 200 —

— — 3OO —

— r*o — -

— — 300 — -

— 500 — -

— — aoo — - -

— — 720 — .

— — 20 —

— — 50 — -

— — 5o — .

— . — 20 —

— — 100 — .

— — aoo —

— — 60 —

— — 10 —

— — 80 — .

— — 30 — *

— — 47 5

— 1,044 8

— — ' 1,500 —

— — 150 —

— 130 —

— — 300 —

— 270 —

— — 143 10

— " 123 —

— — 53 10

— — 48 10

— — 428 —

— — 574 14

— — 199 7

— . — 100 —

— 600 —

— — 800 —

— — 1,000 —

— — - 200 —

— — 150 —

— — 30 —

— 200 —

— — 40 —

— — 30 —

— — 80 —

— — 100 —

— ' — 80 —

— — 9° —

— — 50 —

— — 30 —

— ... 20 —

— — 60 —

— — 5° —

— 40 —

— — 20 —

— — 100 —

— — 40 —

— — 18 5

— — 143 16

— — 300 —

— — 50 —

— — 200 —

— — 50 —

— 75 —

mmm 6 S 30 —

Uoder

5*6

11° M

Under Housekeeper of Garden House, St. James's Park D° ----- at Cliffden — —

a Watchmen there — — —

Under Housekeeper at Kew — — Annual Bounties — — —

Vice Chambe[lain — — < —

6 Ladies of the Bed Chamber — —

- — Mistress of the Robes — — — .

6 Maids of Honour — — —

5 Bed Chamber Women — —

a Secretaries ——

Auditor - .

a Pages of Honour — — —

Gentleman Usher of Privy Chamber —

A Gentlemen Ufliers, Daily Waiters — —

£ Gentlemen Ufliers, Quarterly Waiters —

1 Pages of the Presence — — —

4 Pages of the Back Stairs — —

Servant to D" — — —

Laundress — — — ' —

Keeper of the Robes and Head Drefier — Necessary Woman — — —

A. 1795.

i+o ——

ioo — —

5° ——

IOO -

449 1S —

500 — —

2,400 — —

500 ——

1,200 -

1,000 — —

800 ——

400 — —

200 — —

150 ——

300 ——

500 ——

160 — —

560 ——

40 ——

127 — —

127 ——

80 ——

£. 31,924 12 4

Accounts of EstablishmenU of the Prince of Wales referred.

Committee on King's Mef. (age deferred.

Call adjourned.

Committee on Report of Mr. Hopkins's Trustees Peti-tisn deferred.

Report Supply dcfci red.

Supply de-feircd.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Rejol, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee, to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 27th Day of April last. The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Reportooim-

Ordered, That the several Papers which were pre- Report from the Committee of the whole House, to ro«»tion of fented to the House, upon Friday last, by Mr. Chan- whom it was referred to consider of the Importation &cfdefcnred. cellorof the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, of Rape Seed, a.nd all other Seeds used for extracting be referred to the said Committee. Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape

Seed shall be at or above the Price of Twenty Pounds The Order of the Day being read, for the House to per Last; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ordered, That the said Report be received upon to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Friday Morning next. Message of the 27th Day of April last j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fburjday The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Bill to nuke Morning next, resolve itself into the said Commit- Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to make further furtherPron-tee. Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this shipTan^E

Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders sea«comet© The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, in Council of the 16th and 21st Days of January 1795, being read; and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Ef- Order* in

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned feds detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Council de-till this Day Sevennight. Kingdom m

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third T.inrie The Order of the Day being read, for the House to upon Morning next,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Report, which was made from the Com- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on mittee, to whom the Petition of George Chamberlaine, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Esquire, George Bond, Esquire, One of His Majesty's to consider of allowing, for a Time to be limited, the India, &c. in Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes, Baronet, of Importation of Goods from India, China, and other the Kingdom of Ireland, Devisees in Trust, named in Parts, within the Limits of the East India Company, deferred, and appointed by, the last Will and Testament of Benin Ships not of British-bu\\t, nor registered as such; jar,tin Bend Hopkins, late of Painjhill, in the County of and of the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain Surrey, Esquire, deceased, was referred; by the same Ships;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Waysmd whom it was referred to consider further of the Sup- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,-to Meamdefer-ply granted to His Majestyj consider further of Ways and Means for raising the red‘

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Supply granted to His Majesty;

Thursday Morning next. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

— . ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Bill for Pre. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- Report from the Committee of the whole House, to jesty 1 whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of the weighs, &c.

r Ufc

35 Geo. III.

11° — 140 Mail

527

Committees to fit.

Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Morning

next. Ten of the Clock*

Jovis, 140 Mail \

Anno 35* Georgii III'" Regis, 179$.

Prayers.

Basingstone and Winchef-ter Roads Bill reported} and te-committed.

SI R

mit

William Healbcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Cecrge the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Basingstone, near the Town of shot, in the Parish of Windlefh in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farubam in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Rcrpley, Bishop' Sutton, New

and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester,in the County of Southampton, was committed} and to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the-Town of in the County of Surrey, and of the Occupiers of Lands and Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, and of several Merchants, Farmers, and others, attending the Markets at Farnbam,was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to rcporc to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed. That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; .

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Join Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- wv.rEoy* mon Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Bifl

Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and committed. Parish of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon-, and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ramjey, Bury, Warboys,

" Somersham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the " said County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes. of " Chatteris and Doddington, within the Isle of Fly, in the County of Cambridge," as relates to the letting certain Lands therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Pitt, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blackburnereported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by " William Hulme, Esquire, to grant Building Leases " thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners to Brazen Nose College, in Oxford, founded by the " said Testator, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," and to enable the Trustees to convey in Fee, or grant Leases for Lives, or for long Terms of Years, with or without Covenants for Renewal, or for perpetual Renewal, under reserved Yearly Rents, the said Trust Estates, and to enable the Trustees to apply the Trust Monies in making such Allowance to the Exhibitioners as may be thought proper, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed 3 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment}'and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Hulme'* Leases, See. Bill reported* and pafkd.

Tovey's Estate Bill reported, % nd passed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for investing certain Estates of William Tovey the Elder, and William Tovey the Younger, situate in the County of Warwick, in Dennis Dolan and Henry dock, and their Heirs, in Trust, to fell, for the Purposes therein mentioned, such Estates having been heretofore conveyed to the said Dennis Dolan and John Finch, and their Heirs, as Trustees, for the like Purposes, and the said John Finch having become Bankrupt, and absconded from this Kingdom before Sale thereof, was committed.; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground called Edgv)orlb Moor, in the Township of Edgworlh, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

Edgworth Inclosure Bill reported.

Chaplin'* Agreement Bill reported#

14° M

A. 1795.

Mr. Dun combe reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Agreement entered into be-tweeen Charles Chaplin, Esquire, and the Matter of the Hospital of Saint Michael the Archangel, at Welly in the County of York, and the Vicar of the Parish of Well aforesaid, for making certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish, and in the Hamlet of Snape,within the same, subject to certain Trulls,

Rights, or Interests, in Favour of the said Hospital, and to an Annual Portion or Payment to the Vicar of Well, in Lieu of other Lands and Tythes at Well and Snape aforesaid, and Masham, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confenc to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read, and are as followed!; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 16. After " the" insert " said."

Pr. 6. 1. 8. In the First Column, leave out Thomas" and insert " John," and in the last Column, leave out " a s. " and insert " 3 s"

1. 29. In the First Column, leave out " Cour" and insert " Pr. 7. 1. 11. In the Second Column, leave out * Hawkesworth" and insert " Hawkejwiirs"

1. 21. In the Second Column, leave out " Oujby" and insert " "

1. 31. In the Second Column, leave out " Hezb " and insert

" J/abe Hawkfwills,."

1. 35. In the Second Column, leave out " Lott Ground" and insert " Oxgangs, Ings."

Pr. 8. 1. 21. In the Second Column, leave out *c Giljl" and insert " Glif-

« ters."

1. 22. In the Second Column, leave out " Giljle" and insert " Glif-

" ters."

1. 23. In the Second Column, leave out " Giljlers" and insert "

"ters"

1. 24. In the Second Column, leave out " Giljlers" and insert " GliJ-"ters"

Pr. 9. Between Line 10. and 1. 15. in

the Second Column, without the Bracket, insert " in Masham " Low Field."

Between Line 20. and 1. 26. in the Second Column, without the Bracket, insert " Part of Well f North Field."

Pr. 11. 1. 4. In the First Column, leave out " Hawewell, and insert " well."

1. 10. In the Second Column, leave out " South" and insert " Little."

In the Second Column, Line 13.

" leave out " Street" and insert Field."

1. 24. In the Second Column, leave out " KerysKeU" and insert "Kings " Kill."

In the Second Column, Lines 29. and 30 leave out " a," and after

" House" leave out "and Home-stead."

In the Second Column, leave out " House" and insert " Build- >ng."

In the Second Column, leave out " Cottage"and insert "House." In the First Column, after "

" ways" insert " and William " Handby."

In the Second Column, fill the Blank with " Homestead."

In the Three last Columns leave out " Carried forward " 212. 13. 7."

Leave out " Brought forward " 212. 13. 7."

After " Masham" insert " and." Leave out from "Moor" to the Second " in" in 1. 6.

Before Figures "631. 3. 5." in the last Column, insert " Total " Second Schedule."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

1. 3-'

1. 34-

Pr. 12. 1. 1.

1. 3-

1. 12.

Pr. 13. 1. 1.

1. 4*

1. 5*

1. 8.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Petition from Grand Junction Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the nal Company Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to enable the Petitioners to make a Canal from canal Bill, the Oxford Canal at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at or near Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and the Petitioners have already nearly completed such Part of the said Canal as lies between the said Town of Brentford and Uxbridge, in the said County of Middlesex, and made considerable Progress upon other Parts of the Works in the Counties of Hertford and Northampton; and that a Bill is depending in the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at, or near, a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rail's Head, in the Parish of Isleworth, in the County of which Canal will, for several Miles, run parallel with the Canal of the Petitioners, and in some Places, within the Distance of Three Miles, or less, and consequently must occasion a considerable Diminution in Profits, which the Petitioners would otherwise receive from the Rates payable for the Carriage of Goods,

Wares, Merchandize, and other Things, on such Part of the said Canal as lies near the Line of the Canal intended to be made from Hog Hole as aforesaid; and Representing to the House, that the Corporation of thfc City of London are by the said Act entitled to a Rate of One Half-penny per Ton for certain Goods and other Things patting upon The Grand JunSlion Canal into and from the River Thames, and also to a Rate of One Half-penny a Ton payable to the said Corporation, by an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for all Goods and other Things carried and conveyed on a certain Part of the River Thames, both which Rates are to be applied towards improving the Navigation of the River Thames; and that the said Act of the Thirty-third of the King contains a Clause, that from and after the patting of the said Act, until Midsummer 1800, certain Annual Payments are to be made by the Petitioners to the said Corporation of London, and a further Provision in case the said Rates shall not, after Midsummer i8co, produce together the Sum of £. 1,000 in every Year, the Petitioners shall make up the Deficiency, and consequently, any Diminution

Wr^tham

H uth and JMaiditoue Hoad Bill passed.

CoroVy'Sf &c# l arliii jh Bill

comiutllcJ.

A Mworth's Cnut »iy Edale Bill commit* led.

35 Geo. III. 140 Maiu 529

nation that may happen in the Produce of those Rates will occasion an additional Lol's to the Petitioners, over and above the Loss they may sustain in the Diminution of their own Rates; and that the Petitioners had hoped that a Bill, so injurious to their interests, would not have been supported, and persisted in, without having been altered in the Committee so as to afford that Relief to the Petitioners which they expected, but have not found that Satisfaction: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Confederation, and that they may be permitted to be heard, by their Counsel, again!! the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a L.aw, or that they may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Confederation: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by rheir Counsel, again!! the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Count'd be admitted to be heard, at the Line Time, in Favour of the said Bill, again!! the said Petition.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from The Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of JVrotbam, in the County of Kent, and from thence to Foot's , and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of A in the said

County, and for making a Road from the said Road between IVrotham and Maidfioneinto the present Turnpike Road leasing from Mere to in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tit e be, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an A*ft, palfed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from The Royal Oak, on Heath, to the

Town of Wrctham,in the County of Kent, and from

thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of Maid.fione, in the said County, and for making a Road from the said Road between and Maidfioneinto the present Turnpike Road leading from AJereworlbto Iladlott ;,in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commit fee on to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, , HopWos'*Mr* toconsiderof the Report, which was made from the Trustee*Peti* Committee, to whom the Petition of George - tlon* i

laine, Esquire, George Bond, Esquire, One of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes, Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Devisees in Trust, named in, and appointed by, the last Will and Testament of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, late of Painjhill, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, deceased, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said rePor,eJ* Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds, situate at or near 4

Painjhill, in the several Parishes of Cobh am, and Wifiey, in the County of Surrey, to George Chamberlaine, Esquire, George Bond, Esquire* One of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Hayes, Ba-

ronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, mpon the Trusts declared by the Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, deceased, of and concerning his Estate at Painjhill aforesaid.

And Mr. Flobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to- Bill ordered, enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds, situate at or near Painjhill, in the several Parishes of Cobbam, Walton, and in the County of Surrey, to George Chamberlaine, Esquire,

George Bond, Esquire, One of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes, Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trusts declared by the Will of.

Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, deceased, of and concerning his Estate at Painjhill aforesaid: And thac Mr. Hobart and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division b: tween the Right honourable HenryVerr.cn, Esquire, Lcvef Vernon, Esquire, and Richard II i I Ham Howard Vyje, an Infant, of divers

Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments (heretofore the Fftare of the Right honourable William Earl of Strafford, deceased) in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Suffolk, Kent, Surrey, and the

City of London, was read a Second Time.

Rfclrcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ho-l<vt, Mr. John Pitt, &c,: A.nd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an F stare in the Parish of Rentwct in the County of Southampton, which has been purchased with a Legacy given oy the Will of Richard /t'Idworth, Esquire, deceased, for certain charitable Rut poles, and for applying the Money to arise by Inch Saie for the like Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ho-rt, Mr. John Pitt, Etc,: And they are to meet this , Voi. L

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Eafi Stoke and Elfion, in the County of Nottingham, and for ascertaining the Boundaries between the said Parishes, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax at 8 3 d. {- per Annum, who refused to sign, but do not of-pole, the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are assessed at the Annual Sum of 4-S. 3J.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

6 T then

East St?ke and Eliton IncloiVe Bill reported.

ftifliopof Lon-«lor'» Lcalc Bill icpoitcJ.

Eckington Inclosure Bill reported.

53°

14

Mali.

J. 179;,

followeth; viz

Pr. 29. 1. 24.

Pr. 55. 1. *3-

Pr. 58. 1. 20.

Pr. 59. 1. 34-

Pr. 61. 1. 37-

1. 38.

Pr. 62. 1. 6.

then a Second Time, One by One; hnd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossl-d.

Mr. White Thomas reported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrofi'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An At5l fur enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of for the Purpose of Building upon, was committed i That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true { and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tire Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were read; and are as

those."

,eave out " Common " and insert " Episcopal."

,eave out " a Covenant." ifter "Year" insert "the Fifteen Pounds a Year herein-u after mentioned."

..cave out " that is to say " and insert " and.".

1. 38. After " shall " insert "also."

1. 6. Leave out " all or."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Lord John Cavendish reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates, assessed to the Land Tax at 15 5

who refused their Consent to the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates, assessed at 17. 1 3 d. who did not chul'e to sign the Bill, but made no

Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates, assessed at 20. 6 s. 8 who could not be met with; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates, assess'ed at £. t8. vjs. 4 who refuting at a great Dillance, were not applied to 5 and also, except the Proprietors of Estates, assessed at £.6.6 s. 3 d.who were written to, but returned no Answer; and that the whole Amount of the Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 382. n. 8 d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plac^j; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the (Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Montgomery reported from the Committee, to Thrcipland'* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Exch*"ge B'i> An Act to enable Patrick Murray Threipland, and the *°

Heirs of Entail in the Lands and Estate of Barnhill, to exchange the said Lands and Estate of,

lying in the County of Perth, for certain Parts of the Lands and Estate of Finga/k, lying within the said County of Perth, belonging to Stuart of

Fiugajk, Physician in Edinburgh, in Life-rent, and the said Patrick Murray Threipland in Fee, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Montgomery do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, Report on upon the ift Day of this Instant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and ex- cami re-com-tending a Navigable Cut from the Town of Watford, ,?ltieJ ^'l1 in the County of Hertford, to the Town of Alban, *r,con in the same County, was re-committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed. That printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Thursday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7 th Day of May 1794.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tHc Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. *

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to Millbrooke whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosu" Bill

1 ' p. , p, & ~ r reported, and

and Common rields, Common Meadows, Common- re-committtd. able Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Millbrooke, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through

O «_>

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at "the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bdl.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to ReJRone . Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the

Thirteenth

35 Geo. III. 140 Mail. 531

Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge acrois the " River Srcern near Rin the County of Wor-

" and for making proper Avenues and Roads

to and from the same, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River " at Redstone aforesaid and for enabling the Trustees for executing the said Act to re-build the said Bridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Chjttifley An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Irulofuie Bill Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Chapelry of ,otherwise

in the County of Worcejle was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

JPr. 33. 1. 33. After " Lives" to insert " or for " any Term of Years absolutely,

" other than Tenants at Rack " Rene, or determinable on a " Life or Lives."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Chapelry of C, otherwise , in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

st. An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-1 ? rc Bill clofinS> the Open and Common Fields, Common pjiicd." Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Stratton Saint Margarett, in the County of was itad

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Stratton Saint Margarett, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

BHI to make furfhrr Provide n respectr.'jr S!>iys anti ii.1-fx ct?> corrc to 10 take the B* nerit of certain Oitiers in C oncil, paficJ.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the 16th and 21st Days of January 1795; and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and EffcCls detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the 16ch and 21st Days of January 1795; and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Elicits detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ReponSupply. Mr. Hcbart,according to Order, reported from the Committee of the \lhole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read

in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow-eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Performing an That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand and Sixty- Estabiishment nine Pounds and Two Shillings, be granted to His mAlrica* Majesty, to make good the like Sum, ififued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to James Willis, Esquire, to be applied with a View to the forming an Estabiishment in Africa, for the Purpose of opening a Commercial Intercourse with the Interior Parts of that Continent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For the fuffvr-That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand ir>g Clergy ami Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty to ot

make good the like Sum, issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, the Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, Sir William Pepperell, Baronet, and Philip , Ef-

quire, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from the 13th Day of February 1795, for the Support, Cloathing, Maintenance, &c. of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, and to sundry Persons, formerly Officers of Marine, or in ti e Magistracy of France, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing several Acts passed Bill for »onti-for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River ‘Thames, was read the Third Time. Act* passed!6*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River ‘Thames.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Farmers, Tradesmen, and Yeo- Petition from manry, residing within the Hundred of in

the County of Suffolk: And also, boum ;"com-

A Petition of the Farmers, Tradesmen, and Yeomanry, residing within the Hundred of Blackbourn, in ^",'<^1*. *r the County of Suffolk:

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners for some Time past, for the greater Ease and Convenience of themselves and Families, and for the Conveyance of their Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to Market, for Sale, and to Places where fold, have kept and used Two Wheeled Road Carts, commonly called Market Carts, made of Common Materials, and have occasionally also used them for Pleasure, whereby they have been, and are now, liable to be assessed for the same at the Rate of £.3. 10 per Annum, with the additional Ten^w Cents thereon, being a Duty charged on all Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, to be drawn by One or more Horses, which should be used at any Time for the Carriage or Conveyance of Perfojis, and not generally used in the Affairs of Husbandry, or for the Carriage of Goods, Wares,'and Merchandize, &c. by the Eighteenth Section of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; which Tax, the Petitioners submit to the House, is a great Grievance, and falls very heavy on them, their Carts being generally for the Purpose of conveying themselves and Families, their Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, to Marker, and Places where fold, and used occasionally only for Pleasure, and are of small Value, being made up at a very moderate Expence, but, by the present Mode of affdfing them, they are 9 chargeable

Poor Removal Bill defence!.

Committee on 1 m portal ion of Goods from India, See. in Ships not of Brulh-built,

reported.

Bill Oidind.

King's Content to Eck.-ington Inclosure Bill*

5 xi 14 Mail. 1795.

chargeable with as great a Duty as the most elegant ami costly Two Wheeled Calash, Chaise, Whiflcy, Gig, or Chair, kept and used by Persons of great Property and Fortune, solely for the Purpose of Pleasure, and by others to let out for Hire; and that the Petitioners being, ewer ready and willing cheerfully to contribute, according to their several Situations in Life, to the Exigencies of the State, with all due Submission to the Hotife, beg Leave to mention, that, if a moderate Duty was laid on Carts of the above Description, of inferior Value and Convenience, and more proportioned to the Circumstances of their Owners, they conceive it would raise a larger Sum to the Revenue of this Kingdom than what will now be raised under the present very heavy Tax thereon, which mud nearly, if not entirely, abolish the Use of such Carriages: And therefore praying, That the House will take their Petition into Consideration, and that the Petitioners, and others in their Situation, may be relieved from their present Grievance, in such Way and Manner as the House* shall think fir.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the' Hotife to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Goods from India, China, and other Parts within the Limits of the East India Company, in Ships

not of British-built, nor registered as such j and of the

Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ilobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing, for a Time robe limited, the Importation of Goods from India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of built, nor re-

giftered as such; and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Goods From India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of Bbuilt, nor registered as such; and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions: And that Mr Hobartand Mr. Secretary do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill fur dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within t ie Manor and Parish of Eckingtou,in the County of , which Bill was.

this Dav, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Woodborough, in the County of Nottingham, which Bill was, upon the 5th Day of this Instant May, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Number of Effectives belonging to the Infantry, lately returned from the Continent, as far as the same can be ascertained, according to the latest Returns.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty's mull Gracious Message of the 27th Day of April last, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Seventeen Reports, which have been presented to this House from the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents, be referred to the said Committee j

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's " Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the " Crown," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the said Reports be referred to the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, and had also directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Proclamation issued at Martinique, by Sir Charles Grey, 30th March 1794! And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Proclamation issued at Saint Lucia, by Sir Charles Grey, 5th Apr 1794: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Memorial of the V/eft India Planters and Merchants to the Duke of > dated

28th August 1794: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Memorial of the West India Planters and Merchants to the Duke of Portland, dated 6th February 1795 And a »

N° 5.

King's Con-lent 10 Wood-borou^hinclo-sure Bill.

Account of Effectives belonging to the Infantry, ordered.

Committee on King's Mel-fa ge respecting an Establish-ment for the Prince and Princess of Wales.

Pmers relative to Sir Chnrle* Grey and Sir John Jervis, presented.

35 Geo. III. 14* — 15° 533

N° 5. Copy of a Memorial of the Agents on Behalf of the Inhabitants and Proprietors of the Island of Martinique: And also,

N° 6. Copy of the Memorial of the Merchants of Liverpool: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Committee of West India Planters and Merchants, dated 30th April 1795: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Merchants of Liverpool,dated 2d May 179c: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from General Sir Charles Grey, and Sir John Jervis, ro the Duke of Portland, dated 7th March 1795 j with Copies of Inclosures there*-in: And also,

N° 10. Copy of separate Instructions to General Sir Charles Grey,dated November 1793; with Copies of several Papers therein referred to: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Greys and Sir John Jervis, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated 16th January 1794; received 27th inclosing,

N° ic. A Paper, intituled, " Distribution of '* Booty, &c.And also,

N° 13. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary t)undas to Sir Charles Grey, dated Whitehall 7th March 1794: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland to the Agents on Behalf of the Inhabitants and Proprietors of the Island of Martinique, dated Whitehall 30th April 1795: And also,

N° 15. Copy of the Memorial of the West India Planters and Merchants, dated London 4th May 1795» received 7th May: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland to the West India Merchants and Planters, dated Whitehall 12th May 1795: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Memorial of the West India Planters and Merchants, presented to the Right honourable Henry Dundas, dated London 4th May 1795: And also,

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Dundas to Lord Penrhyn,dated Ilorje Guards 8th May

1795: And also,

N° 19. Copy of a Petition from the Inhabitants of Saint Lucia to General Sir Charles Grey, without Date.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the

House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill for repeal- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

putfclonSt'ag* 'nS nc>it> rc(o've itself into a Committee of the whole Coachei, de- House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act jcritd. of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Mnjeily several additional Rates " and Duties upon Horles and Carriages with Four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act, " passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two " or Three Wheels, therein mentioned,1' as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels tried as Stage Coaches.

Expiring!?'*'* Bill rifL-ircil.

(Excite )

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Vol. L.

Dutieis in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of British-m&de Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* as permits Sir William Bishop, George Biftoop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidft one Geneva; and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, fot extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, wa mitted, be received Tomorrow Morning. s com-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider j^X'rsYn.l of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cafes, to Surgeons of Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Con- slave ship* veyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, be received c eire Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Bill for TnrolI-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole nXwiibeed* House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for made by p* Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and *,tt*, deferred* for Relief of Protestant Purchasets.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Tuesday Morn- Bill to amend ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the deferred. Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlafs, and Petty Chapmen.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 150 die Maii;

Anno 35* Georgii III"l Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

SI R William Heatheote reported from the Com- Basingstone mittee, to whom the Bill, for enlarging the Term jSSXSJJSl and Powers of Two Adcs, passed in the Twenty- mitted Bill rc-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Bajingftone, near the Town of Bagjbot,intheParifli of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, and from thence, through Holly born, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Sutton, New

Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was re-committed , That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Placej and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wete Once rfcad throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BishopofLoa. for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish pa ‘ *

6U »f

150 Mali.

534

of Paddington, in the County of for the

Purpose of Building upon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. ‘Thomas do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Bill for grant- Mr Hobartpresented to the House, according to

Hopkin»'V Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the In-. Trustee* the heritance of certain Lands or Grounds situate at or Land*atPainf. near Painjbill,in the several. Parishes of Cobham, hill prdented. ton, and Wijley, in the County of Surrey, to George

Chamlerlaine, Esquire, George Bond, Esquire, One of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes, Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trusts declared by the Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, deceased, of and concerning his Estate at Painjbill aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Miiibroolce Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to

committed Bill w^om t*ic Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open reported. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of M in the County of Bedford, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry to the Lords, to carry Stmt- the ingroITed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, garett inc?o- Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, jure Bin to the Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lord*. Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Stratton Saint

Margarett, in the County of and desire the

Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

A.

1795

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the iiigrofied Bill from the Lords, intituled,

Mathlilon'*

F.tlale Kill

SET*and An Act for vesting detached Parts of the devised Estates of John Maddifon, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Produce, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Pur-Chafe of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directedhim to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

reported.

Itjihxton Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to

i-ciofnre Bill whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Palhires, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pari 111 of llarlaxton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had xamined, and found that the Standing Orders of

the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to Owmby Ti»« whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open elofureBiil Common Fields and such other Commonable Lands tePulted* and Waste Grounds as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lordlhipof Owmby, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their, Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ropcd.yanJ Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Heaths, ?u, R,y. ln!rloi‘ Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands ure 11 pa ' and Grounds, in the Parish of Ropejley, and in the Liberties or Townships of Great Humby and Little in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heaths, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ropjley, and in the Liberties or Townships of Great Humby and Lit Humby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable the Trustees for executing an Act, Spalding High passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Hispre- fn^Ro^BUi lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining, preserv- commuted.

" ing, and improving, certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of " Cozvbit and Peakill) West on, Moulton,

beach. Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary; and Sutton " Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland,

" in the County of Lincoln," to support and repair a certain Bank extending from Spalding High Bridge to Brotberhouse, in the said County, and to amend and repair the Road thereupon; and for compounding with the Creditors under an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and keeping in Repair the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Junior, Sir John Lhorold, &c.: And they are to meet tia is

Wootlhorough Jnrlofun; Bill patted*

Little Sheffield, Sparrow, pit Gate, &c. Roads Bill rt ported.

Eektngfon Inclosure Bill passed*

Wats. -d and St. Alb in's Cmal Bill polled*

35 Geo. III.

5

Mali.

535

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's to the Town of Saint Allan, in the fame

Chamber,

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of borough, in the County of was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in

the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and repealing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Halherfage, Hope, and Cajlleton, to Spar-

rovupit Gate, in the County of , and from the

Guide Port near Barber's Fields , through -

dleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Hardgate-wall,

and Fairfield, to a House known by the Sign of 'The

Angel, in Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for

grunting further and other Powers for that Purpose, was committed.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Mesne Indofures, within the Manor and Parish of Eckington, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 32. 1. 6. After " the" to insert Commons and Wastes," and to leave out " and Grounds."

And the find Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclo- ures, within the Manor and Parish of Eckington, in the County of Deify.

Ordered, Tim Lord George Henry Cavendish

do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

County.

Ordered, ^hat Mr. Baker do carry Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Bill to the

Aberdeen Roads Bill pa fled.

An ingossed Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the County o f Aberdwas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen.

Ordered, That Mr. Fergufon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Conpurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chmplin4* for effectuating an Agreement entered into between Agreement Charles Chaplin, Esquire, and the Master of the Hof-' 11 pital of Saint Michael the Archangel, at Well, in the County of York, and the Vicar of the Parish of Well aforesaid, for making certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish, and in the Hamlet of Snape, within the same, subject to certain Trusts,

Rights, or Interests, in Favour of the said Hospital, and to an Annual Portion or Payment to the Vicar of Well, in Lieu of other Lands and Tythes at Well and Snape aforesaid, and Masham,in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do . pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Lord Muneafler have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, on his private Affairs.

Leave of

Absence*

An ingossed Bill for making and extending a Navigable Cut from the Town of Watford, in the County of Hertford, to the Town of Saint Alban, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and extending a Navigable Cut from the Town of Watford, in the County of

Mr. Simon Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Heaths, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberties of Spittlegate> Houghton, and Walton, in the: Parish of Grantham,in the County of Lincoln, was

committed; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with ' the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, upon the 6th Day of this.Instant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Nevocaflle under Lyme, in the said County, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed, That printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were

delivered

Spittle^atf, Houghton, ami Walton Inclosure Bill reported*

Report on 6toke upon Trent and Newcastle under Lyme Canal Bill further considered.

53 6 150 M - 1795*

delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, fipon Monday tad, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794.

OrderedThat the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration. v And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read'a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ihgrofled.

LondontVorpe Inclosure Jiill reported. ‘

Day appointed for further Consideration of Report on Datchet ami I (le worth Canal Bill.

The LbnU hive agreed to

Inchbelly Bridge and < &c.

Roads Bill*

Mr. Simon Torke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pasture, Waste, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish or Lordship of Loudohthorpe, in the Cotiqjy of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River ‘Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at, or near, a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isleworth,in the County of was

committed, be taken into further Consideration upon ITedne/dayMorning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for Repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the District of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for altering and afccnaining the Course of the last mentioned Dillrift of Road, so far as the same relate to the said Road from Inchbelly to and for

more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly to G/a/-

gow, and leading to Colder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Bn.'more, to or near the Church of New patrick, and from thence, by or near to the

I own of Old Kilpatrick, beginning at the Bridge across

the Allander, on the Road from Longbank Farm, by Balmulie Bridge to Glasgow on the East, and ending ae the said Town of Old Kilpatrick on the West, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over GarngadHill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld-, without any Amendment:

And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An B«wdl«y Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at Bodge Bill. Bewdley,in the County of Worce/ler, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto; without any Amend-mont: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bjibrooke, Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common ^j'ndoOwe Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Bill,

Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bif-brooke, in the County of Rutland, and for dividing certain Common, called Liddington Common, adjoining, or lying near to, the said Manor, between the several Manors or Liberties to which the same belongs; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common upon the Open Fields and other Commonable Lands within the Manor of Staton, In the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An NorthLemto* Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within fiire Bill. the Parishes of North Lever ton and Hablejlhorpe, otherwise Apeftbcrpe, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An SouthLswrtsi Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- Inclosut* Bill, dows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of South Leverton, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Crawley !» Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open elo,ure B, M* Fields, Common Meadows, Common Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish o otherwise Hu/born Crawley, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St.Mary le for repealing several Acts, made in the Eighth, &°njjuv,n®' Tenth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which, Report o. upon the 7th Day of this Instant May, was made lvjC£'(*‘r from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improv- i^vigatlS*1* ing and supporting the Navigation of the River Bill turtner Ivcl, otherwise Teo, from the Town of lvelchester to confidtrtJ* Bicknell Bridge, in the Pari Pa of Huish Epi/copi, in the County of Somerset, and for making a Navigable Cut from thence into a certain Drain, called Pot flake Rhine, in the Parish of Langport, in the same County, and for making the said Drain navigable from thence to the River Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the Town of Langport, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further Consideration;

And the House being informed. That printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Monday lait, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794.

Ordered, That the said Repoit be now taken into further Consideration.

The

35 Geo. III. 15°

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mali. 537

" Boundary Stone of the City of London, near Staines " aforesaid, may be prejudicial to the Navigariort *f within the jurisdiction of the City of London; Be ic therefore enacted, That no Weir or Device shall be erected across the said River under the Authority of this Act, between the said Boundary " Stone of the City of London and Boulter's Lock afore-<* said, without the Consent of the Corporation of " London first had and obtained for that Purpose under the Common Seal of the said City;" and that the Petitioners are fully convinced that the said Clause, if paded into a Law, will be extremely injurious to the Navigation in general, and to the Second L>iftri6t iti particular, inasmuch as the Power, reserved by the said Clause to the Corporation of the City of,

will effectually p'revent the Commissioners of the Navigation from carrying into Execution the Powers intended to be given them by the said Bill for the Improvement of the Navigation, and will have the Effect of extending the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of the City of London throughout the Whole of the Second District, a Distance of nearly Twenty Miles on the River more than to which their prefenr Jurisdiction extends, to the Exclusion of the Commissioners, who have ever had the Management and Direction of the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City Boundary Stone near Staines, in the County of Middlesex,to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of iVilts :And therefore praying, That the* said Clause may not pass into a Law, and that the House will give the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet; and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Clause.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the *« Powers of so much of Two Acts, paded in tc the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for improving " and completing the Navigation of the Rivers " Thames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of " Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said " Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the " County of Middlesex, to the said Town of " Cricklade)" and for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, paded in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from tlj£ Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was committed, betaken into further Consideration; and the last mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Petition from A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgedes, Land ^TnfTthe^ Owners, and Inhabitants of the Borough of New Wind-Thame* and for, in the County of Berks, and of the Land Owners IB*Navigation and Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are extremely interested in the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, and particularly as to the Second District: That the Petitioners have observed, that a Bill is now pending in Parliament for the Improvement of the said Navigation, and, by the said Bill, a Power is intended to be given to the Commissioners to erect Two new Locks, or Pound Locks, in the Second Dif-trict, and that the said Commissioners may, by virtue of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, take Tolls at each of the said Two new Locks, or Pound Locks, as high as Two Pence Ton per Passage, or Four Pence per Ton per Voyage, being the highest Toll taken at any Pound Lock on the whole Navigation; and that the Petitioners are fully convinced, that Tolls of that Magnitude will be extremely injurious to them, and to the Whole of the Second District, inasmuch as they will raise at the said Two new Pound Locks an enormous Sum of Money, more than equal to the Payment of the Interest of the Sum necessary to build the said Locks, and of the contingent Expences of the Navigation in the Second District, and inasmuch as the said Tolls will be extremely unequal, taking into Consideration the local Advantages which Nature has given to the Second District, and that the said District ought not to be charged with more Tolls than sufficirnt to enable the Commissioners to pay the Interest of the Money necessary to build the said Two new Pound Locks, and to make and keep the Navigation in the Second District good; and that the Petitioners are desirous of contributing to the Maintenance of the Navigation in a just and equal Proportion with all those who derive a Benefit from it: And therefore praying, That no more than Two Pence Ton per Voyage, or One Penny Ton per Passage, shall be demanded or taken at either of the said Two new Pound Locks, unless at the same Time the Tolls at act such of the Pound Locks on the said Navigation at which a Toll not exceeding the Sum of Two Pence, shall be then demanded or taken, shall be raised anil advanced to the same Sum to which the Tolls shall be raised and advanced at the said Two new Pound Locks intended to be erected in the Second District; and that the Petitioners may receive such Relief in the Pre-:nifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Another Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgefies, Land Owners, and Inhabitants of the Borough of New Windsor,in the County of Berks, and of the

Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are extremely interested in the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, and particularly as to the Second District: That the Petitioners have observed that a Bill is now pending in Parliament for the Improvement of the said Navigation, in which Bill, as amended by the Committee, is contained a Clause in the Words following; viz. " And whereas it is " apprehended by the Corporation of the City of " London,that the Erection of Weirs, or other De-« vices, across the said River of , between

‘c Boulter's Lock, near Maidenhead Bridge, and the

Vol. L 1.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House resolvo* House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. *° adjourn to

J J Monday.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill Committee

for widening and improving the Entrance into the SgtbePa^gU

City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more at Temple Bar

commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for f"f, Sn',w Hl11

: _ to fit noiwnh-

raising, on the Credit of the Orphans bund, a Sum Handing Ad. of Money for those Purposes, is committed, have journment.

6 X Leave

Report respect-ingBounties to Mailers and Surgeons of Slave Ships*

State of African Forts predated*

Bill for regulating the shipping ot Slaves, pi dented*

K?port on King's Mef-i*ge i el fling *n t.lUbnlh-nienr for the Prince and Pnncefw of

Wales*

538 15° Mali.

Leave to Gt, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House,* to whom it was referred to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cafes, to Mailers and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds be allowed to each Mailer, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon, of every Ship employed in conveying Slaves from the Coalt of Africa, upon Proof being made, that not more than Two Slaves, in each Hundred that shall have been taken on board such Ships, have died; and of Fifty Pounds to each Mailer, and Twenty-five Pounds to each Surgeon, where not more than Three Slaves, in each Hundred, have died within a certain Period.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of AfricaThat they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuanc to the said Resolution.

The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N® t. State and Condition of same Coast Castle the 9th June 1794: And also,

N° 2. State and Condition of An And

afo,

N° 3. State and Condition of Tantumquerry Fort June 1794: And also, .

N° 4. State and Condition of James Fort, Accra, and Vernon's Fort, Prampram, 20th June 1794: And also,

N° 5. State and Condition of Fort 2'6th

May 1794: And also,

N° 6. State and Condition of Commenda Fort, taken June ill 1794: And also,

N° 7. State and Condition of Fort, as

delivered to Commodore Dod, the 18th 1794: And also,

N° 8. State and Condition of Dixcove Fort 29th May 1794: And also,

N° 9. State and Condition of William's Fort, Why dab, the 15 th of March 1793.

Together with a Schedule of the said Pjpers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongd the other Papers of this Session.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coall of Africa: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration His Majesty's moll Gracious Message of the 27 th Day of April lad, the Resolution which the Committee had direClcd him to

A. 1795.

report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant a Yearly Sum or Sums of Money, out of the Consolidated Fund, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Sixty-five Thousand Pounds, to take Place, and be computed, from the 10th Day of October towards providing for the

Establishment of their Royal High.nefics the Prince and Princess of Wales.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word "Sixty-five," and inserting the Word "Forty" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word et Sixty-five" (land Part of the said Resolution,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by adding at the End thereof, thele Words, " and that a Fund should be provided by the " Sale of a Part of the Landed Revenue of the Crown, " or of the Dutchy of Cornwall, sufficient for replacing ‘‘ the fame."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added,

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. ther, Mr. Ro/e, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Steele also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for. a sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of her Life.

And Mr. Steele moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of Her Life: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. John Thomas

Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr. Rose, and

Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, " Employment, and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Personsin their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cafes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lutidt,

Prince and Princes* of Wales Ella-blishment Bill ordered*

Pnnceft of Walesjointurc Bill ordered*

Committee on Poor Relief Bill.

Basingstone and Winchester Roads Bill passed.

Great Parndon

Inclosure Bill reported.

Pitition from Coventry respecting the high Price of Provisions.

35 Geo. III.

18° Mail

53 9

Luna, 18° die Matty

Anno 35* Georgii III"1 Regis, 17951

Praters.

A N ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and f\. Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Basingfton near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Winin the County of Surrey, through Frimley and in the fame

County, and from thence, through Bentley,

Alton, Chawton, Roplfy, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Basingstone, near the Town of in the

Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, through

Frimley and Farnbam, in the same County, and from

thence through Bentley, Hoilybom, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of in

the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Pamdon, in the County of Essex, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the changing Two of the Comrr.itfioners therein named (except One Owner of 10 Acres of Land, who refused to give his Consent to the Bill} and that the Whole of the Lands and Grounds, intended to be divided and inclosed, consists of 227 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill)} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Members of the Friendly Societies in the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are chiefly employed in the Ribbon Manufactory in the said City, and that there has been a very small Demand for their Articles during the last Six Months, which has reduced many of the Petitioners, who have Families, to very low Circumstances; and that the present Calamities and Distrcffcs of the Petitioners are

rendered still greater oh Account of the high Price of every Article of the Necessaries of Life, and their Earnings, on an Average, do not (in a brilk Time of Trade) exceed Eight Shillings ^>er Week: And there-;, fore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and adopt such Measures as they shall think proper to alleviate such Calamities.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for improving and Supporting the ivelchester and Navigation of the River fuel, otherwise Ted, from the Town of Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge,in the Parish of

Huish Episcopi, in the County of Somerset, and for

making a Navigable Cut from thence into a cehain Drain, called Portlake Rhine,in the Parish of Langport,

in the same County, and for making the said Drain navigable from thence to the River Parrett, below.

Great Bow Bridge, in the Town of Langport, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for raising and sinking the Height of the Water.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for preventing the erecting of Locks or Weirs within certain Limits.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 7. 1. 33. To leave out from " Purpose" to Provided," in Pr. 8* 1.

Pr. 8. 1. 25. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to Provided" in 1. 38.

Pr. 27. I. 6. After «« Manure" to insert "and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for improving and supporting the . Navigation of the River Ivel, otherwise Teo, from the Town of Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the County of Somerset, and for making a Navigable Cut from thence into a certain Drain, called Portlake Rhine, in the Parish of Langport, in the same County, and for making the said Drain navigable from thence to the River Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the Town of.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the " Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Elcventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the " Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifts, from the " City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the " County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the " County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Cricklade-," and for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the 1 County

Cay Appointed for further Consideration of Report on Thames and Ms Navigation Bill.

Stoke uppn Trent and Newcattle underLymeCanal

Bill puffed.

Greystoke Inclosure Bill passed*

Call adjourned.

The Lords have agreed to

Kill to prevent Del iy in the Execution of Writs for Scotland.

540

18* Mail. A. 1795.

County of Middlesex,to the Town of in the County of Wills, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Newcaffle under Lyme, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz

Pr. 72. 1. 36. To leave out " Third" and insert *' Seventeenth"instead thereof. Pr. 104. 1. 9. To leave out from Peace" to

And" in 1. 11.

Pr. 107. I. 9. To leave out " for the said County ,c of ."

Pr. 108. 1. 36. To leave outtc for the said County " of

Pr. 115. 1. 12. To leave out " fdr the said County " of Stafford."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the* Town of NewcaJHe under Lyme, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Barony of Greyfloke, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 2. 1. 12. by adding at the End of the Commissioners Names the Name of John Slee, of Terrill, in the County of Westmoreland, as an additional Commissioner;

A Member present informed the House, That the whole Purvey Rate amounted ro^. 1. 2j. and that the Proprietors of Land assessed to so much of the said Rate as amounted to 14.S. consent to the adding of the said Comir.issioner's Name; but that the Proprietors of Land assessed at 8 s. being the Residue of the said Rate, were totally unapprized of this Circumstance, except One Person assessed at who dif-

fented.

Then the Question being put, That the Words «« and " John Slee of Terrill, in the County of be there inserted;

It pafi*cd in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Barony of Jloke, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read j

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till Thursday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant May.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent unnecessary Delay in the Execution of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain, called j

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to Ct grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon " certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates " in Scotland, which were put under the Management " of a Board of Trustees by an Act, passed in the u Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act," as relates to the Amount of the Debt charged upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited by the Attainder of Evan Macpherson, late of Cluny; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act for making Part of certain Principal Sums, or Stock and Annuities, raised or created, or to beraised or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, on Loans, for the Use of the Government of that Kingdom, transferrable, and the Dividends on such Stock and Annuities payable, at the Bank of England, and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England , without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Iqfurances j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County j and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Hockbam, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Barnard Castle, in the Parish of Gainford, and County of Durham, called Barnard Cafle Moor, The Little Moor, Glen-ton Green, and The Baiting Steads; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames " at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of tc Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto, " for widening some Part of the High Street and the IC Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regu- lating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, " Obstructions, and Annoyances from, thesaidTown," so far as the same relates to widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road at, or near, Abernant, through

Merthyr

Colonel Mac-pherson's Bili.

Bill for mik-ing Stock raised in Ireland transferrable in England.

Sea Insurances Duties Bill.

Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Bill*

Great Hock-ham Inclosure Bill.

Barnard CaBIe Inclosure Bill.

Henley upon Thames Market Place, &c. Bill.

Brecon and Abernant Road Bill.

B«um;>tcn and L sweatier Kuads Bill.

Innlecptrl

Bill.

K'rkBy in Adii*cl*t lndo-fuu Bill.

Petition for Leave to pre-Irnt a Petition to lepair Blaektriars Sewer.

35 Geo. III. i8° Mail.

541

Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Public Roads near Rhydy Blew, in the County of Brecon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying and altering the Powers, of TwoA6t % passed in the Twenty-fourtii and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the East: End of Brumpton High Lave to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of Lancaster, and for repairing the Road leading from Richmond, through Gillivg, Meljonby, and Aid-brcugh % to Lucy, otherwise Lously Crcjs, and from G/7-ling, through Gilling Town La);ey to the Turnpike Road on Gatberly Moor, and for turning and diverting the said Road, from the East: End of the Town of Bain-bridge, to and through the Town of Ilawes> and up the Vale of Jl'iddely to Gearfionesy otherwise Graystones, and for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, that Part of the said Road, and for discharging the Trustees from* the Reparation of that Part of the said Road which extends from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge over the Mountain Camm, to Greenfide Gate, and from thence to Gearficnesy otherwise Graystones, and alfoTrom the Reparation of that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brumpton High Lane, and the Town of Richmond aforesaid > without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, for a limited Time , without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in Ap:fields in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Lonin Common Council assembled.

And then they withdraw.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of die Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames from Blackfriars, in the " City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County " of Surrey," the Petitioners were authorized and ini-powered, eut of the Monies to be raised by virtue of the said Act, to fill up the Channel of Bridewell , and to make, erect, and build a good and sufficient Drain or Sewer, in and through the said Channel, of convenient Depth; and, it was by the said Act provided, that the said Drain, or Sewer, should be maintained and kept in Repair by the Petitioners out of the Monies which should be raised for the Purposes of the said Act; and that the Channel of Bridewell Deck was filled up, and a Sewer of convenient Size conllructed therein, under the Power of the said A cl: That Signs of Failure in the said Sewer have appeared, and are deemed to bfe of very serious Consequences to the Public Passage Way through Bridge Street, as well as to the Property adjoining; that the Consequences of this Failure are extreme Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the Houses adjoining to the said Sewer, all Approach of Carriages thereto being prevented, and great Annoyance and Obstruction to the Public, the said Street, which is one of the greatest Avenues to, and Thoroughfares in, the City of London, being very much reduced in its Width by the Space over the said defective Sewer being r>e-

Vol. L.

ceffarily raised off, and the present State of the said Sewer is attended with constant Danger to the said valuable Houses adjoining; and that, in Addition to the Reasons above-mentioned, it is indispensably necessary that the said Sewer should be re-instated as speedily as may be, inasmuch as it forms the main Drain for a large Part of the County of and

several of the Streets within the City of London, which in case of further Obstruction, must be subjected to the utmost Annoyance and Detriment: That the Funds granted by the said Act, and applicable to the Repair of the said Sewer, have cealed and determined, and,

Disputes having arisen by whom the said Sewer ought to be repaired, the same has, on Account thereof, remained in its present ruinous and dangerous State; and that, by reason of the said Disputes, and various References to Counsel respecting the liability of the rel'pedlive Parties to repair the fame, the Petitioners, who have always been ready to come forward in all Cases wherein the Safety and Accommodation of the Public are concerned, have been withheld from applying to Parliament (which they are very lately informed it is necessary they should) for an Act to repair and maintain the said Sewer, or make a new One throughout the said Street: And therefore praying.

That, in Consideration of the above-mentioned Premises, and very urgent and important Circumstances,

Leave may be given to present a Petition for bringing in a Bill for repairing and maintaining the said Sewer, or making a new One in lieu thereof; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave gi.<n. Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City in Common Council assembled.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and BHckfnars Commons of the City of London, in Common Council SewerPeut,on assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; contaiining the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and maintaining the Sewer, of making a new One instead thereof, in such Manner, and by such , Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof-; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Sir James Sanderson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Powef co fend for Persons. Papers, and Records;- - *

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant tb shoreinm the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ> for Writ, the elcdling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, in the room of John Aldridge, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- Account of suant to their Order, Effectives be.

An Account of the Total Number of Effectives be- infamfy^pr.'-longing to the Infantry, lately returned from the Con- fented, tinent, as far as the same can be ascertained, according to the latest Returns.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounc do lie upon

6 Y the

Bill For allowing the Importation of Goods from India, &c. in Ships, not of British-built, prei'cnt-cd.

Supply

deterred*

Ways and Means deferred.

Question previous Ncg. for going into a Committee to conudtT certain Circular Orders respecting Allowances granted to the Army.

Report of Poor Removal B«ll flutter conli-dcred.

Jbill to prevent the dealing of dead Bodies, deterred*

Rill to crett Buighs of Barony, <vc. in Scotland, erdtisd*

541 iS° — 190 Mail A. 1795*

the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Goods from India and , and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of built, nor registered as such; and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Reltriflions: And the same was received; and read the Firll Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration certain Circular Orders issued, on the 18th Day last, by His Royal Highness Field Marshal the Duke of York to the General Officers commanding Districts; also. Circular Orders of the same Date sent from the War Office; and also, other Circular Orders sent from the War Office, dated April 25th, all respecting Allowances lately granted by His Majesty to the Army, without the Advice or Consent of Parliament;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put.

The House divided.'

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, General ^Tarlctm: \ "

Tellers for the Noes, } 67.

So it paHed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable, was committed;

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Persons convicted of Offences, and Persons of evil Fame, shall be considered as actually chargeable.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon ,the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill more effectually to prevent the Healing of dead Bodies, from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty, under certain Regulations, to

erect independent Burghs of Barony, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for removing certain Difficulties as to the granting of Lealcs in Towns and Villages on ,the Fishing Coasts of that Part of the Kingdom: And that Sir William Mr. William

Sn:ith, and Mr. Mark Wooddo prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge across the " River Severn near Redstone, in the County of " cejicr, and for making proper Avenues and Roads " to and from the farrfe, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River ,c at Redstoneaforesaid," and for enabling the Trustees for executing the said Act to re-build the said Bridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygont Mr. Edward Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages " with Four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages " with Two or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels used as Stage Coaches.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time forlnrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 19® die Maii;

Anno Georgii III*11 Regis 1795. Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys, and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting, for a certain Term of Years, in the Right honourable Henry Seymour , his Execu-

tors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for burning Lime, and for the Use of Distillers and Brewers, and for other beneficial Purposes; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir John William De la Pole have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Hippi/ley Cone have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir James Sander/on have Leave to go ioto the Country for a Month, on his private Affairs.

An

Red(lone Bridge Bill committed.

Bill for repelling additional Duties on Stage Coiclies, ddcited*

Bill forlnrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Pa-piits, deferred*

The Lords have agreed to

Marshal Conway's Bill.

Leave of

Ab fence.

35 Geo. III. 1<f Mail.

Lamionthorne An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pasture, Waste, and other Uninciofed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish or Lordship of Londonthorpe, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass *. And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Pasture, Wade, and other Uninciofed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish or Lordship of Londcnlhorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Simon do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Spltilegtite, Houghton, ind Walton, Iiiclosure Bill paiici*

Harlaxton lucloluie Bill p tiled.

Ec#gworth Inclosurt Bill pa fled*

Bill for granting to Mr. Hopkins's Tr u ilees the Inheiitance of LamlsaiPainf-hill committed.

Aldrich Tn* closure Bill reported.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Fleaths, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberties of Spittlegate, , and Walton, in

the Parish of Grantham, in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Heaths, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberties of Spittlegate, Houghton, and Walton in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Yorke do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Linceln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Harlaxton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Simon Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground called Edgworth Moor, in the Township of in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground called Edgworth Moor, in the Township of , in the

Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds fituace at or near Painjbill, in the several Parishes of Cohham, Walton, and H'ijley, in the County of Surrey, to George Cham-

berla the, Esquire, George Bond, Esquire, One of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sit Samuel Hayes, Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trulls declared by the Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, deceased, of and concerning his Estate at Pains-hill aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevcnnight, the 27th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Lordship or Liberty of Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the County of Stafford, was committed , That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with j and rhat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at 1 is.{d, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at £.2. os. 11 d. who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands to be divided and inclosed is assessed to the Land Tax at £.33. os. id\ and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; 'and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Timie, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,- with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Bur- Petition from gefies, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was pre- high'pri'e of fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, Pfovision*. from the very exorbitant high Price1 of every kind of Provisions and Neceflafies of Life, the inadequate Price of Labour, and the general Distress occasioned by the present War, the Poor of the said Borough are reduced to a mofl deplorable Stare, and are thereby almost totally deprived of being able to procure sufficient Provision to prevent themselves and Families from starving, notwithstanding the liberal Subscriptions of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough towards relieving their Distress: And therefore hoping That the House will take the Matter into their immediate and feribus Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such speedy and effectual Relief as the House shall think right and expedient, in order to lessen the great Distress of the industrious Poor.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill foT dividing and inclosing certain Great Parndon Common Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, p"foj"re 8,11 within the Parish of Great Parndon, in the County of Essex, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 24. To leave out "Thirty" and insert " Forty" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Parndon, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term', and re- Little shtf. pealing the Powers, of TwoAfts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George &0ads Bilk the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Pl(r<d<

His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Castleton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post near Barber'sFields Cupola, through

Grindleford

Scotch fmnll D.S», Bill passed.

Friendly Societies Mill committed.

Bill to euvfc Jiuifhc of l>a-ronv, tvc. in Scotland, yrc-lu'.ud.

544 190 Mali. 1795.

Grindleford Bridge, Great Huckloio,

wall, and Fairfield, to a House known by the Sign of Lbe yIngel,in Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for granting further and other Powers for that Purpose, was read tlte Third Time.

Resolved, That the Hill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and repealing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of H-is present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little SheJ/ie/d, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hatherjage, Hope, and Cafileton, to

Sparrozvpit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Port near Barber sFields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Fidefrvdl,

u'cll, and Fairfield, to a House known by the Sign of Fbe Angel, in Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for granting further and other Powers for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Lord John do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made. That the ingossed Bill for Kings. Con. dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common fmc B.H. Warren, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of MVlbrocke, in the County of Bedford, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That FI is Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Billpafrd. be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Millbrooke, in the County of ford.

Ordered, That Mr. St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of Small Debts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for authorizing the Magistrates of Edinburgh to act under the Provisions of this Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingroifed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to extend the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates o f Edi to 40. Scots.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of finall Debts, and determining small Caulcs arising out of Personal Contraft or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for enlarging the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies," for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treafu;e‘S to other Institutions of a charitable Nature, be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fhurfday Sevennighr, the 28th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir William Pulteuey presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill to enable His Majesty, under certain Regulations, to erect independent Burghs of Barony, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and for removing certain Difficulties as to the granting of Leases in Towns and Villages on the Fifiring Coasts of that Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Oidered, That the said Bill be primed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

KxTiringLaws

whole House, to whom the Bill for making perpetual B11 repo-tni. an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of British-ma.de Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England-, to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manu-

facture of Maidstone Geneva-, and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for p.*-the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more 0*Ut*

effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, Weights, &e. and of false and unequal Balances was committed, be

received Tomorrow Morning.

W

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Driwb.ct ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lli'0l'!lu **-

poir.ition or

House, to consider of granting further Time for al- chim Ware lowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of China *oJ^c0,;l‘-Ware, imported by the East India Company.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Aa for F.n. Twenty-sixth Year of ohe Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and render Fla* rot*

more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first coniidcud.

Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that " Part of Great Britain called England," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

x . Ordered,

feill for regu* lating the flbip* ping of Slavei, committed.

Committee on Bill for Inroll-mem of Deeds and Wilis tnade by Pa* piftf.

koyal Affrnt to Bilii.

Mali.

54$

35 Geo. III.

Ordered, Thar the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for InrolU ment of Deeds and Wills made by Paplfts, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said j Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they hid gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message by Sir Frauds Gentleman Usher

Of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Fork, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that ahe Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Portland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; .

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances:

An Act for making Part of certain Principal Sums, or Stock and Annuities, raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland, on Loans, for the Use of the Government of that Kingdom, transferable, and the Dividends on such Stock and Annuities payable, at the Bank of England, and for the better Security of the Proprietors of such Stocks and Annuities, and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England:

An Act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to open and return certain Letters contained in the Mails, made up at the General Poll Office in London, for the United Provinces, on the Thirteenth, Sixteenth, and Twentieth Days of January One thousand Seven Vol. L.

hundred and Ninety-five, and now remaining in the said General Poll Office:

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, for a limited Time:

An Act to prevent unnecessary Delay in the Execution of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to restrain all Persons from Marriage until their former Wives and former Husbands " be dead:"

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to " grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon " certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates u in Scotland, which were put under the Management " of a Board of Trustees by an Act, passed in the " Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty '

" King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act," as relates to the Amount of the Debt charged upon the Lands and Estate which became forfeited by the Attainder of Evan Macpberfon, late of Cluny:

An Act for vesting, for a certain Term of Years, in the Right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Kiln or Oven, by him invented, for burning Lime, and for the Use of Distillers and Brewers, and for other beneficial Purposes:

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking down the Church and.

" Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John at " Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the " said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery " or Church Yard;" and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the said Church, and other Works:

An Act for building a new Church or Chapel in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of into

the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of trie Greac Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze:

An Act for keeping in Repair the Footways in the High Street of the Town of Kenfingion, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting and watching the said Street, and aMo certain Courts and Alleys communicating the rewith, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein:

An Act for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, , and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages, of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues within the Royalty thereof, for the better supplying the inhabitants with fresh Water, and for the removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said City and Royalty:

An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing,

6 Z lighting.

546 *9° M 1795;

lighting, watching; and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, of and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-

Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Walling- seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, ford, in the County of Berks, and for removing and to explain, amend, and render more effectual the preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments* said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Sixth and Obstructions therein: Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to en-

An Act for repealing several Acts, made in the Eighth, Tenth, Thirteenth, and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleandng, and lighting, the Parish of Mary le

bone, in the County of Middlef, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes:

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, and for opening

convenient Avenues thereto:

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty* first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames,at the Town of Henley upon Thames,

in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto, for widening some Part of the High Street and the Marketplace, for lighting and " watching, for regulating the Footways in, and re- " moving Nuisances, Ohllructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town," so far as the same relates to widening some Part of the High Street and Market Place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town:

An Act to continue, extend, and enlarge, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fecorrd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of Lanerk, and certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Act:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Kighley to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and several other Roads therein respectively described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Kighley to Halifax aforesaid:

An Act for repairing, altering, and improving, the ftoad leading from the Great North Road, in the Town of Stamford, and County of Lincoln, through the Town of Oakham, to the Great North Road aforesaid, at or near a House called The Croft in the Parish Of Greetbam, and County of Rutland:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading f to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardingfton, in the County of Northampton:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of and Chesterfield,

in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said Town of field to the Moot Hall in the To wn of IVirkJworth, in the said County of Derby:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing l'cvcral Roads leading into the City

large the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so.far as the same relates to the Dif-

trift of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District cif Road, so far as the same relate to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading to Calder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Bal-more, to of near the Church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near Lawmuir, to the Town of Old Kilpatrick, beginning at the Bridge across the Allander on the Road from Longbank by Balmulie Bridge,

to Glasgow on the East, and ending at the said Town of Old Kilpatrick on the West, and the Road branch-

ing from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld:

An Act for amending and repairing the Road from the NeathTurnpike Road, at, or near, Abernant, through Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Public Roads near Rhyd y Blew, in the County of Brecon:

An Act for continuing the Term, and varying and altering the Powers',* of Two Acts, palfed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brumpton High , to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to the Town of Lancaster, and for Repairing the Road leading from Richmond, through Gilling, Melfonby, and to

Lucy, otherwise Lously Cross, and from Gilling through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gatberley Moor, and for turning and diverting the said Road, from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, to and through the Town of Hawes, and up the Vale of

Widdel, to Gearstones, otherwise Grayflones, and for making, widening, and keeping in Repair that Part of the said Road, and for discharging the Trustees from the Reparation of that Part of the said Road which extends from the East End of the Town of Bainbridge, over the Mountain Corrupt, to Greenfidt Gate, and from thence to Gearfones, otherwise Gray-stones, and also from the Reparation of that Part of the said Roads which lies between the East End of Brumpton High Lane, and the Town of Richmond aforesaid:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Egerton Brydges, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Kent, and City of Canterbury, in Trustees, to fell or exchange the fame, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale or Exchange in the Purchase of other Freehold Estates to be settled to the same U fes:

An Act for investing certain Estates of William Tovey, the Elder, and If'illiam Tovey the Younger, situate in the County of Warwick, in Dennis Dolan and Henry Maddock, and their Heirs, in Trull, to fell, for the Purposes thetein mentioned, such Estates having been heretofore conveyed to the said Dennis Dolan and John Finch, and their Heirs, as Trustees, for the like Purposes, and the said Finch having become Bankrupt and absconded from this Kingdom before Sale thereof:

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, intituled, 8 " An

X

35 Geo.ill.

‘ \

*9

Mail.

547

"An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by William Hulme, Esquire, to grant Building

" Leases thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners to Brazen Nose College,in Oxford, founded

" by the said Testator, and for other Purposes therein " mentioned," and to enable the Xruftees to convey in Fee, or grant Leases for Lives, or for long Terms of Years, with or without Covenants for Renewal, or for perpetual Renewal, under reserved Yearly Rents, the said Trull Estates, and to enable the Trustees to apply the Trust Monies in making such Allowance to the Exhibitioners as may be thought proper j and foh other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting detached Parts of the devised Estates of John Maddifon, Esquire, deceased, in Truf-

tees, to be sold, and for laying out the Produce, under the Direction of the Court of in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in Lieu thereof to the same Uses:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open Fields, Lot Ground, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground, in Woollen and Borejhill, in the Parish of in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of OJhournby, in the County of Lincoln, and a Plot of Half Years Meadow Land, called Mickling Meadow, in the Parishes of and Scot

Willoughby, or One of them, in the said County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Scartho, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sedgeford,in the County of Nor-

folk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hagworthingham, in the County of Lin-

coln: .

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, Common Stinted Pasture, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Lordship of S war by, in the County of Lincoln t

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton Socon, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, in the Parishes Of Hillingdon and Cowley, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for dividing 4nd inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Abbotts Bromley, otherwise Pagett

Bromley, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields within the Hamlets of Upper Eating-ion and Fulready,in the Parish of Lower in

the County of Warwick; and for taking down and rebuilding the Church of the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Barlbrough, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of bifbrooke, in the County of Rutland, and for dividing a certain Common, called Liddington Common, adjoining, or lying near to, the said Manor, between the several Manors or Liberties to which the same belongs; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common upon the Open Fields and other Common-

able Lands within the Manor of Seaton, in the said County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of North Leverlon and thorpe, otherwise Apejlhorpe, in the County of Not-

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields; Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds; within the Parish of South Leverton^ in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Crawley, otherwise Hufborn Crawley, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons' and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Kirkby in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons, Commonable Lands* and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Hock-ham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors; Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Barnard Castle, in the Parish of and

County of Durham, called Barnard Castle Moor, she Little Moor, Gtenton Green, and The Baiting Steads.

A Motion was made; and the Question being proposed, That an hilmble Address be presented to His Majesty, praying, that He will be graciously pleased to direct, that there be laid before this House fqch Part of the Correspondence between His Majesty's Ministers and Earl Fitzwilliam, late Ibrd. Lieutenant of Ireland, as relates to the Motives and Ground of his Lordship's recall from the Government of that Kingdom, during a Session in which the Two Houses of Parliament had voted their Confidence in him, and their Approbation of his Conduct, and had granted Supplies for the general Exigencies of the State, with a Munificence unparalleled in the Aonals of that Country}

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the other Order of the Day be now read *

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Motion for-ari Address for Correspondence relative to Earl Firz-william's Recall from the Government of Ireland, liiperfeded;

Tellers for the Yeas, j Mr* PowyS'

Mr. John Smyth: Mr. Jekyll,

Mr. Whitbr

J 1S8. ', Ju-j 49.

Rill to amend Hawkers and Pedlars A&, deferred.

Tellers for the Noes,

nior:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same being read accordingly-}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers; Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen.

Ordered, That Mr. Vdnfitlarl have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly} and;

The Order, made Yesterday, for taking into fur- 4'hame*«nd ther Consideration, Tomorrow Morning, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the 1 61X6 *

Bill for amending, and rendering more effectUal, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reigti of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to ,explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of so much ~tt of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

lt improving

Petition! from Marlow; and Henley upon Thames; against the Thames and J(U Navigation Bill.

548 190 — 200 A. 1795.

improving and completing the Navigation of the " Rivers Thaines and Ifts, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade,in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of ic to the said Town of Cricklaand for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed In the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving arid completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middle-Jex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was committed, being read}

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° Mali;

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Town of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose*Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Henley upon in the County of Oxford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereto subscribed.

Were severally presented to the House, and read t Setting forth, Thar, by virtue of divers Acts, made for, improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifts, the Commissioners thereby appointed have improved and amended the fame, by making Horse Towing Paths, Pound Locks, Weirs, and other necessary Works, where they were impowered, above Boulter's Lock, and by Reason of such Improvements the Price of the Carriage of Goods hath been lessened, and the said Navigation rendered more safe, certain, and expeditious, within the Extent of the said Improvements; but, by a Provisoe in the said Acts, the said Commissioners were restrained from erecting any Lock, or Pound Lock, below Boulter's Lock, by Reason whereof the said Commissioners have not been able to amend and improve that Part of the Navigation in their Jurisdiction so effectually as the upper Parts thereof; and that the Petitioners have observed that a Bill hath been brought into the House for giving further Powers to the said Commissioners for the Improvement of the said Navigation below Bouiler's Lock, and for erecting Two Pound Locks, with Cuts, Channels, Weirs, and other Devices necelThry thereto, according to a Plan lodged in the Offices of the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Bucks and Berks, and Public Advertisement in The London Gazette, and other Newspapers, circulated on the Borders of the said Rivers, and the Petitioners apprehend that the erecting of such Pound Locks and Weirs will greatly improve and amend the said Navigation in the lower Part thereof; and that the Petitioners observe a Clanfe hath been inserted in the said Bill, without any Public Notice having been given

thereof, that no such Weirs shall be erected across the said River without the Consent of the Corporation of Lofirft had and obtained for that Purpose, under the Common Seal of the said City, and the Petitioners are of Opinion that such Weirs will not be of any Detriment or Prejudice to the Navigation within the Jurisdiction of the City of London: And therefore praying, That they maf be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or.Counsel, against the said Clause being inserted in the said BilLj and may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally order-; ed to lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in thd Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act ' " explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers

" of so much of Two Acts, passed in thtf <( Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifts, from " the City of London to the Town of " Cricklade,in the County of Wilts, as " relates to the Navigation of the said *f Rivers, from the Boundary of the Ju- rifdiction of the City of London, near " Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Cricklade-," and for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of , was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fir.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill, for dividing arid inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East Stoke and Elston, in the County of Nottingham; and for ascertaining the Boundaries between the said Parishes, was read the Third Time.

Kefolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East Stoke and itt the County of Nottingham; and for ascertaining the Boundaries between the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a certain Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend William Goddard, in the County of in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and the remaining Part of the said settled F.states, and for veiling the Surplus of the Money arising from the Sale thereof (if any) in the Purclufc of other Lands,

to

East Stoke and Elfton lucio-sure Bill passed.

Goddard's Estate Bill re* purred, and passed*

Oinr.byYnclo* fore Bill

Bill for Tnroll. men! of Deads and Wills Biadt by Ps* fits reported.

Bill for allow, ing Co ft* in Cafes of Mif-deucaoort, Arc. picftnted.

Bill for Prevention of deleft ire Weights, fee* ported.

35 Geo. III.

to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Ef-tates now (land limited, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and.that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

ReJclveJ, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and such other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lordship of , in the Parish of

Hear by, in the County of Linc was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and such other Commonable Lands and Walle Grounds as are within, and solely belonging to, the Lordship of Owmby, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vytier, Junior, do carry the Bill to the-Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestanc Purchasers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henniker Major presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing Cods, at the Discretion of the Court, in Cates of Misdemeanors, as now is by Law done in Cafes of Felony; and also, for allowing Cods, under the same Discretion, to Witnesses, whether Condable or other Person, upon the Adjudication of Vagrants: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Sir John Call do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances, was committed.

Sir John Call accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable any Justice of the Peace to examine Weights and Balances, and to convict on his own View.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Vol. L.

45>

Question put thereupon, agleed to by the House, to be made Parc of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; for inflicting a Penalty on Persons obstructing the Execution of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks:

And it being proposed to fill the First Blank with the Words " Forty Shillings

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House: '

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee; That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be no^r received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and the said Clause was added, by the House, to the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossccL

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Freeholders and Leaseholders, having Estates in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also, the Petition of the Committee, elected and appointed in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and certain Places adjoining thereto, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and also of William Seager, a Creditor on the additional Rate of the Optional Streat or Place called Butcher Row, in the said Parish; and also, the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overteers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Clement Danes; and also, the Petition of several Refiants and Tenants of the Manor of the Savoy, in the Dutchy of Lancaster,in the County of Middlesex, whose Names

are thereunder-signed, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Three first-mentioned Petitions, and had considered the last mentioned Petition, and had also heard Coun-fcl in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

7 A And

io° Mail.

BUI for ing the Passage* at Temple Bar and Snow Hill reported, and re-co if) mitted.

o

o

22° Mali.

Commit let on Bill for regulating the Hupping of Slave*,

Report on Datchet and IQeyorth Canal Bill for* ther considered.

Motion for laying before the House Mi-mn« of Committee appointed to enquire into Abuses re-fpci^ing Franking in FubliC Offcces. *

550

20

-21

A. 1795.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast- of be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

of the Minutes of the said Committee be laid before this House.

And Mr. Dent moved the House accordingly.

And the Question being put, That a Copy of the said Minutes be laid before this House,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yets, {m }

Tellers for the Noes, Mr! WUUm ZWij: } 9-

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock j

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without . a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2i° die -Maii;

Anno 35* Georgii III*" Regis, 1795.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Tihomes,called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near

a certain Place called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of in the County of

Middlesex, was committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word *« now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words c« upon this Day Three Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " how" Hand Part of the Question,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Noes,

47*

34*

Tellersforshe Te, s,}

f The Earl of Burford, ?

I Mr. 3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed. That no Counsel attended;

The House proceeded to taka the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolled.

Mr. Dent, from the Committee appointed to enquire into the several Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the fending or receiving Letters and Parcels free fYom the Duty of Postage, by Clerks and others in Public Offices, entitled to fend or receive such Letters and Parcels, informed the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That a Copy

Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. House ad-Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were jwuneJ. not present 5 yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again ' counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, , Ten of the Clock.

V1enerisy 2 2° Maii 7

Anno 35" Georgii IIl*1* Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

A

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to apportion the Relief, by the several Statutes now in Force, directed to be given to the Families of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates serving in the Militia, between the County at large, and the peculiar Distri6ts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia; and to remove certain Difficulties in relbeft to the Relief of Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Cainjburgh, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln iand also for making a Compensation for the

The Lon!* bm*|ita4 te

Bill to make further Prori-fi*'n respeciing Ships and Et-fe&i come to take the Benefit of certain Orders in Council.

Bill to appor* tion the Relief directed to be given to the Families of Militia Men.

Cainlburch Inclosure and Drainage, Uc.

Bill.

9

35 Geo. III.

11

Mali

5$*

Boulton Inclo* sure Bill*

HasfieM Inclo-frnc Bill.

Bedford tn-

closure Bill*

Amendment*

to Chaplin's

Agreement

Bill.

Amendments

vo Bishop of London's Leaic Bill*

the Tythes arising within the said Township, and within the Lordship of Thonock, in the said Parish } without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Poulton, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Commqnable Lands, within the Parish of field, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Closes, Commonable Lands, Pallures, Commons, and Walle Grounds, within the several Parishes of Pauly Saint Peter, and Saint Cutbhert, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedfordj without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Agreement entered into between Charles Chaplin, Esquire, and the Mailer of the Hospital of Saint Michael the Archangel, at Well, in the County of Porky and the Vicar of the Parish of aforesaid; for making certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Parish, and in the Hamlet of Snape, within the same, subject to certain Trulls, Rights, or Interests, in Favour of the said Hospital, and to an Annual Portion of Payment to the Vicar of Well, in Lieu of other Lands and Tythes at Well and Snape aforesaid, and Masham, in the said County: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlef, for the Purpose of Building upon.

And then the MclTeAgers withdrew.

House rriolvet to adjourn to Wcdn<fday*

Petition from Reading against the Thame* and I fit Navigation Bill*

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Morning

next.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by virtue of divers Acts, made for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Jfis, the Commissioners thereby appointed have improved and amended the fame, by making Horse Towing Paths, Pound Locks, Weirs, and ocher necessary Works, where they were impowered, above Boulter's Lock, and, by Reason of such Improvements, the Price of the Carriage of Goods hath been leflcned, and the said Navigation rendered more safe, certain, and expeditious, within the Extent of the said Improvements} but, by a Proviso in the said Acts, the said Commissioners were retrained from creeling any Lock, or Pound Lock, below Boulter's Lock, by Reason whereof the said Commissioners have not been able to amend and improve that Part of the Navigation within their Jurisdiction so effectually as the upper Parts thereof; and that the Petitioners have observed that a Bill hath been brought into the House for giving further Powers to the said Corn-mi (Toners for the Improvement of the said Navigation below Boulter's Lock, and for erecting Two Pound Locks, with Cuts, Channels, and other Devices, ne-celTaiy thereto, according to a Plan lodged in the

Offices of the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties, of Berks and Bucks, and Public Advertisement in The London Gazette, and other Newspapers, circulated on the Borders of the said Rivers, and the Petitioners apprehend that the erecting such Pound Locks and Weirs will greatly improve and am*nd the said Navigation in the lower Part thereof; and that the Petitioners observe a Clause hath been infefted in the said Bill, without any Public Notice having been given thereof, that no such Weirs shall be ferested. across the said River without the Consent of the Corporation of London first had and obtained for that Purpose, under the Common Seal of the said City, and the Petitioners are of Opinion, and advised, that such Weirs will not be of any Detriment or Prejudice to the Navigation within the Jurisdiction of the Citjf of London: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Clause being Inserted in the said Bill, and may have such other Relief in the Premisec as to thC House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for improving and coiripleting the Navigation* of the Rivers Thames and " Jfis,from the City of Lbndon to the Town of

" lade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of " the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near,

" in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of -

" lade-," and for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of , near

Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of*

Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was committed, be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

OrderedThat Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an Ellate in the Parish of Bent-worth, in the County of Southampton, which has been purchased with a Legacy given by the Will of Richard Aldvoorth, Esquire, deceased, for certain charitable Purposes, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale for the like Purposes, was committed; Thac the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true', and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of ,the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Walle Lands within the Lordship or

Liberty

AldworcTi'* Charity Efttftt Bill reported* and pailed*

Aldrich Jndo-sure Bill palfcd.

55*

22° Mali.

A.

'19s

Liberty of Aldridge^ otherwise Aldrich} in the County Cricklade^ in the County of lVilts % was committed, be

Conolly't, See. Partition Bill reported*

Report on Thames and Ifit Navigation Bill further considered.

of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Lordship or Liberty- of Aldridge, otherw'fe Aldrich, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition

and Division between the Right honourable ‘Thomas

Conelly, Henry Vernon, Esquire, Lev Jon Vernon, Esquire, the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon and Richard William Howard Vyfe, an Infant, of divers the Question severally put thereupon, One of them Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments (heretofore the was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amend-Estate of the Right honourable William Earl of Straf- ment to One of them, agreed to by the House. ford, deceased) in the several Counties of Bedford, A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, di-Northampton , Suffolk, Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and the resting that Vessels, or Rafts of Timber, passing by City of London, was committed; That the Com* Pound Locks, shall pay the same Tolls as it they had mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Confederation.

And the House being informed, That the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 15th and 20th Days of this Instant May, and this Day, praying to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, declined being heard, by their Counsel, against she said Bill;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to

passed through such Pound Locks.

And the said Clause was T wice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was. offered to be added to the Bill, Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him directing that no higher Toil shall be taken at One to report to the House; and he read the Report in Pound Lock than at another. '

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 32.

Pr. 54. 1. 24.

Pr. 55- 1. 2.

1. *3-

1. 26.

Pr. 58. J. 3°-

Pr. 59- 1. 9-

After Tuddington," insert Har-" livgton and Tongs."

Leave out "to."

Leave out " of and in."

Leave out " of and in."

Leave out of and in."

Leave put to."

Leave out Billesford," and insert " Billiford."

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, impowering the Commissioners to let the Tolls.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for fending Notice to the Committee Men of their Appointment, and of the Time and Place of their First Meeting.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon

The said Amendments being severally read a Se- the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, cond Time, were, upon the Qheftion severally put to be made Part of the Bill.

Ravenfthor^e Inclosure Bill prefen teL

thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Ravenfihorpe, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration, the Report which was made ingrossed. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the upon Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present then ingrafted.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving the Rights of the City of London.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that a General Meeting of the Commissioners shall be held Annually in Westminster.

And the said Clause Was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

t<

enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and com-* pleting the Navigation of the Rivers Tames and " Ifts, from the City of London, to the Town of

" Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the

Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines,

" in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of " Cricklade " and for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present County of Buckingham, in the room of William Drake, Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving Junior, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Henry Beaufoy, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of , in the

Yarmouth

Writ.

Agmondef-ham Wtiu

and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of

Bill for regu-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Jating the the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the

shipping ed.ve* "p°

.Amounts relating to Hemp and Flax pre-fcnted*

Account of itiffcrent Sums paid to the Emperor during the Wai, picicnted.

I^or Removal Bill deferred*

Lcive of Ab-

iCUCC*

Patch* and ltleworth Canal Bill read the Third Tine.

t

35 Geo. III. n° M. 553

shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Longprefen ted to the House, pursuanc to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax certified to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trealm y to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Monies directed to be issued to the Order of the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties therein mentioned, between the 9th of May 1794 and the 9th of May 1795: And alf°>

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Sums allowed, " by the Justices of the Peace for the several Counties " within mentioned, to the Clerks of the Peace, for *< Business done under the Act for encouraging the *c Growth of Hemp and Flax, and paid by Order of " the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury

between the 9th May 1794 and the 9th May

" ,795*" .

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were

read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of the different Sums of Money that have been paid to the Emperor, or the Commanders of H is Imperial Majesty's Forces, at different Times, during the present War; together with the Dates of such Payments.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become actually chargeable, be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamlyn have Leave to go into

the Country, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River ‘Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datchet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rails Head, in the Parish of Isleworth, in the County of be now read.

Vol. L.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question. being proposed. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words upon this Day " Three Months.'*

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being pur. That the said Bill be how read the Third Time,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for thf Yeaj,

Tellers for Che Noes, } *

So it was /efolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and the Lord named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act to make further Provision respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Council of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom:

An Act to apportion the Relief, by the several Statutes now in Force, directed to be given to the Families of Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Privates, serving in the Militia, between the County at large, and the peculiar Districts therein not contributing to the County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each in such Militia; and to remove certain Difficulties in respect to the Relief of Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia:

An Act for inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Uninclosed Grounds, within the Township of Gam/burgh, in the Parish of Gainsburgh, in the County

7 B of

Royal Assent to Bills,

554

22° Mail. A. 1795.

of Lincoln s and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising within the said Township, and within the Lord ship of Thonock, in the said Parish:

An Act for effectuating an Agreement entered into between Charles Chaplin, Esquire, and the Matter of the Hospital of Saint Michael the Archangel, at Well, in the County of York, and the Vicar of the Parish of Well aforesaid; for making certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish, and in the Hamlet of Snape, within the same, subject to certain Trutts, Rights, or Interests, in Favour of the said Hospital, and to an Annual Portion or Payment to the Vicar of Well, in Lieu of other Lands and T ythes at Well and Snape aforesaid, and , in

the said County:

An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of Building upon.

An Act for vesting a certain Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend William Goddard, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and the remaining Part of the said settled Estates, and for vetting the Surplus of the Money arising from the Sale thereof (if any) in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses to which the said settled Estates now stand limited:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the . Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Poulton, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Hasfield, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing, allotting* and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Closes, Commonable Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Saint Paul, Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

Datehet and Then an ingossed Clause for securing the Tolls at lilt worth Ca* Hampton Court Bridge, was offered to be added, by ul Bill parted. Way of Ryder, to the ingossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River Thames, called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datehet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rail's Head, in the Parish of ,in the County of

Middlesex.

And the said Clause was Thrice read} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for preventing any Acts being done, in the Manor of Lalebam, without the Content of the Earl of Lonsdale.

And the said Clause was Thrice read } and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for purchasing a Towing Path belonging to the Earl of Lonsdale.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a certain Place in the River,

called or known by the Name of Hog Hole, in the Parish of Datehet, in the County of Buckingham, into the said River, at or near a certain Place, called or known by the Name of The Rail's Head, in the Parish of Isle-worth, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Loveden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by c©»wnti«i Tr , i ,r with the Em*

His Majesty s Command, # peror,

Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and tented.

the Emperor, signed at Vienna, May 4th, 1795 , and

T ranfiation.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session} and the said Translation

is as followeth; viz.

iTR AN SL ATI ON o^ a Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor. Signed at Vienna May 4th, 1795.

The Emperor, and the King of Great Britain, being equally convinced of the Necessity of acting with Vigour and Energy against the common Enemy, in order to procure to their respective Dominions a safe and honourable Peace, and to preserve Europe from the Danger with which it is threatened. Their Imperial and Britannick Majesties have thought proper to concert together upon the Measures to be adopted for the next Campaign, and agree, for this Purpose, on such Stipulations as may best conduce to the falu-tary Object of their Intentions already mentioned.

With this View, Their Majesties have appointed their respective Plenipotentiaries; that is to say, his Imperial* Majesty, his Privy Councillor actual, and Mi-nifter for Foreign Affairs, Baron de ThugUt, Commander of the Order of Saint Stephen; and His Britannick Majesty, Sir Morton Eden, One of His Majesty's Mott honourable Privy Council, Knight of the Bath, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of Vienna: Who, after having com- . municated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles.

Article I.

In order to assist the Efforts which his Imperial Mar* jetty is desirous of making, and to facilitate to him the Means of bringing forward the Resources of his Dominions, in the Defence of the common Cause, His Britannick Majesty engages to propose to His Parliament to guaranty the regular.Payment of the Half-' yearly Dividends, on the Sum of Four Millions Six Hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, which is, or is to be raised, on Account of his Imperial Majesty, on the Terms and in the Manner specified in the Two Engagements or Oftrois, the Tenor of which is annexed to this Convention; his Imperial Majesty solemnly engaging to His Britannick Majesty that he will make due Provision for the regular Discharge of the Payments which shall become due in Consequence of the said Loans, so as that those Payments shall never fall as a Burthen on the Finances of Great Britain.

Article II.

In Return for the Stipulation contained in the preceding Article, and by the Means of the said Loan of Four Millions Six Hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, afiurpd by the Guaranty of Great Britain, his Imperial Majesty shall employ in his different Armies, in the ensuing Campaign, a Number of Troops, which shall not only amount at lead to Two hundred thousand effective Men, but which his Imperial Majesty will exert himself, as much as possible, to augment even above that Number; which Troops shall act against the common Enemy, according to the Dispositions agreed upon by a secret Article, forming a Part of this Convention.

Article

35 Geo.. Ill* i 2° Mail.

Article III.

*The Emperor will fee with Pleasure the Appointment of General Officers, or other Persons of Confidence, to be present with his Armies on the Part of His Britannick Majesty, to whom all the necessary Communication and Information will readily be furnished, with fefpett to the State and Strength of the Armies, and the Number of Troops of which they may consist; and if, in order to facilitate and promote the Correspondence and Communication between the Armies of the Two Courts, his Imperial Majesty shall think proper to fend an Officer, or other Person, on his Part, to the English Armies, they shall, in like Man-

ner, receive from the Generals of His Britannick Majesty all such Marks of Confidence as are most analogous to the intimate Union so happily subsisting between the Two Courts,

Article IV,

It is exptessly agreed, that the said Loan is to rest on the Security of all the Revenues of all the different Hereditary Dominions of his Imperial Majesty. All the necessary Measures shall be taken on the Part of his Imperial Majesty, in each of the said Dominions respectively, togivfe full and legal Effe&and Validity to the said Loan, and to the Engagements for the regular Payment of the Half-yearly Dividends which shall fall due in consequence thereof, so that if at any Time there should happen, from whatever Cause, to be any Delay in any of the Payments, after the Period of their falling due, the Holders of the Securities granted or to be granted, on the Part of his Imperial Majesty, for the said Loan, may sue the Receivers or Treasurers of his Imperial Majesty's Revenues, in any of the said Dominions respectively, at the Option of such Holders, and may recover from them, or any of them, by due Course of Law, the full Amount of . such Payments having so fallen due, in the same Manner as any private Individuals are admitted in the said Dominions respectively to prosecute and recover their just Rights against other private Persons.

Article V.

If it should ever happen that, contrary to all Expectation, any Part of the Dividends due on the said Loans should, in consequence of the Failure of the Payments stipulated to be made by his Imperial Majesty, be paid by the British Government, it is agreed that such Payments shall be made at the Bank of England, and only on the Delivery of the Tallies

or Certificates of the Dividends lb respectively paid; and every such Tally or Certificate so delivered up shall be a valid and legal Security, so as to enable the Holder thereof to sue any of the Receivers or Treasurers of his Imperial Majesty's Revenues, in any of his Dominions aforesaid, at the Option of such Holder, and to recover from them, or any of them, the full Amount of the Sum expressed in such Tally or Certificate, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Five fer Cent.per Annum, to be reckoned from the

Date of the Payment made by the British Government.

And whereas it is provided, in the Terms agreed upon for raising the said Loans, that, as a collateral Security for the said Loans, there shall be de-pod ted in the Bank of England Mortgage Actions of the Bank of Vienna, for a Sum in the Proportion of Four to Three of the Loan to be so raised j It is further agreed, that the Governor and Company of the said Bank shall, in case of any such Payment as aforesaid being made by the British Government, be authorized to withdraw from the said Deposit such a Quantity of the said Actions, as shall be required to make up at lead the Proportion of Four Pounds for every Three which shall be so paid by the British Government, to be by the said Government either used as a Security or Claim upon the Bank of Vienna,

Until Repayment of the said Sum, and of the Interest due thereon, or negotiated at the Time to such Extent as may be necessary in order to effect such Reimbursement, according as to the said Government may seem most elegible j and that the Quantity of Actions so withdrawn shall be deducted from or set off against any Quantity, which, according to the Terms of the said Loan, might thereafter be to be withdrawn from the said Deposit, in Proportion to, the gradual Redemption of the Bonds, and the Payment of the Annuities, as is specified in the Conditions of the said Loan;

Article Vi;

And whereas certain Advances have been made by the British Government to his Imperial Majesty, ori Account and by Way of Loan j it is agreed that the same shall be repaid at London in the Course of the present Year, in Exchange for the Receipts given by the Generals Commanding in Chief the Imperial Army, and conformably to the Sums contained in the said Receipts. The said Advances shall be reimbursed at latest, in Two equal Parts, in the Months of November and December, so that the Total shall be reimbursed before the Expiration of the present Year.

Article VII.

The present Convention shall be rati fied on each Side without any Delay, and the Exchange of the Ratifications, expedited in due Form, shall be made within the Space of One Month at latest.

In Witness whereof we, the Undersigned, being furnished with the full Powers of Their Imperial and British Majesties, have in their Names signed the prefenc Act, and have thereto set the Seal of our Arms. — Done at Vienna, the 4th Day of May in the Year 1795.

(L.S.) Le Baron de Tbugut. (L. S.) Morton Eden,

Tenour of the First OCtroi,

Francis, by the Grace of God, Emperor of the-Romans, &c.

To all those who shall fee these Frefents, Greetings The Expences which we find it necessary to incur, for continuing our Efforts against a deftfu&ive Enemy; requiring that, without too far burthening our Sub-» jests, we should procure extraordinary Resources ? We , have, by the Advice of our most dear, our dear and trusty the Treasurer-General, Councillors and Commissioners of our Domains and Finances, and upon the Deliberation of his Royal Highness, our most dear and well-beloved Brother, the Archduke Charles Lewis of Austria, Prince Royal of Hungary and Bohemia, our Lieutenant-Governor and Captain-General of the Low Countries, oiir Chancellor of Law having been heard, resolved to raise a Loan in England, conformably to the Clauses and Conditions following.

1. A Loan of Three Millions of Pounds Sterling, payable in ready Money, shall be opened in the City of London, at the House of Walter Boyd, Paul Benjteld, and James Drummond, Merchants in London, in the Firm of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. Bankers to his Majesty, appointed for that Purpose.

2. A Part of the said Loan shall consist in Bonds,

to be signed by the said Messrs. Boyd, and Go.

or by One of the Individuals belonging to the said Firm; and those Bonds may be for such Sums as shall be judged proper.

3. A Capital of Two Millions Five hundred thoU-i

sand Pounds Sterling shall be raised by those Bonds bearing Interest at Three per Cent, per Annum: The

Lenders shall not demand the Re-payment thereof, but we reserve to ourself the Right of redeeming them at Par, viz,at the Rate of One hundred Pounds Sterling, in Money, for One hundred Pounds Sterling of Capital.

4. The

55^ 12 0 Mail. 1795.

4. The said Capital of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling shall be valued to the Lenders at Sixty Pounds Sterling in Money for One hundred Pounds Sterling of Capital.

5. The Residue of the said Loan shall consist in

Bonds, to be likewise signed by the said House of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. or by One of the Individuals

belonging thereto, containing an Engagement to pay, for the Term of Twenty-five Years, Annuities at the Rate of Ten per Cent, of the Capital lent! and the said Annuities for Twenty-five Years shall be in full to the Lenders, as well for the Capital as for the Interest on this Part of the Loan.

6. The said Annuities shall amount in the whole to One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, which, at the Rate of One hundred Pounds Capital for Ten Pounds Annuity, will produce the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, forming the other Part of the said Loan.

7. The Interest of the Bonds, at Three per Cent, and the Annuities for the Term, shall be computed from the F'irst Day of May 1794, and shall be paid Half-yearly, on the First of May and the First of November in each Year, at the House of the said Messieurs Boyd, Benfield, and Co. or at the Office which shall be appointed for that Purpose by them.

8. Although the Redemption of the Capital Stock of perpetual Annuities at Three per Cent, is not demandable at any Period, We engage, nevertheless, to remit to the said House of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. the Sum of Five thousand Pounds Sterling, Monthly, during the Term of Twenty-five Years, for which the Annuities shall continue} which Sum of Five thousand Pounds Sterling, per Month, during the Term of Twenty-five Years, or Sixty thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum,shall be applied by the said House of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. under the Direction and Controul of Five Persons (who shall be appointed by us for that Purpose) to the buying up, at the Market Price, of the Bonds bearing Interest at Three per Cent.; and not only the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum,but also the Interest accruing from all the Bonds which shall have been successively bought up, shall be invariably applied to the Purchase of other Bonds, for the Purpose of thus keeping up an Annual Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the said Bonds, until their final Extinction, to the Amount of Sixty thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum, augmented by the Interest of all the Bonds which shall have been successively bought up.

9. The Bonds, at the Head of which the present Octroi shall be printed, shall be conceived in these Terms, viz.

For those bearing an Annual Interest of Three Cent.

" We, the undersigned, being thereto specially * authorized by his Imperial and Royal Apoftolick Majesty, acknowledge to have received of " the Sum of Pounds Sterling,

" for which, in our said Quality, we will pay to a Yearly Interest, in Two Payments, of " Sterling, the First Payment

whereof will be due on the 1 ft of 1794,

" and to continue till the Redemption of the said Capital, which shall be made conformably to the above OCtroi,

" Done at London, the "

And for the Bonds for the Annuities fora Term,

" We, the undersigned, being thereto specially *( authorized by his Imperial and Royal Apoftolick Majesty, acknowledge to have received of " the S.um of Pounds Sterling, for

' " which, in (iursaid Quality, we will pay.

<« during Twenty-five Years, the Sum of

,c which shall be in full, both for the said Capital

" and for the Interest.

" Done at London, the "

10. In order to provide for the Security both of the Capital and the Yearly Interest of this Loan, and to give upon this Occasion the most satisfactory and proper Securities, We engage and assign, by these Presents, to thoft who shall furnish the said Loan, the clear Surplus, free from all Charge, of all our Royal Revenues, to the Amount of the said Sum, and cfpe-cially the Revenues of our Provinces of the Low, Countries.

11. We further engage to remit, at our Option,

either to the House of the Widow and Son, ac

Brussels, or to that of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. ac London, punctually every Six Months, before the First of May and the First of Novem in each Year, the Amount of Two hundred and Eighty-five thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum, during the 1 Term of Twenty-five Years, so fir as the said Sum shall be necessary for discharging the Payments, and redeem^ ing the Capitals, as stipulated by this OCtroi; so (hat the Funds necessary for the Payment of the Interest and the Annuities, and for the buying tip the Bonds, shall be rtalifcd in the Hands of the said Messrs. Boyd, Benfield, and Co. in Time, when each Half-yearly Payment becomes due, and for the Purchases in each Month.

12. As a Collateral Security for the said Loan, there shall be deposited'in the Hands of the said Messrs. Boyd, Benfield, and Co. to be deposited by them in the Bank of England, Actions in Mortgage of the Bank of Vienna, to the Amount in Value of the Sum of Four Millions Sterling, bearing Interest at the Rate of Five per Cent, on the Amount of the nominal Capitals of this Loan; and, according to the gradual Redemption of the Bonds bearing Interest at Three per Cent, and of the Payment of the Annuities for the Term, a Quantity of Actions of the Bank of Vienna shall be withdrawn from the said Deposit, in Proportion to the Payments and Redemption which shall have been made.

13. Each of the Lenders shall receive an equal Portion of Bonds and Annuities, so that such of them who shall have subscribed One hundred Pounds Sterling in Money, will receive a Bond for Eighty-th'ree Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling, bearing Interest at Three per Cent, and another Bond for the Payment of an Annuity of Five Pounds Sterling for Twenty-five Years.

We therefore command all whom it may concern to govern and conform themselves accordingly} We renounce, moreover, by these Presents, as well for ourself, as for our Heirs and Successors, all Exceptions and Advantages whatsoever which may be claimed for diminishing or invalidating the Obligations which we have contracted by these Presents, and of which we allure and promise the cxact and inviolable Ac-complishment; and we derogate, in this Instance, from the Ordinances and Instructions now existing for the Conduct and Direction of Our Domains and Finances, by which it is prohibited to alienate, fell, or charge them, either in the Whole or in Part} from which we have relcafed, and do release* those of our Council for our Domains and Finances, those of our Chamber of Accompts,* and all others whom it may concern: We discharge them in consequence, on this Occasion, from the Oath which they have taken for the Observance and Execution of the said Ordinances and Instructions, which nevertheless, in all other Cafes, Points and Articles, shall remain in their full Force and Vigour. And these Presents shall be exhibited as well to those of our Council of Domains and Finances, as of our Chamber of Accompts, in the 1 Low

35 Geo. III.

ia° Mali.

557

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Aa.respect* Farmers, Tradesmeri, and Yeomanry, tefiding within «ngi)une*«ft the Hundred of Hartsmere, in the county of ; "age* to be and also, the Petition of the Farmers, Tradesmen, and confidewd. Yeomanry, residing within the Hundred of in the County of Suffolk, which were presented to the House upon the 14th Day of this Instant May, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out " by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The H>>use was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses " and Carriages with Four Wheels; and for explain-« ing and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-« fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates " to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, u therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Acts as relates to the Duties to be paid upon certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hill have Leave to go into LamoT Ab* the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Af- feno*» fairs.

Paper* relative to Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervis presented*

Low Countries,to be there respectively verified, con-

firmed, and registered, according to their Form and Tenor, and afterwards transmitted to the House of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. at London, for the Security of

the concerned.

For such is our good Pleasure.

In Witness whereof we have signed these Prelaws, and caused our Great Seal to be set thereto —

Given at our Head Quarters in the City of Tourney,

the i8rh of May,in the Year of our Lord 1794, and of our Reigns of the Roman Empire the Second, and of Hungary and Bohemia, the Third Year.

T VaultV*.

(Signed) Francij. By the Emperor and King,

' P. du Rieux.

Tenour of the Second Oftroi.

Francis, by the Grace of God, Emperor of the Romans, &c. &c. &cc. To all who shall fee these Pre-

fents. Greeting:

The Wants of our Service requiring an Augmentation of extraordinary Refourers, We have resolved to open a new Loan of One Million Six hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, at the House of Walter Boyd, Paul Benfield, and James Drummond, Merchants, at London, unde/ the Firm of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. upon the same Engagements, Conditions, and Stipulations as that of Three Millions Sterling, already opened by them, on our Account, by the Oftroi of the 18th May 1794; which Engagements,

Conditions, and Stipulations shall be deemed to be herein inferred, at the same Rate of Proportion as exists between the Capital Sums of the Two Loans; provided that, for the Security of the Lenders, as well those who or shall be concerned in the First Loan of Three Millions Sterling, as those who shall be Parties in the present, we engage, assign, and destine thereto, by the present Oftroi, all our Royal . „ . , ....

Revenue., in our Hereditary Dominions, Kingdoms, Motion was made, and the Quezon was pro-and Provinces, without Exception; engaging, more- ^?at r Monday last, for

Order for Call

over, in further Augmentation of the Security for the »urther adjourning the Call of the House till Thursday Second Loan, as we have done for the First, to remit,. nex.t' ddcharged.

as a Collateral Security, to the said Messieurs Boyd, *"d the said Mot,on was>w,th Lcavc of the House»

Benfield, and Co. Actions in Mortgage of the Bank of w,thdrawn.

Vienna, bearing an interest of Five per Cent. for a Sum proportioned to this Second Loan, upon the Footing stipulated by the 12th Article of the Oftroi, of the 18th May, 1794, above recited. For such is our good Pleasure.

In Witness whereof we have signed these Presents, and caused our Great Seal to be set thereto — Given at Vienna, the 4th of Mey, in the Year of our Lord 1795, and of our Reigns of the Roman Empire, and of the Hereditary Dominions the Third Year.

Trautt V'.

(Signed) Francis, By the Emperor and King,

P. du Rieux.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Adresses to His Majesty,

Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Grey, K. B. to Mr.

Secretary Dundas,dated 20th May 1795; inclosing,

A printed Paper, intituled, Proclamations and " other Papers issued by the British Commanders in the French West India Islands."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers'do lie upon the Table, tb be perilled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

*1 he said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. L.

of the House, withdrawn*,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, requesting His Majesty to take into His gracious Consideration the State of the Pay of the Subalterns in His Regiments of Infantry of the Line, and that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to grant chem such Relief as, from the increased Price of all the NecelTa-ries of Life since the Period at which '.their present Pay was originally fixed, to His Royal Wisdom shall seem meet; and that this House will make good the fame;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telltrs for the Yeas,

Motion for Add ref* for Relief to the Subalterns in the Infantry* Ntg.

7*

Tellers for the Noes,

So it pafifed in the Negative.

37.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Minchin have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

7 C Ordered,

Supply defer*

Ways and Means deferred.

Leave of Ab« fence*

Leave of Ab-ftnct.

Committee on Bill to amend Hawkers and Pedlars A&.

Leave of Ab* fence.

Motion for readinr the other Order of the Day*

Conolly's, &c. Partition Bill patted.

The Lords have agreed to

Swillington Inclosurt Bill*

558 22° — 17 0 Mali 1795.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Vaughan have

Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on urgent Business.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment 1 and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's T able.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if thfc said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Tarleton have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Peel have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Mojlyn have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

A Motion being made. That the other Order of the Day be now read;

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 270 Man j Anno 350 Georgii III. U Regis, 1795. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the Right honourable iThomas Conolly, Henry Vernon, Esquire, Vernon,

Esquire, and Richard William Howard Vyfe, an Infant, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments (heretofore the Estate of the Right honourable William Earl of Strafford, deceased) in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Suffolk, Kent, Surrey, and the City of London, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Township, and Parish of Swillington, in the West Riding of the County of Yor; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and extending a Navigable Cut from the Town of Watford, in the County of Hertford, to the Town of Saint Alban, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Woodborough, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Fpurteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Acts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itcbin, in the County of Southampton, and for improving the Navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the Rates of Carriage, Riverage, and Wharfage; payable thereon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Field*, Meadows, Pastures, Heaths, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ropjley, and in the Liberties or Townships

of Great Humby and Little Humby, in the County of Lincoln', with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kel/ball, in the County of Hertford-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Boijeau; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

an

Watford and St. Alban'* Canal bill.

Woodborough Inclosure Bill.

Ealand and Leeds Road Bill.

Itcbin Navigation Bill.

Rochdale, Halifax, and E»-land Road BUI.

Ropfley and Humby Indo-furt Bill, with an Amendment.

Kelfhal! In. closure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lord* have passed

Boileau't Nat. Bill.

Blackfnart Sewer Petit:!?* reported.

Committee on Bill for grant* ing to Mr* Hopkins* Trusteet the Inheritance of Lands at PainfliiU*

Report referred.

Thames and

11s Navigation Bill passed.

3 5 Geo. III.

27

Mail.

559

an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from , in the City

of London, to the oppofue Side, in the County of , was read; And,

Nathaniel Wright, Esquire, being examined, said. That, by virtue of the said Act, the Channel of Bridewell Dock has been filled up, and a Sewer of convenient Size constructed therein; but that of late there have appeared Signs of Failure in the said Sewer, which are deemed to be of serious Consequences to the public Passage Way, through Bridge Street, as well as to the adjoining Property. — -That the Consequences of this Failure are extreme Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of Houses contiguous to the said Sewer, all approach of Carriages thereto being prevented. — That it is indispensably. necessary that the said Sewer should be re-instated as speedily as may be, inasmuch as it forms the main Drain for a large Part of the County of Middlesex, and several of the Streets within the City of London, which in same of further Obstruction mull be subjected to the utmost Annoyance and Detriment: — And the Witness added. That the Funds granted by the said Act, and applicable to the Repairs of the said Sewer, have ceased and determined, and the same cannot be repaired and maintained without^ the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Common Sewer in Bridge Street, Blackfriars, in the City of London, or making a new Sewer instead of a certain Part thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the fame: And that Mr. Alderman Anderson and Mr. Alderman Lushington do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds situate at or near Painjbill, in the several Parishes of Cobbam, Walton, and Wifley, in the County of Surrey, to George Chamberlaine, Efcpiire, George Bond, Esquire, One of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel , Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trusts declared by the Will of Benjamin Bond , Ef-

quire, deceased, of and concerning his Estate at Painjbill aforesaid;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Chamberlaine, Esquire, George Bond, Esquire, One of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes, Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Devisees in Trust, named in, and appointed by, the last Will and Testament of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, late of in the County of Surrey, Esquire, deceased, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers " of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifts, from the City

0 of London to the Town of Crick lade, in she County " of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said " Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of " the City of London, near Staines, in the County of *' Middlesex, to the said Town of Crickladeand for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts,was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so " much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and " Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation " of the Rivers Thames and I/is, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts,

" as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from " the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of " London, near Staines, in the County of to

the said Town of Cricklade;" and for extending and enlarging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Van/ittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Viscount Hsnchingbrook reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, reporu Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Warboysin the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and " Commons, in the several Parishes of Ram/ey, Bury,

" Wiftow, Warboys, Somersham, Colne, and Pidley with " Fenton, in the said County of Huntingdon, and in the ,f Parishes of Gtar/era and Doddington, within the Isle " of Ely, in the County of Cambridge," as relates to the letting certain Lands therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through (the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bingham have Leave to go into Leave of Ab-the Country, for a Month, on Account of the Illness sene*' of a near Relation.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and ?*Te^nhorp5. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- committed.' tures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

within

Warboya In* Closure and Drainage Bill cd.

560

2 7° Mali,

A. 1795.

Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves parted.

Bill to 'amend Insolvent Debtors Act, committed.

Soileau4! Nat. Bill read.

ill to prevent the dealing of dead Bodies, deferred.

Bill for TnrolJ-nient of D&dt and Wilis made by Pa-picts, parted.

Expiring Laws Bill parted. (Excise.)

within the Parish of Ravenjlborpe, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill d. pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; for naturalizing Peter Boileau, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill more effectually to prevent the dealing of dead Bodies from-Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papids, and for Relief of Protedant Purchasers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title' be. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papids, and for Relief of Protedant POrchafers.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William George Bishop,

and Angles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wadi, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of -

made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majdl^, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop,

and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva -, and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts,

Wadi, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for,

Home Consumption.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Farmers, Tradesmen, and Yeo- Petition from manry, resident in the Hundreds of hoes, Wilford,

Car If ord, Plomefgate, and Tbredling, in the County of plaining of the Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, for many Years pad, have 1 kept Two-wheeled Road Carts, made up of common and inferior Materials; for the more ready Conveyance of their Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to Towns and Markets, for Sale, which Carts they have occasionally used for Pleasure, whereby they have been, and now are, liable to be assessed for the same at the Rate of £.3. 10 s.per Annum, with the additional Ten per Cents thereon, being a Duty charged on all Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, to be drawn by One or more Horses, which should be used at any Time for the Carriage or Conveyance of Persons, and not generally used in the Affairs of Husbandry, or for the Carriage of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, &c. by the Eighteenth Section of an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty VReign, which Tax, the Petitioners submit to the House, is a great Grievance, and falls very heavy on them, their Carts being generally for the Purpose of conveying themselves and Families, their Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to Markets and Places where fold, and used occasionally only for Pleasure, and are of small Value, being made up at a very moderate Expence, but, by the present Mode of affdfing, they are chargeable with as great a Duty as the most elegant and codly Two-wheeled. Calalh, Chaise, Whilkey, Gig, or Chair, kept and used by Persons of great Property and Fortune, solely for the Purpose of Pleasure, and by others to lec out for Hire; and that the Petitioners, being ever ready and willing cheerfully to contribute, according to their several Situations in Life, to the Exigencies of the State, with all due Submission to the House, beg Leave to mention, that, if a moderate Duty was laid on Carts of the above Description, of inferior Value and Convenience, and more proportioned to the Circumstances of their Owners, they conceive it would raise a much larger Sum to the Revenue of this Kingdom than what will be now raised under the pFefcnc very heavy Tax thereon, they therefore conceive it never was the Intention of the Legislature, when the last Tax on Carriages with Two or Three Wheels passed, that a Duty of £.3. 10 s.with the additional Ten per Cents thereon, should attach on Market Carts

-belonging to Farmers and Tradesmen, of such inferior Value as they generally are, and kept for their Convenience in Trade and Agriculture, or that such Carts should be assessed equally with the most costly and ele. gant Two-wheeled Chaises kept for Pleasure only, which Tax, in numberless Cafes, is more than equal to the Value of the Thing taxed: And therefore praying, That the House will take their Petition into Con-(ideration, and that the Petitioners, and others in their Situation, may be relieved from their present Grievance, in such Way and Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be " taken out by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties " upon Carriages to be built for Sale;" and also, of 5 so

3 5 Geo. III.

a 70 — 28°

561

so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates " and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four " Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His prefen: Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the Duties to be paid upon certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned.

Poor Removal The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Bill paired. Reading of the ingrossed Bill to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons- until they shall become actually chargeable;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-p".'Vd, That the said Bill be now read the Third

T ime;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word " now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon the First Day " of August next."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Pad of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Committee on

Acts itTptfU ino Du; 1 rs on cei tain Cat -ringes ogci:-

TC<J*

Tellers for the Yeas, 5 !^Ir' I Mr.

Tellers for the Noes,

f The Lord Sheffield,

| 8,.

Copy of General Myers'* Attidavu ordered.

Motion relating Peace, lupcricucd.

M r. Henry.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;'

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill do pass;

And a Dtbate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Morning

next;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons until they shall become actually charge- . able.

Ordered, That Mr. Hyde East do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a

Copy of an Affidavit made by Brigadier General

M)ere relative to Affairs in the Indies, and transmitted to One of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State,

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-pored, That it is the Opinion of this House, that the prefect Circumstances of France ought not to preclude

Resolved, That this House will, upon Juejday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by " Coachmakers, and also cerrain Duties upon Car-" riages to be built for Sale;" and also, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, *c An Act for ,c granting to His Majesty several additional Rates " and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four " Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act,

passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two " or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the Duties to be paid upon certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole t,e,erre<1* House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means defer* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after One of the Clock on T Morning,

adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

red.

Jovis, 2 8° die Maii;

Anno 35° Georgii III111 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

TDESOLFED, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

House resolve* to adjonrn to Monday.

Hopkins's Trustees the Inheritance of Lands at Painshill, passed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Bill for grant-the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds situate at jngto Mr, or near Painjhill, in the several Parishes of Cobham,

Walton, and Wiflcy,in the County of Surrey, to George Chamberlaine, F.squire, George Bond, Esquire,

One of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trulls declared by the Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, deceased, of and concerning his Estate at Painjhill aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds situate at cr near Painjhill, in the several Parishes of Cobham, Walton, and Wijley, in the County of Surrey, to George Cham

the Government of this Country from entertaining Esquire, George Bend, Esquire, One of His

PtepofiJs for a general Pacification; and that it is for Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Hayes, Ba-

the Incereft of Great Britain to make Peace with France, provided it can be elFefted on fair Terms, and in an honourable Manner;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for che Ycss, 5 Sf,h'

(Mr. JenhnJon:

Tellers for the Noes, g*;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. And the same being read accordingly; Vql. L.

|coi.

J 86.

roner, of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trusts declared by the Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, deceased, of and concerning his Estate at -bill aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Buller reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Levels Moilliet, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

7 D House,

Moilliet* Nat, Bill report*ed| and passed.

Lords

Amendments to Kclshall Inclosure Bill agiecd to.

Xoids

Amendment to Roplley and Hud.by Inclosure Bill agreed to*

Petition from IVIanchester a&ainst (He Friendly Societies Bill.

56i Mali. 1705.

House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Afor dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in

the County of Hertford.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followed; viz.

Pr. at. 1. 4. After " Death" insert ft Ceflioni " Resignation, or Removal."

I. 6. After " Parish " insert " he."

1. 13. After " Death" insert " Cession,

" Resignation, or Removal."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heaths, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of R and in the Liberties or Townships of Great Humby and the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 26. After "Execution" insert "which " shall be held after the First " Day of September next, pursuant to Notice as aforesaid."

'The said Amebdment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the Friendly Societies in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,was preferred to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully persuaded that the Bill relating to Friendly Societies, which is now under the Consideration of the House, will, if it becomes a Law, be extremely injurious to such Societies; The Petitioners conceive that any Interference whatever in the Conduction and Internal Government of such Societies is improper, but mtjre especially in the same of re-admitting into them such Members as may have voluntarily withdrawn themselves therefrom, and they are of Opinion that the Members of such Societies are the most competent Judges of who and what Manner of Persons are eligible to be re-admitted Members thereof; and the Petitioners beg Leave to intimate that, if Friendly Societies are not permitted to exercise such an essential Right as that of chusing, without Controul, their own Members, or if they are compelled to re-admit; without their Consent, those Persons who are the Objects of the prefenc Bill, the Privileges granted to such Societies by the Act made in a late Session of the present Parliament (a most grateful Sense of which is ltrongly impressed on the Minds of the Petitioners) will be violated, the Right of making and governing

by their own Laws infringed, the Peace and Harmony of their Meetings destroyed, their Burthens will be accumulated and become intolerable, and a Difiolu-tion of a great Number of those useful Institutions will be the inevitable Consequence: And therefore beseeching the House to refuse its Sanction to the afore-mentioned Bill, and thereby avert those Evils Which otherwise will ensue to the said Societies.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies," for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to other Institutions of a charitable Nature, is committed.

1

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Owners, Ship Builders, and others, employed in fitting out Ships and Vessels in the Port of London, was prer fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited^ the Importation of Goods from and China, and

othcV Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of J?n7r)fr-builr, nor registered as such, and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain, by the faifte Ships, under certain Restrictions; and Representing to the House their most serious Apprehension and Belief, that the said Bill, if the same should pass into a Law, would be subversive of the Principles of the Navigation Act, that grCat Bulwark and Support of the Commercial Interests of the State, and prove highly detrimental to the Carrying Trade of the Shipping of this Country, and consequently to the great Nurlery for Seatpen: That the Petitioners apprehend the said Bill is not founded in Necessity, they being able to prove that the East India Company might, at all Times*., have engaged, and can now engage, a full Supply of British-boWi Shipping, properly manned and equipped for their Service; and that many of the Petitioners and the very numerous Body of Shipwrights, Rope-makers, Sailinakers, Maftmakers, Anchor Smiths, and various other Artificers, concerned in building and fitting out Ships in the Port of have, for

a long Course of Years, looked up to, and depended on, the building and fitting out of Ships for the Service of the East India Company as the great Supporc of their respective Trades, and that Branch of Business hath been deservedly conficlered and acknowledged as the principal Nursery for Artificers capable oF building and fitting out Men of War, whenever the Exigencies of the State may make their Assistance needfary; that the greatest Part of the present Naval Force of this Country is the Work of such Artificers, and, at this Time, the Public Service is greatly assisted and promoted by those Men brought up and employed by such of the Petitioners, and others, as have, from Time to Time, built and fitted out Ships for the East India Trade; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Count'd, and Witnesses, again!! the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the iloufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, again!! the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

An

Petition from Merchants, Ship Owner* See, of London against the Bill for allowing the v Imputation ot Goods from India, See, in Ships not of British'buiie.

Bill for Prevention of ileftftive 'Weight!, See* passed*

Committee on Bill to amend

Insolvent Letters Act.

Wuboys In-

el of ure and Drainage B ill passed*

35 Geo. III. 28°

An ingrossed Bill Tor the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 8. To leave out from doubted" to " And " in 1. 16.

1. 16. To leave out from " right" to the End of the Clause.

Pr. 6. 1. 31. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " Provided" in Pi. y. 1. 26.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questiotj severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances.

Ordered, That Mr. 1-'chart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Walle Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of V/arb, in the County of

Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Lord. Viscount do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

> The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

1 A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Call of the House be further adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 5th Day of June next; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, 5 "r' ma‘ S,ml' ?

' ( Mr. Powys: !

iM r. Mich riel Angelo'

Taylor,

Mr. Howard: _

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

9Q.

34-

Call adjourn-

ed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act, passed in the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act *: lor the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House re*,. Ived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Tiic Mailer of the Rolls took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Mailer of the Rolls reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bili, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had diT redted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Huntingdon; and for repealing so much of an Act,

paflfcd in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, " and Commons, in the several Parishes of ** Jey, Bury, IViflow, liarlys, Somersham, Coke, and

Ridley with 1 enton, in the said County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of , and Dodding-

" ton, within the Jfte of Ely, in the County of Cam-

" bridgeas relates to the letting certain Lands there-

in mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23. 1. 8. To leave out " Sixth," and insert

" Seventh" instead thereof.

1. 10. After " Tillage" to insert " Meadow and Pasture" and after " Lands" to insert .* Gardens " and Orchards."

And the House being informed, by a Member present, That the Rector, and all the other Parties interested in the Bill, consented to the said Amendments;

The said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title te. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of Member*not Town, without Leave of the; House, Tow°n°witi£ut

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Leave! posed, That no Motion be made far such Leave, exa cept between the Hours of Four and Five of the Clock.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, lvfation for That Mr. Charles Torke have Leave to go into the Mr' YorJceta

cv ora into the

Country, for Three Weeks, on the Public Service;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

go into the Country.

Neg#

Tellers for the Yeas, { }

Tellers for the Noes, { "fW* \

So it passed in the Negative.

59*

Ordered, That Captain Berkeley have Leave of Leave of Aba Absence, he being ordered to repair on Board his fcilce*

Ship.

Ordered, That no Motion be made for Leave for a Time ap-Member to go out of Town, but between the Hours fo/

of Four and Five of the Clock. {STrfSb-

fence.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- General suant to their Order, , Myers's Affi-

Copy of General Myers's Affidavit.

And the Title of the said. Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Taper be printed, as shall be l'ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

davit presented.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common. Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Chapelry of Chattifiey, otherwise Chaceley, in the County of

Wcrcef.er; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

The Lords have agreed te

Chattifiey Incioiure Bill.

Luton, West-wood Gate.

and St. Al-bnn* Road» Bill.

P.rui£c*i S:c. BJ1.

KaHncflone

Winchef-

ter Roads Bill*

Aberdeen Roads Bill.

Bill for continuing Laitage and BallaAate Acts.

Little Sheffield, Spar row-pit Gatr, &c. Roads Bill.

Stokf upon Trent and N< wcaulc urdn Lyms Canal Biii.

Bill for augmenting the Corps of Artillery, &c.

Amendments to Conolly's, See, Partition Bill.

5 %

George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Luto in the County of ford, to West wood Gate, in the said County, and from

Luton to Saint Alban's, in the County of Hertfordi without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Adf for repairing the Damage done by the late Floods to certain Bridges, and to the Road near the Town of Dcncafcr, and for making the said Bridges and Road lufe and commodious for Travellers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Basingffne,near the Town of in the

Parish of Windefoam, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnbam,in the same County, and from

thence through Bentley, HolAlton, Ropley, Bif of'sSutton, New Air and

otherwise MatterleyLane, to the City of in

the County of Southampton ;without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen; without any Amendment: And ialfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Acts, passed for the better Regulation of Lrftage and Baliaftage in the River Thames; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and repealing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing anti widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Castleton, to Gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post near Barber's Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great [luck!czv, TidefwellHardgate-wall, and Fairfield,

to a House known by the Sign of The Angel, in Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for granting further and other Powers for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey,at or near Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Nez under Lyme, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring Men for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now serving in the Militia; and to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and reducing into One " Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England-," without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the Right honourable Thomas Conolly, Henry Vernon, Esquire, Leveson Esquire, and

Richard William Howard Vyfe, an Infant, of divers Ma-

nors,. Lands, and Hereditaments (heretofore the Estate of the Right honourable W Earl of Strafford, deceased) in the several Counties of Bedford, Northamp-

A. 1795.

ton, Suffolk, Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and the City of

London.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, East r»d;* which were presented to the House, upon the 17th Day k«Xu?1c-of April last, and the 8th Day of this Instant May, by counts refened Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 8th Day of June next, rciblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bin toprwtnt the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale, or other unlictnfctO Liquors, by Persons not duly licensed; and that Captain Berkeley and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, ordered, the fame.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Convention between Committee on His Majesty and the Emoeror, signed at , Mat t'onvennon

> 1 *, , _ ‘ . 0, ' with the Eut-

4tn, 1795; a!'(1 the Transiation thereof (which were pt.for. presented to the House, upon Friday last, by Mr. Secretary Dundas) be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to-con-ficler of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the Account of the different Sums of Account it-Money that have been paid to the Emperor, or the f«red. Commanders of His Imperial Majesty's Forces, at different Times, during the present War, together with the Dates of such Payments, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- pt;CTjjySo. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole cieties Bill de-House, upon the Bill for enlarging the Provisions ferred* of an Add, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies," for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to other Institutions of a charitable Nature;

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Hawtersant His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,

.28° Mail.

35 Geo. Ill

o

i Junti.

5^5

Bill com* muted.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amend-

An tngrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An 1House do,b delire ,he Conc"rre"cc »f ,heir Act for naturalizing Veter Soileau, was read a P *

Second Time.

Lume> i° Junii; ,

Anno 35* Georgia III*1' Regis, 1795*

Prayers.

K cltfnirt Sl a ct Bill preftntaK

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

r

Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Common Sewer in Bridge Street, Blackfriars, in the City of London, or making a new Sewer instead of a certain Part thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the fame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Minutes of the Com- Minute* of mittee appointed to enquire into the several Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the fending or receiving enquire into Letters and Parcels free from the Duty of Pottage, by Abuses r©-Clerks and others in Public Offices, entitled to fend or receive such Letters and Parcels, be laid before this House.

foecting Franki

ranking in Public Office* to be laid before the House.

Bill to MMad The House was moved, That the Petition of the

London fiuall ~

Debt*, &c.

Act* ordered.

An ingrafted Bill for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries, was read the Third Time.

An ingrotted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent Delays in Payment of the Bounties.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upotj the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Southern Whale Fishe* net Bill passed;

Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

London, in Common Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and eftfire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrotted Bill to amend an Act, made

Day appointed

for second Reading of Bill for allowing tl»c Importation of Goods hom India, &c. in Ship* not of British* built.

Bill to amend Info) vent Debtor* Act reported, and paifled*

Bill to amend Hawker* and the, Fi$» i,nlitulc? " An Act for the recovering of in the'Twenty"-ninth Yea7'of the" RVignof His pre- 35*' A*

" small Debts, and, for the relieving of poor Debtors in sent Majesty, for the better regulation of Hawkers,

London, and an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of pcdiars, and Petty Chapmen, be now read,

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, And the said Order being read accordingly;

to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act; and xhc said Bin was read the Xhird xime<

like wife for extending the Powers of the Court of An ingrotted Clause was offered to be added to the

Requests in the City of London, in and by the said gill, by Way of Ryder, for repealing so much of the.

Two several Acts continued and established: And that fald Act, as restrains Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty

Chapmen from felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize within a certain Dittance from any City or Market Town.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. IVigley, and Mr. Alderman Lushington,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Goods from India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclu-five Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of British-built, nor registered as such; and for the

Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Rdlriftions, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to remedy certain Omifllons in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. " An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors," was committed.

Tellers for the Yeas,

f Mr. ‘Thomas Stanley, 7 |Mr. Charles Long: y

91,

Tellers for the Noes,

tMr. Samuel Thornton,'

I Mr. Deni:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was brought up, and Thrice read $ and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Mr. Wigley accordingly reported from the said Com- Chapmen; and for repealing so much of the said Act

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. a. 1. 24. After " in" insert my." 1. 35. Leave out Day" and " Days."

1. 32. Leave out " any

' OL

L.

insert

and insert " my.'

as restrains them from felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, within a certain Dittance from any City or Market Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Anstruther, Solicitor General to His Royal

Highness the Prince of Wales, as Duke of Cornwall, acquainted the House, That the Prince of Wales, while the Question relative to His Establishment was under

7 E the

Mcffjgc from ihc Print* of Walts.

Inllruttion respecting the Prince of Wales's future Expenditure! &c. &c.

5 66 i° Jum 1795.

the Confederation of the House of Commons, had thought the proper Conduct for Him to' observe was to avoid expressing any Opinion or Wiffi upon the Subject; fully sensible that the Liberality and Wisdom of Parliament would make such Arrangements as should be belt suited to the Situation of His Affairs, the Dignity of the Royal Family, and the Interest of the Public: But having understood, that it was the Desire of many respectable Persons, that His Wilhes and Opinions upon the Subject should be known. His Royal Highness had authorized him to assure the House, That He is extremely desirous that such Regulations may be adopted, as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall seem most expedient and adviseable, for the Purpose of establishing Order and Regularity in the Expenditure of His Income, and to prevent the incurring of Debt in future. — And, at the same Time, His Royal Highness had authorized him further to express his earned Desire, that the House will appropriate such Part of the Income, which they may intend to allot to Him, to the Liquidation of the Debts with which He is embarrassed, as, under all the present Circumstances, shall seem to the Wisdom and Prudence of the House most expedient and adviseable; fully sensible that, however large that Appropriation may be, the House will be guided solely by the Consideration of what shall appear to them the most conducive to His Honour, and the Intcred of the Public.

A Motion was made, and the Quedion being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant a Yearly Sum or Sums of Money, out of the Consolidated Fund, towards providing for the Establishment of their Royal High-nelfes the Prince and Princess of , That they do make Provision in the said Bill for establishing a regular and punctual Order of Payment in the Prince's future Expenditure, and for guarding against His incurring Debts in future; and also, for appropriating a Proportion of the Prince's Annual Income, towards the gradual Discharge of the Incumbrances to'which FI is Royal Highness is now subject.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quedion, by inserting after the Words " against His" the Words " or any of the Royal Family's.",

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quedion, by leaving out the Words " and also, " for appropriating a Proportion of the Prince's Annual Income, towards the gradual Discharge of the " Incumbrances to which His Royal Highness is now

subject."

And the Quedion being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Quedion;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { }*66.

Tellers for the Noes, j 52.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Quedion being put, That it be an Indruftion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill /or enabling His Majesty to grant a Yearly Sum or Sums of Money, out of the Consolidated Fund, towards providing for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for establishing a regular and punctual Order of Payment in the Prince's future Expenditure, and for guarding against His incurring Debts in future; and also, for appropriating a Proportion of the Prince's Annual Income,towards the gradual Discharge of the Incumbrances to which His Royal Highness is now subject.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

[Mr. , 1

Mr. Whitbread, Ju- > 46. nior: , - J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of an Affidavit of Marie Jofepbe Roignan, together with a Copy of several Papers relating thereto; extracted from the Regiders of the supreme Council of Martinique.

And the Title of the said Paper "was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongd the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Copy of the Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor, signed at Vienna, May 4th, 1795 I a°d Translation thereof (which were presented to the House upon the 22d Day of May lad, by Mr. Secretary Dundas) be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill more effectually to prevent the dealing of Dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this.House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies," for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to other Inditutions of a charitable Nature.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis,

Marie Josephe Roignan'* Affidavit, See, p re ft n ted.

Report from Committee on Convention wilh the Emperor, deferred.

Bill to parent the dealing of dead Bodies, deferred.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Friendly Societies Bill deferred.

ReIftone Biulgj Bill

reported*

Bill to amend tendon small J)ebts, &c. Act % prelected.

Rovnl AflTc to Bill:,

35 Geo. III. 2° Junii. 567

Martts, 2° die Junii;

Anno 35® Georgii III*1* Regis, 1795. Prayers.

MR. Lygott reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge acrols " the River Severn near R, in the County of " Worcester, and for making proper Avenues and

" Roads to and from the same, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said " River at Redstone aforesaid," and for enabling thtf Trupees for executing the said Act to re-build the said Bridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Order of the House, of the ill Day of April last, directing Notices to be published Three Times in One of the Newspapers usually circulated in the County of and affixing the said Notice, for Seven Days, on the Door of the Town Hall of Worcester, had been complied with; and that

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe-verjl Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrolfcd.

Mr.'Alderman Andersonpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled " An Act " for the recovering of small Debts, and for the re-«« lieving of poor Debtors in ," and an Act

made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act; and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Referssd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A MefTage by Mr. Duarme, Yeoman Uffier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of , the Lord High

Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing Seafaring Men, for the Service of the Navy, out of the Private Men now serving in the Militia; and to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and reducing into One " Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia " in that Part of Great Britain called England:"

An Act for continuing several Acts, passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River 'Thames:

An Act for making and extending a Navigable Cut from the Town of Watford,in the County of Hertford, to th'e Town of Saint Alban, in the same County:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,-the several Acts, of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itcbin, in the County of , and for improving the Navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the Rates of Carriage, Riverage, and Wharfage, payable thereon: -

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the said County:

An Act for repairing the Damage done by the late Floods to certain Bridges, and to the Road, hear the Town of Doncaster,'and for making the said Bridges and Road safe and commodious for Travellers:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, paised in the Fourteenth and Twenty-fiith Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York:

An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Bnfingfione near the Town of in the Parish of

Windleffam, in the County of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same County, and from thence, through Bentley, Holly born, Alton, Chaw ton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley otherwise Matterley Lane, to the City of in the County of Southampton:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, paised in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to WestwoodGate, in the said County, and from Luton to Saint Alban's, in the County of Hertford:

An

Bill to cre& Burgh* of Ba» rony, &c. in Scotland^ committed.

Bill to remove Doubts in Excite Acts, ordered.

568 2 JuniL 1795.

An Act for continuing the Term, and repealing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign ofhislate Majesty the Second,

and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage, H, and Castleton, to rowpit Gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post near Barber's Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tideswell, and Fairfield, to a House known by the Sign of The Angel, in Buxton, in the County of Derby, and for grant, ing further and other Powers for that Purpose.

An Act to enable Patrick Murray Tbreipland, and the Heirs of Entail in the Lands and Estate of Barnhill, to exchange the said Lands and Estate of Barn-bill, lying in the County of Perth, for certain Parts of the Lands and Estate of Fingajk, lying within the said County of Perth, belonging to Stuart Tbreipland, of Fingajk, Physician in Edinburgh, in Life-rent, and the said Patrick Murray Tbreipland in Fee:

An Act for Sale of an Estate in the Parish of worth, in the County of Southampton, which has been purchased with a Legacy given by the Will of Richard Aldworth, Esquire, deceased, for certain charitable Purposes, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale, for the like Purposes:

An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Divifton between the Right honourable Thomas Conolly, Henry Vernon, Esquire, Leveson Ver-n.n, Esquire, and Richard William Howard Vyje, an Infant, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments (heretofore the Estate of the Right honourable William Earl of Strafford, deceased) in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Suffolk, Kent, ilejex, and the City of London:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Township, and Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Woodborough, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pak tures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish or Chapelry of Chattijlcy,otherwise in the County of Worcester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heaths, Wastes, and all other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ropjley, and in the Liberties or Town-Ihips of Great Humby and Little Humby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Keljball, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Moilliet,

A Bill to enable His Majesty, under certain Regulations, to erect independent Burghs of Barony, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and for removing, certain Difficulties as to the granting of Leases in Towns and Villages on the Fishing Coasts that Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove Doubts in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament resp^sting Duties of Excise: And that Mr.

Rose, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Refolded, That this House will, immediately, re- Committwo« solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of fine Orpanziord Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or s'1* Vessels, from any Country in Amity with His Majesty.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Cwnmitteew House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the Provi (ions of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly " Societies," for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to other Institutions of a charitable Nature, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordinglyj

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Blackburns took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackburn* reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made ieverak Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill respeaing enable Woolcombers to exercise Trades in any Town Wooiwmbcw or Place in Great Britain: And that Mr. Ryder, Mr. or"er,d* Rose, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnes have Leave to go into Lave of the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs. AWeoce.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas William Coke have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Gascoigns have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Coke have Leave of Absence, on Account of the Illness.of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Miller have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, on urgent private Affair^.

Ordered, That Sir Harry Neale have Leave to go infto the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That the Earl of Dalkeith have Leave of Absence, he being ordered to join his Regiment.

Ordered, That Mr. Wharton have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, on urgent Business.

Ordered, That Mr. Colhoun have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Admiral S\t Alan Gardner have Leave 9 of

35 Geo. III.

o ev *

i Junn.

5 *9

Lcit® of Absence*

of Absence, lie being ordered to repair on Board his Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures.

Ship. within the Manor and Parish of in the County

Ordered \That Mr. Philipps have Leave to go into of Derby; without any Amendment: Andalfo, the Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Great Pam* Ordered, That Mr. Brooke have Leave to go into the Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Arable BH/whh Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs. Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish Amendment*.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Torke have Leave to go of Great , in the County of Essex; with some

into the Country, for a Fortnight, on urgent Business. Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords de*

Ordered, That Mr. Allardycehave Leave to go into fire the Concurrence of this House: Andalfo,

The Lord* have agreed to

Grcystoke Inclosure Bill.

Owmhy Indo* sure Bill.

the Country, for Three Weeks, on urgent Affairs.

OrderedThat Lord Viscount Stop ford have Leave cf Absence, on Account of severe Indisposition.

Ordered, That Mr. Haynes have Leave of Absence, on Account of severe Indisposition.

Ordered, That Mr. Brandling have Leave of Absence, on Account of severe Indisposition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker, *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Wallc Grounds, within the Barony of in the County of Cumberland-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and indlofing the Open Common Fields, and such other Commonable Lands and Waste

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground called Moor, in the Township of Edgworth, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster j with an Amendment $ to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And, also,

The Lprds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Lordship or Liberty of Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the County of Stafford; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend so

Edgworth Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment,

Aldrich Inclosure Bill, with: an Amendment*

Poor Relief Bill deferred*

Grounds as are within, and solely belonging to, the much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign

Millhrooke inclosure Bill.

Ivelchester and

Lamport Navigation Bill.

Lordship of Owmby,in the Parish of Searby, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Millbrooke, in the County of Bedford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving and supporting the Navigation of the River h'el,otherwise Teo, from the Town of

of King George the First, intituled, An Act for " amending the Laws relating to the Settlement,

Employment, and Relief of the Poor," as prevents the distributing occasional Relief to Poor Persons in their own Houses, under certain Circumstances and in certain Cafes.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the the

Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, *« An Act for the " Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy;" and " for making further Provisions for those Purposes,"

better Encouragement of Seamen, ordered.

Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the Parish of Huish Episcopi, in the County of Somerset, and for making a Navigable Cue from thence into a certain Drain, called might be read.

Portlake Rhine, in the Parish of Langport, in the same And the same was read accordingly;

County, and for making the said Drain navigable from The House was also moved. That an Act, mac^e in thence to the River Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present

in the Town of Langport; without any Amendment: Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement

Raft Stoke and Flit on Ir.clo-

luic Bill*

Spitilegate, Houghton, and Walton, Inclosuie Bit).

Harhxfon inclosurc Bill.

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of East Stoke and Eljion, in the County of Nottingham, and for ascertaining the Boundaries between the said Parishes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Heaths, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberties of Spift.'egate, Houghton, and Walton, in the Parish of Grantham,in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the

*« of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual " Manning His Majesty's Navy," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ‘explain and amend the said Acts; and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's Navy: And that Sir William Scott and'Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House a Copy of the Affidavit of Mr. Mallefpine, now in the Office of One of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for establishing a more easy and expeditious Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages

Condcmthorpe Inclohue Bill*

Parish of Harlaxton,in the County of Lincoln; without and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's

Navy: And that Mr. Secretary Oundas and Mf. Chancellor of the Exchequer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Eckington Inclosure Bill.

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosirtg, the Open Fields, Pasture, Waste, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish or Lordship of Lon-dcuthorpe, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Motion for > Copy of Mr. Mallefpine's Affidavit. Neg.

Bill for establishing a more easy Method for Payment of Naval Officers Wages, ordered*

Act for Vol. L.

dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Boatswains, Gunners, and Carpenters, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families: And that Mr. Secretary and

7 F Mr.

Bill to enable Boatswains, &c. to allot Part of their Pay for Maintenance of their Families, ordered.

tjucftion previous Neg. foe an Address for mailing certain Proclamation* issued by Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervis*

Kefolutior.s respecting Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervi*

57°

20 — 50 Jun'ti. . A. 1795.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved, That the Copies of the several Proclamations and other Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 14th and 22d Days of May last, and Yesterday, by Mr. Secretary Dundas,

relating to the Conduct of Sir Charles and Sir John Jerots in the West India Islands, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, representing, that it appears to this House, that certain Proclamations were issued by Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervis, in the I Hand of Martinique, and dated May 10th and atft 1794, which this House conceives to contain Principles not warranted by the Laws of Nations, and of dangerous Precedent in all future Cafes of Hostility, and which have occasioned great Alarm and Dissatisfaction in His Majesty's Colonies; and therefore humbly praying His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to take such Measures for recalling the fame, and removing the Apprehenflons of His faithful Subjects, as to His Majesty shall seem good;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdtafaft.Y-.ftE}.7.

[Mr. Whitbread, Ju- 1 nior, I 67.

Mr. Sheridan: J

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Inhabitants of the French Islands not having availed themselves of the Proclamation of the ift of January 1794, the said Proclamation cannot be considered as having formed a general Rule for the Conduct of the Commanders of His Majesty's Forces, by Sea and Land, respecting the Persons and , Properties of the Inhabitants of those Islands;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Sir James St. Clair

Erjktne, > 64.

General J

Tellers for the Noes, \

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Proclamations of the 10th and 21st of May 1794 not having been carried into Effect, it s unnecessary for this House to give any Opinion thereupon; and that this House retains the cordial Sense which they have already expressed, in their Vote of the 20th o f May 1794, of the distinguished Merit and Services of Sir Charles Gref and Sir John Jervis in she Conquest of the French [(lands.

And an Objection being made, that the said Motion contained a complicated Question; the Motion was, by Consent of the House, divided into Two Questions, the First Part ending with the Words " to give any Opinion thereupon.*'

And the Question being put. That the Proclamations of the 10th and 21st of May 1794 not having been carried into Effect, it is unnecessary for this House to give any Opinion thereupon;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {co\ } 57-

Tellers for the Noes, «

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put. That this House retains the cordial Sense which they have already expressed, in their Vote of the 20th of 1794, of the distinguished Merit and Services of Sir Charles Grey and Sir John Jervis in the Conquest of the French Islands;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the P«"<* of House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal High- prefewed.' ness the Prince of Walts, during the Life of His Majesty, and of the Life of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision for the Payment of any Debts, that may be due from His Royal Highness, out of His Revenues; for preventing the contracting of the like Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues: And the same Yras received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And the House having continued to fit till after Two of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, Thac this House will, upon Friday Morn- Committee on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in certain Car-the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present d*" Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Ma- *"* *

jesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale;" and also, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates " and Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with Four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act,

passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the Duties to be paid upon certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 30 die Junii;

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

T^ESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling Housertfcim of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morn-

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LonUAmwd-Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, "onVinc?o-An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer- fare Bill tain Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called »g«ed». worth Moor, in the Township of Edgworth, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed); viz.

Pr. 40. 1.14. Leave out from " thereof," to And " in 1. 30.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

35 Geo. III.

3 Jumt.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stratton su

the Lordst and acquaint them, that this House hath Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ^8*rlt*In4 agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships. and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common c 0 ure '

Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands The House proceeded to take into Consideration the and Grounds, in the Parish of Stratton Saint Margarett,

Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, in the County of Wilts-, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for grant-Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands or Grounds fituare at or near Painjhill, Tru(U« *he in the several Parishes of Cobbam, and

in the County of Surrey, to George , Ef-

quire, George Bond, Esquire, One of His Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes, Baronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trusts declared by the Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, deceased, of and concerning his Estate at Painjhill aforesaid j with-

Lords Amend* merit to Aid*

BUlegrodw. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Lordship or Liberty of Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the County of Stafford.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed) j viz.

Pr. i. 1. 18. Leave out from Esquire" to And " in 1. 23.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry' the Bill to the Lords) and acquaint them, that this House hath out any Amendment: And also, agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships. The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made

by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to remedy Lord* Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the certain Omissions in an Act, paised in the last Session

Inheritance of Lands at PainftiilL

Pinldon?"* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, cWdreBiU* An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common agreed to Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Parndon, in the County of Essex.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth) viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 27.1 Leave out " of the Manor or Ma-

and I " nors wherein" and insert " en-28. J " titled to the Soil of."

I. 29. Leave out are situate."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question'severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Lords have agreed to

Expiring Laws bill.

(Excise.)

Bill for Inroll-tnenc of Deeds and Wills made by Pa* pi As.

Wroth ara Heath and Maiddone Road Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of British-mzdt Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to to continue so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bijhcp, George Bishop, and Angles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Geneva) and

to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twer.ty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; withouc any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Discharge Act. " of certain Insolvent Debtors:" And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Epworth, Haxey, Belton, and Qwston, in the Isle of Axbolme, in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. vi And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Davers have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Clevlarid have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs. '

Ordered, That Mr. Slater Milnes have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, for the Recovery of his Health.

Amendments to Bill to amend Infol-▼ent Debtors

Ep worth Haxey, &c. Inclosure and Drainage Bill,-with Amend* menu.

Leare of Absence*

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to tvoolcomSer* Order, a Bill to enable Woolcombers to exercise Bill ptefentetfi Trades in any Town or Place in Great Britain:. And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackburne, according to Order, reported from Friendly s®. ' c Committee of the whole House, to Whom the Bill j

the

for enlarging the Provisions of art Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement and " Relief of Friendly Societies," for morfc effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to othey Institu-tions of a charirable Nature, was committed, tho Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

rtperted*

Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Pow- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-

ers, of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from The Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham, in the County of and from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the Town of Maidstone, in the said County, and for making a Road from the said Road between Wrotham, And Maidstone into the present Turnpike Road leading from Mere-worth to Had low, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Ih at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b« ingrafted.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Bill to remove der, a Bill to remove Doubts in certain Acts of this Session presented.

57*

o cv

3 Jumi.

Session of Parliament respecting Duties of Excise: And the fiime was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for efta. Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing a more easy for Payment of and expeditious Method for the punftual and frequent Naval officers Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers be-fcnted*'P'e* longing to His Majesty's Navy: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Bill to enable Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, ac* Ic^ftTaiTt: Cording to Order, a Bill to enable Boatswains, Gun-

Part of their ners, and Carpenters, serving in His Majesty's Navy, tenancy ofa n* to a^ot ^art t^if Wages or Pay for the Mainte-tlicir Families, nance of their Wives and Families: And the same was pieicmed. received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Member added Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley be added to the Knarefbo- Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, loughporeft a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, or entitled to certain Rights and Privileges within the District, called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, on Behalf of thpm-ielves and other Owners of Lands, Rights, and Pri-

vileges, in the said District.

Knarefbo- Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord*

Bufpiefented. "inS to order> Bill for enlarging the Time, and reviving certain Powers, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reviving . " certain Powers granted by an Act, made in the " Tenth Year of the Reign of His. present Majesty,

" intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing such " of the Open Parts of the District called The " of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within " the Eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Pur-c poses therein mentionedj" and by an Act of the " Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for amend-_ " ing the said former Act, and for making the said

" Two Acts more effectual:" And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee on Re/olved, That this House will, immediately, resolve nn^rtation of itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Flax and Flax of permitting the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed, S:tJ* in any Ships or Vessels navigated with Foreign Mari-

ners, from any Country in Amity with His Majesty.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Report Refe- Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the

!ng°t"e'im.a* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was report.iu. nof ferred to consider of permitting the Importation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or 11 Vessels, from any Country in Amity with His Majesty,

the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to allow the Importation of fine

*795*

Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, from any Country in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put' thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said ' Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, hAr. Ro/e, and Mr.

Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in,-the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commiuec ort to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Burghs oTh*. upon the Bill to enable His Majesty, under certain rony° &c. m Regulations, to erect independent Burghs of Barony, Scolland* in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland -, and for -removing certain Difficulties as to the granting of Leases in Towns and Villages on the Fishing Coasts of that "Kingdom, be now read.

And' the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made ari Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Sc~ Piincc of cond Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince committed." of Wales, during the Life of His Majesty, and of the Life of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from His Royal Highness, out of His Revenues j for preventing the contracting of the like Debts in future;

and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided. *

The Noes went forth.

5°.

i9.

Tellers for the Yeas, j 1

I Sir John Honywood: J

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BH1.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Pnncefrof

House, according to Order, a Bill for the better ena-

bling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and pr*

certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess

of Wales, for the Term of Her Life: And the same *

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Ander/on presented to the House, ac- Bi'itnprotea cording to Order, a Bill more effectually to protest Merchants, Bankers, and others from the Depredations afsions of'* of their Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants: And the iivir citriu, same was received; and read the First Time. pri.iauJ.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr.

C-

35 Geo. III. 3° — 5° 7unii- 573

Report from Committee on convention with the Em* pt:or.

Motion for Account of Net Proceed* of the Dutchy of Cornwall, mibdiawo.

Supply de-

fen td#

Ways and Mean* defer-

ltd.

Proceeding* on Bill to prevent the dealing of dead Bod re*.

Mr. Hobart,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Copy of the Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor, signed at May 4th, 1795; and the Translation thereof (which were presented to the House, upon the 22d Day of May last, by Mr. Secretary,) the Resolution

which the Committee had directed him to report to the Housej which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth} viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of Four Millions Six Hundred thousand Pounds, on Account of the Emperor of Germany, conformably to the Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor, signed ac Vienna the 4th Day of May 1795.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

!Mr. Edward James 1 Eliot, [

Mr. Sargent: J

60.

Sargent:

Tellers for he Noes, {£ } 35-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Resolution was accordingly read a Second Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of MorningtonMr. , Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Motion was made, and the Question was propo-fed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Proceeds of the Dutchy of Cornwall, from the Birth of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, until the Income arising from the said Dutchy was paid to His Royal Highness.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill more effectually to prevent the stealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment;

A Motion was made, and the Question being propo-fed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word nOw" and at the End of the Question to add the Words upon this Day Three " Months."

Vol. L.

And the Question being proposed. That the Word *c now" stand part of the Question;

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker,' and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

V

Venerisy 50 die Junii;

Anno 35* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

FT'HE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting; inclosing, draining, and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the several rariflies of Haxey,

Belton, and Owston, in the Isle of; in the County of Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from certain other Lands within the said Parishes.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Lord* Amend* ments to Epworth, Haxey, &c» Inclosure and Drainage Bill agreed to.

Pr. 113.

viz.

1.

and

11 7

nd J

12. J

Clause (A).

u

u

After " aforesaid" insert Clauses (A) and (B).

And whereas, the several Persons " herein after named, that is " to say, Simon Killbam the " Younger, Sarah Anderson, ic Robert Batty, William,

" Robert Clark, Richard Wilki " Jon, Thomas Mo, and Simon k‘ Killham, the Younger, InTruft: for Samuel Varley, Thomas Moore, Elizabeth Curtis, John " Wat kin, Simon , George

" Keljey, Jonathan Mimmick, Jo Pilsworth, Elizabeth,

" Mary Thompson, Mary,

" Geoffrey Wroot, Samuel u Elijah Pilsworth, William Brown, John Wation, Edward Standage, John,

" Thomas Siffons, John Thomp-u Jon, Jonathan Crookes, John " Johnson, John , the

'* Younger, James Maw, Coggan " Hill, John Sampjon, for Amos " Cutforth, George Brock, George

" Kynman, Thomas Clough, William Smith, John,

" George Maud, for Abraham Egarr, Mary Storr, John Farr, John Holmes, William,

John Girdbam, Jonathan -« yard, Sarah Rimmington, George " Turner, Thomas,

William Curtis, Joseph - den, Richard West, Hannah Keljey, Joseph , John

u Belk, Richard Saul, In Trust,

and John Hall, claiming to be Owners of Ancient Messuages. Cottages, Tofts, or Toftsteads within the said several Parishes of,

7 G " ,

ct

(C

D ized by

574

5° Juuii.

" fiaxey, Mellon, and aforesaid, insist that the Right of Depasturing the said Commons and Waste Lands, be*

longs solely to the Owners of ,c ancient Common Right Mcf-" fuages. Cottages, Tofts, or " Toftsteads within the said *c several Parishes, exclusive of " all regard to Land; and that " such Right is not enlarged or «« affected by the Quantity or " Value of -the Lands and Grounds in the said Parishes " held therewith, of belonging to the Owners thereof; but the rest of the Persons in-»

*« terested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds *f insist) that although no Persons have a Right to depafture any Cattle upon the said " Commons and Waste Lands,

hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, without being «« also Owners of One or more ancient Common Right Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or " Toftsteads, in the said several " Parishes, or some or One of them, yet that the Owners " of such Messuages, Cottages,

" Tofts, or Toftsteads have " only a Right to departure " upon the said Commons and «« Waste Grounds so many Corn- monable Cattle as they can " respectively keep, in Winter,

on the Produce of their re- spedlive Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes, some " or One of them: Be it there-« fore further Enacted, That it " shall and may be lawful to and for the said several Per-« fons last before named, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons then lawfully " claiming under them, or any of thetrr, at any Time within Two Calendar Months from and after the Commission Day " of the now next Assizes for " the said County of Lincoln, to give Notice in Writing under *' their respective Hands, to the ,s said General Commissioners,

" or any Three of them, either " by Personal Service of such Notice or Notices, or by leav- ing the same at their respective usual Places of Abode,

of his, her, or their Intention uto have the said Question [re-.

" spedting the Right of depaf- turing the said Commons and u Waste Grounds determined *f by a Trial at Law, and there-< upon it shall and may be law-' ful for such of the Persons " last before named as shall " give such Notice, and those tf lawfully claiming under them,

«« to have the same determined " by a T rial at Law, upon art " Action to be brought in His

A 1795.

" Majesty's Court of Bench, in the Name or Names

" of any One or more of them,

<c on Behalf of all the Parties *« giving such Notice, and those " lawfully claiming under them,

" against any One or more Person or Persons being Owner " or Owners of ancient Common Right Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Toftsteads,

" and Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, ot " some or One of them, upon «« One or more feigned Issues,

" to be settled by the proper Officer of the said Court, if " the Parties shall differ about «f the fame; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Attion " shall, and is and are hereby " required, on being served with " Process in the said Action, " forthwith to give Notice there-of to the said General Commis-t( fioriers, or any Three of them, " and also to authorize such Attorney or Attornies as the said <c General Commissioners, orany *' Five of them, shall appoint, to " appear thereto, and accept a " Declaration, and plead to " I flue; and the Plaintiff" or " Plaintiffs shall thereupon proceed in such Atrtion, so as to *' have the same tried and determined at the Assizes to be " held for the County of Lincoln next after the giving of such " Notice; and the Verdi<51 thac " shall be given upon such Issue, " ifsatisfadtory to the said Court, and the Judgment of the said Court thereupon, shall b« cc final and conclusive; but if. «« such Verdict shall not be fatisfadlory to the Court, it " shall and may be lawful to <* and for the said -Court of " King's Bench to direct a new «c Trial to be had upon such tc Issue, at the next ensuing " Assizes for the said County " of Lincoln, or a Trial at the

Bar of the said Court, which <c Verdict shall be absolutely " final and conclusive upon all Parties; and in case a Verdidc of shall be found on such Trial " in favour of the Plaintiff or " Plaintiffs, then the Allotments to be made to the feve-€t ral Persons giving such Notice or Notices as aforesaid, and those lawfully claiming " under them, shall be increased (C from a proportionable Share " and Shares as before mentioned, in Right of their respective Common Right Messuages. Cottages, T°fts» or Toftsteads, of Seven Twelfth " Parts of the Residue of the «f said Commons and Waste Grounds in the said several Parishes, to such Propor-

tionabie

35 Geo. III. 50 Junii.

tionable Share and Shares of the Whole of such Residue " thereof} and the said several Special Commissioners hereinbefore named, shall accord-K ingly set out and allot unto the said several Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, ana " those lawfully claiming under «« them, in Proportion to the " Number of Common Right " Messuages, Cottages, Tofts*

*« or Toftsteads belonging to " them respectively, such Pareels of Land as shall be equal " to their respective Shares iri * the whole of the Residue of the said Commons and Waste " Grounds, hereby directed to " be divided and inclosed, in " like Manner as if the same were to be solely allotted to and amongst the Owners of such Common Right Mef-« fuages. Cottages, Tofts, or " Toftsteads } and the Lands so to be allotted to increase the «« Shares and Proportions of «« the Persons giving such No- tice, and those lawfully claim- ing under them, shall betaken " and deduced from the said Five Twelfth Parts of the Refidue of the whole of the said " Commons and Waste Grounds so directed to be fee out and allotted to the Owners of Lands or Grounds, being also Owners of Common " Right Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Toftsteads, within the said Parishes respectively, " and the Remainder only of " such Five Twelfth Parts shall tc be divided amongst such Owners of Lands or Grounds " as aforesaid; but in case a Verdict shall upon such Trial be found in favour of the Defendant or Defendants, then the said several Special Commissioners hereinbefore " named, shall set out and allot " unto the several Persons giving such Notice or Notices «« as aforesaid, and those lawfully claiming under them, " such Parcels of Land as shall, " in the Judgment of the said *c Commissioners, in such same " be a lair and adequate Satisfaction for their respective " Rights and Interests in the «« said Commons and Waste " Grounds, in Proportion to " the Extent of their respec-« tive Rights of depasturing the said Commons and Waste " Grounds, which shall be determined by such Verdict, in- stead of their respective Shares " of the said Seven Twelfth «« Parts thereof hereinbefore directed to be allotted to «« such Persons, as Owners of Common Right Messuages,

tc Cottages, Tofrs, or Toftsteads as aforesaid; and in l'uch " same as last mentioned, so much of the said -Seven '* Twelfth Parts as the said " Commissioners shall dedud ' " from the Shares or Allotments lt of the several Persons last- mentioned, shall be given to,

and proportionably divided % t amongst, such Owners of " Lands or Grounds as aforesaid tvirhin the said Parishes c< respectively; and in case no " such Notice shall be given within the Time before li- mited, or being given, if such *« Action shall not be brought " and proceeded in as afore-' " said, the Parties hereby au-

K thorized and empowered t6 " give such Notice, and bring " such Action as aforesaid, " shall be barred and precluded " therefrom, and the said several *« Special Commissioners shall set out and allot the Residue " of the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the " said Parishes respectively, in " such Manner, as if no such " Right of Trial had been " hereby allowed or authorized; " and in case the Verdict of the ,c Jury on the Trial of the said " Cause shall be given in favour " of the1 Plaintiff or Plaintiffs iri such Action, then the Costs " thereof shall be wholly paid. " by the Defendant or Defen* dants, but he and they shall be reimbursed the same by *r the said Commissioners, who " shall assess, levy, and raise the " same in the same Manner as " the Costs, Charges, arid Expences of obtaining and exe-" cuting this Act are hereby directed to be raised, borne, " and paid; and in case such * Verdict shall be given in favour of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, " then the Costs of such Action " shall be wholly paid to the Defendant or Defendants by " the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, u and those on whose Behalf ct the same Action shall be " brought; against all or any of n whom Process of Execution *« may be executed for such u Costs in like Manner as if «« they had been Parties in the Cause, although not named. " as Parties in the Action or " Process of Execution: Provided nevertheless, and it is *« hereby Enacted and declared, That no Person -or Persons, " except the Persons last before tf named, and who shall give such Notice or Notices as " aforesaid, and their respec-.«« tive Heirs and Aflighs, and <( those claiming under them, 4 shall

576

5° Junii.

J. 1795.

r* shall be permitted to try, or " to have or receive any Bene- fit or Advantage from any " Trial of the said Right of depafluring the said Commons and Waste Grounds to *c be had in pursuance of this Act; neither shall any of the ct said Personslaft before named,

*« and who shall give such No-" rice as aforesaid, or those " claiming under them, have or receive any Increase of " their respective Allotments under this Act, by Means or ** in Consequence of any such " Trial and Verdict as aforesaid, except only in respect of the Allotments to be made for such Common Right Mef-tc fuages. Cottages, Tofts, or <l Toftsteads as the said Persons " lad before named, and who shall " give such Notice, and those " claiming under them, were " lawfully feifcd of or entitled " to on the Twenty-fifth Day of March now last pad: Provided also, that in same upon *c such Trial a Verdict shall be given, in favour of the Plain-c tiff or Plaintiffs, the several " Persons lad before named, " and who shall give such Notice, and those claiming under them shall not, nor shall any *c of them be entitled to, or have " or receive any Allotment or " Allotments whatsoever from or out of the said Commons *f and Waste Grounds, for or " in respect of any Lands or " Grounds belonging to them respectively within the said " several Parishes of Epworth, " HaxeyBelton, and Owfton, or

" any of them.

Clause (B). *« And be it furtherEnafted, That " if any of the Parties, Plaintiffs, or Defendants in any Action " to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not " abate by reason thereof, but " shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had hap-« pcncd."

Pr. 114. 1* 1 After 4t notwithstanding " insert

1 a.j Clause(C).

Clause (C). " And be it further Enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any " Person or Persons after the passing of this Act, to dig, make use, or employ any Pits " or Ponds, within any Allot-ct ment to be made from the Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds hereby intended " to be divided and inclosed, " for the Purpose of rating or " deeping any Hemp, Line, or " Flax therein, at a less Distance than Half a Mile from " any Public Highway."

Pr. 122. 1* 33 7 Leave out " or the said Charles

34-J " Pierrep

Pr. 123. 1. 2. After " W insert " and."

1. 3. . Leave out " and,

1. 6. After " Grounds" insert " within " the said Manors of Epworth,

" Westwood, and Haxey Hall " Garth."

1.13. Leave ouc " said" and insert

" fame."

1.26. Leave out " said" and insert

" fame."

1. 28. After " Grounds " insert " within " the fame."

Pr. 124. I.14. Leave out from *f being" to " either" in 1. 17.

1. 24. After " Grounds" insert " within " the said Manors of '* West wood, and Haxey Hall " Garth.'*

I.37. After " Westwood" insert " and" and in the same Line leave out " and Crowle."

Pr. 125. I.29. Leave out " said" and insert

" fame."

1.39. Leave out " said " and insert

fame."

1.ult. After " Manors" insert " of " Epworth, Westwood, and Haxey " Hall Garth."

Pr. 126. 1. 17. After Manors" insert " of

t(Epworth, and Haxey

" Hall Garth."

1.30. Leave out said " and insert

" fame."

1 Leave out <e and the said Charles

"dj " PUr

1.39. Leave out " and not to the

" Whole."

1.ult. After " Commons" insert " lying within the said Manors of " Epworth, Westwood, and Haxey Hall Garth."

Pr. 127. 1. 6. Leave out " said" and insert

fame."

1. ii. After " only " insert<c within the " same Manors."

1.13. Leave out " said" and insert

" fame."

1.26. Leave out " said" and insert

" fame."

Pr. 129. I.20. After " Party" insert cc and all " such Cods as shall become payable by the Defendants to " the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

" in consequence of any such Trial, shall be paid by the said Lord Carteret and Joseph Morris respectively, and their " respective Heirs, Executors,

" Administrators, and Assigns,

" according and in Proportion to the Value of the Allotments to be made to them " for their Manerial Rights,

" such Proportions to be settled,

" ascertained, and determined " by the said General CommisGoners."

Pr. 130. 1.22. After " Lords" insert " of the " said Manors of c* wood, and Haxey Hall Garth"

And the House being informed. That the several

Parties

<r

cc

BlackCn'i'S Sc*cr Bill coimiiiuid.

Member added to bring in Bill to pie-vent unlicensed Per Ton* filing Alc,&c*

House rcfolrrt Vo aojt m n to Monday*

V

B»ll to remove Doubt* in Ex-cde

umicictcti.

Wnrebonfie Rmi on Fort ign \V me, &c. to be con-dilrred.

Instiu^ion,

Bill relating to tanned Hides 2nd Skm» or-dried.

A Si for re*

pealing Stamp Duties on certain Policies of Inliirance to be considered.

Committee on Drawback upon the Expectation of

Chr*a Ware,

35 Geo. III.

o cv

5 Junu.

577

Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-Ihips.

A Bill for repairing the Common Sewer in Bridge Street, Blackfriars, in the City of , or making a

new Sewer inllead of a certain Part thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir JVatkin Lewes, Mr. Alderman Curtis, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale, or other Liquors, by Persons not duly licensed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Bill to remove Doubts in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament respecting Duties of Excise, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of die whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of charging Warehouse Rent on Foreign Wine, Coffee, and Cocoa, imported into this Kingdom in certain Cafes.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of equalizing the Drawback on Foreign Wines exported to China and the British Settlements in the East Indies.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to declare that Hides and Skins, tanned by a new Method, shall be deemed tanned Hides and Skins within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain: And that Mr. Rcfe, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually. " carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the " Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper* " and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies " for insuring Property.in any Foreign Kingdom or " State from Loss by Fire," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole. House, to consider of fp much of the said Act as repeals certain Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property in any ForeignJCingdom from Loss by Fire.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting further Time for allowing the Draw-Vo h.L.

back upon the Exportation of China Ware, imported by the EafiIndia Company.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reporced frdm the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Chi Ware, imported by the East India Company before the iff Day of April

17 95*

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill ordered; for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of China Ware, imported by the East India Company before the iff Day of April 1795:

And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare,-and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the of Hempsuia Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to Fla*

continue and render more effectual an Act, passed ,c in the Twenty-first Year of . His Majesty's Reign,

" for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and " Flax, in that Part of Great Britain called England."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report R«J"o-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- ing°the*im^" ferred to consider of permitting the Importation of portation of . Flax, and Flax Seed, in any Ships or Vessels navigated Fj£* and Flax with Foreign Mariners, from any Country in Amity with His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House* which he-read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and -is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is expedient to allow the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed, in any Ships or Vessels navigated with Foreign Mariners, from any Country in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited.

The said. Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. , .

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution, which, upon Wednesday - Jaft, was reported from the Committee of the whole ' House, to whom it was referred to consider of permitting the I mportation of fine Organzined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, from any Country in Amity with His Majesty, and was then agreed to by House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

7 H Ordered,

578

5° Junii.

A.

*795

Committee on At\s respect-ing Duties on certain Carriages.

cc

Leave of Ab-fcnee.

Call discharg* ed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, tr An Act for granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coach-tc makers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale;'* and also, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels i and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the Duties to be paid upon certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rous took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker'resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rous reported from thi Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Buncombe have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, on his private Affairs.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Order be discharged

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

TelleVs fur the Yeas,

!Mr. Michael Angela ~i

'fay lor, >182.

Mr. Grey: j

Address for crcfting Mo-nuraent to the Memory of Genetml Duck da«.

Tellers for the Noes, $ $Jr. *botBSS SiarJV> I 63

I Mr. Buxto} *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Cathedral Church of Paul's, London, to the Memory of Major General

mas Dundas , as a Testimony of the grateful Sense entertained by this House of the eminent Services which he rendered to his Country, particularly in the Reduction of the French West India I Hands, and which occasioned a gross Insult to his Remains in the Istand of Cuadaloupe.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as arc of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Account* ptt-House, by His Majesty's Command, fented‘

An Account of the several Sums paid from the Re- Sum* pud venues of the Dutchy of Cornwall, during the Minority of His Royal Highness the Prince of , in Dutchy of pursuance of His Majesty's Warrants, countersigned Cornwall, by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; with the Dates of such Warrants: And also, Abstr*a«f

A Paper, intituled, Abstract of Debts due by His Prin.CT<*

« Royal Highness the Prince of Wales:" And also, w«ta-.Dcta.

An Account of the Application of the Sum of Application of £,25,000, for compleating Carlton House.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were carttoaHouse. read.

The said Accounts and Paper are as followeth i viz.

An ACCOUNT of the several Sums paid from the Revenues of the Dutchy of Cornwall, during the Minority of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in pursuance of His Majesty's Warrants, countersigned by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; with the Dates of such Warrants.

21st July - 1763 21st May - 1765 aift July - 1766 8th July - 1768 17th April 1769 6 th April - 1770

3d April - 1771 16th April 177 a 33d May - 1773 4th August 1774 34th April 1775 17 th April

39th May - 1777 16th April 1778 16th April 1779

26th June- 1780 21st May - 1781 25th March 1782 7th May - 1783

20.000 -

16,478 11 2

12,500 — —

11.000 — —

17.000 — — 8,700 — —

13.000 — — 12,800 — —

8,000 — —

12.000 — —

12,950 ——

9>7ao ——

15,964 ——

6,640 — — 8,603 — . — 15,70° — —

8,658 ——

12,051 — —

£ 2j.w764 11 2

ABSTRACT

35 Geo. III.

5* JuH

*>19

ABSTRACT of Debts due by His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

— *

Debts on various Securities, and carrying an Interest ' — — —

Amount of Tradesmen's Bills, &c. unpaid — — —

Tradesmen's Bills, and Arrears of Establishment, from 10th October 1794 to 5th /fpril 1795 — —

500,571 19 1

86,745 — —

5*573 5 3 „

£639,890 4 4

His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

ACCOUNT of the Application of the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds for compleating

Carlton

For Work done under the Inspection of Mr. Hol, and Furniture for the principal Apartments, &c. — — — — . 18,956 — —

By Estimate, for building a new Bed Chamber, Drelfing Room, and Conveniences on the principal Floor j for furnishing the same j and for Work to compleat the Stables and Offices out of Doors — — — 6,044 — —

£. 05,000 ——

18th May 1795.

Ordered, That the First of the said Accounts, and ilfo the said Paper, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of , during the Life of His Majesty, and of the Life of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from His Royal Highness, out of His Revenues; for preventing the contrasting of the like Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues, is committed.

Ordered, That the other of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

inihuAion to Ordered', That it be an Instruction to the Committee Prince of'' °n w *c House, to whom the Bill for enabling

wTies An- His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal High-

muty, &c. ness the Prince of Wale, during the Life of His Majesty, and of the Life of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from His Royal Highness, out of His Revenues; for preventing the contrasting of the like

Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for the Appropriation of an Annual Sum out of the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown, during the Life of His Royal Highness, for the Liquidation of such of the Debts, now owing by His Royal Highness, as may remain unpaid on the Demise of the Crown,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider of providing for the Appropriation of an Annual Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Liquidation of such of the Debts, now owing by His Royal Highness the Prince of , as may remain unpaid, in the Event of the Decease of His Royal Highness;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, after the Words " Consolidated " Fund," these Words, " provided it shall appear to this House, upon due Investigation of the Subject, " that the Means of paying the said Annuity, or Parc thereof, or of His Royal Highness's Debts, cannot be

Provision re-jpecting the Liquidation of the Prince of Wales's Debts to be considered.

5° — 8° Junii. 1795.

be derived either from His Majesty's Civil List, or " from the Suppression of Sinecure Offices and (Jfelcfs Places now paid by the Public."

And the Question being proposed, That those words be there inserted;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the nth Day of July 1721, of H is Majesty's most Gracious Malfage to this House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

The said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of providing for the Appropriation of an Annual Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Liquidation of such of the Debts, now owing by His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as may remain unpaid, in the Event of the Decease of His Royal Highness;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Td,„sfortKeY - . } ,4S.

{Mr. ~j

Mr. , Ju- > 93.

nior: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

pnn« ot Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

w,'etto resolve itself into a Corinmittee of the whole House,

nuiiyi uc.oul.

deferred. upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness-the Prince of Wales, during the Life of His Majesty, and of the Life of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from His Royal Highness, out of His Revenues; for preventing ' the contracting of the like Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,) Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Princrf« of Ordered, That the Cfrder of the Day, for the Second tureBiUde* Reading of the Bill for the better enabling His Ma-fclttd! jesty to make Provision fora fore and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess of , for the Term of Her Life, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Motion re. A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-ii»e.3inga fur- posed, That a Proposition having been made to this incomeTo the House, in consequence of a Message from His Ma-Princeof jesty, for a further Increase of Income to His Royal Reduction *of Highness the Prince of , this House think it uiciefs Placet, their Duty to consider how far that Object may be ob-&c. lupcifed- tained, without any additional Burthen to the Public, c ' by the Reduction of useless Places and unnecessary

Expences.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T«ll« for ,hC Yeas, .}*

Tillers for the Noes, j CofonTmUlanJ: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House, having continued to lit till after One of the Clock on Saturday Morning, accordingly adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Luties, 8° die junii;

Anno 350 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

SIR William Dolben reported from the Committee, Rawnithorpe to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Bl11

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, wijhin the Parish of in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, except that the last of the Notices was not given until the 19th Day of owing to the Person, who attended upon the 21st and 28th of September last to put up the said Notice, being obstructed from so doing; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Proprietor of One Yard Land and a Quarter, who refused to give his Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, consists of 20 Yard Lands and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to Re.commiited whom the Bill for widening and improving the En- Bill for widen-trance into the City of London near Temple Bar; for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snotv j>i* Bar and Hill, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans s^dH,lite' Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, was re- . committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House!

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for enlarging the Time> and reviving certain Knarelbo. Powers, granted by an Act of Airliament, made in ^18^>rlft the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present muted0."1* Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reviving certain Powers, granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open " Parts of the District called The For eft of Knares- borough, in the County of York, as lie within the " Eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes *« therein mentioned and by an Act of the Four- teenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for amending 4< the said former Act, and for making the said Two Acts more effectual," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tho-, mas Stanley, Sir Charles Bunbury, See.: And they are 4 to

35 Geo. III. 8 ° Junii.581

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to amend A Bill to amend, explain, and render more effec- % £?£* tual, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of A«»,'com- King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the remitted. covering of small Debts, and for the relieving of poor

Debtors in London," and an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act; and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of in and

by the said Two several Acts continued and established, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Watktn Lewes, Mr. Alderman , &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

selling Ale, and other Liquors, by Persons not duly licensed: And the same was received; and read the FirllTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To -morrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to declare that Hides and Skins, tanned by a new Method, shall be deemed tanned Hides and Skins within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties of F.xcise on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill relating to tarred Hides and bkins pie-fentai.

Rot Hon* An ingrafted Bill for amending an Act, passed in

Bru1Re ®'11 the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-M"‘ jesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn near in the County of

" ll'orcester, and for making proper Avenues and " Roads to and from the same, and for making Satis-" faction to the Proprietors of a Ferry acrols the said " River at Redstone aforesaid;" and for enabling the Trustees for executing the said Act to re-build the said Bridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge across the " River Severn near , in the County of Wor-

cejfer, and for making proper Avenues and Roads " to and from the same, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River " at Redstone aforesaid and for enabling the Trustees for executing the said Act to re-build the said Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rill to Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Burgh* cfBa- the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Ma-w rony, tcc. in jesty, under certain Regulations, to erect independent ported. 'r*' Burghs of Barony, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for removing certain Difficulties as to the granting of Leases in Towns and Villages ou the Fishing Coasts of that Kingdom, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Bin for per- Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to

mining the Order, a Bill for permitting the Importation of Organ-

Organzined ° zined Thrown Silk, Flax, and :Flax Seed, into this Silt,flax, and Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any King-prefcnud!' dom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

unUccnccdVent Mr. Hobart preferred to the House, according to

Person. felling Order, a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of

Ale, &c. pre- Vm T

feuted. V01*

Mr. IJobartpresented to the House, according to China Ware

Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for the Pay- Kl11

ment of the Drawback on China Ware, imported by the East India Company before the ift Day of April 1795: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report on Afl Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty- h-mp and sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- Fiax* tituled, " An Act to continue and render more effec-

tual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the " Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Part of Great Britain called England," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of " the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Part of " Great Britain called England," be continued, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Roje, and Mr.

Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill more effectually to prevent Bill k> prerent the Healing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Bury- jjk*dft£od"£ of ing Grounds, or other Places of Interment, be read deterred, a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for allowing, for a Time to Bill for alJow-be limited, the Importation of Goods from India and inR ,h.e Im-China, and other Parts within the Limits of the ex- Go'dsVrom elusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not India, &c. of British-bu\\t, nor registered as such; and for the Ex- ") British-"01 portation of Goods from Great Britain by the same built, deterred. Ships, under certain Restrictions, be read a Second Time upon 'Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second BiHtoprotca Reading of the Bill more effectually to protest Merchants, Bankers, and others, from the Depredations

datiens of

J of their Clciks,

' committed.


81 Junii. A. 1795*

bill for repealing addU tional Duties on Stage Coaclic* de-fessed.

Report on Arts refueling Duties on certain Carnages.

of their Clerks, Apprentices, a ml Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, pa/Ted in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for gVanting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels; '* and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far " as relates to certain Carriages with '1'wo or Three " Wheels therein mentioned," as relates tO the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels used as Stage Coaches.

Sir John Rous, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confiuer of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by " Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages " to be built for Sale and also, of so much of an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to " H is Majesty several additional Rates and Duties " upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels; and " for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the «c Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as <* relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the Duties to be paid upon certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to reporc to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Carriages with less than Four Wheels, so far as relates to Carriages used in the Affairs of Husbandry, or for carrying Goods from Place to Place in the Way of Trade, or occasionally for the Conveyance of Persons, and which shall be constructed wholly of Wood and Iron without any covering, other than a tilted one, or lining, and without Springs, and which shall have the Words " A Taxed Cart," and also the Owner's Name and Place of Abode* thereon, and the first Price of which when new, together with the Price of any fublcquenc Alterations or Additions, Repairs excepted, shall not have exceeded the Sum of Twelve Pounds Sterling, do ceale and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for and upon every such Carriage, with less than Four Wheels, and drawn by One Horse, and no more, there Avail be charged the Annual Duty of Ten Shillings.

Refcked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Ten Pounds Centum be charged on the p.ross Amount of the said Annual Duty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Qudlion icverally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole 1 louie, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several '* additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels; and for explaining and " amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year " of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain " Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels used as Stage Coaches, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Prcvilion in the said Bill, t'O exempt any Horse drawing such Cart, on which the said Duty of Ten Shillings is intended to be imposed, fiont any Duty whatsoever on Account of drawing such Cart.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, Billtoremove upon the Bill to remove Dovibts in certain Acts of rifeAfh"FX this Session of Parliament, respecting Duties of Excise* be now read.

Ants the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee'.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to reporc, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Aflforrrgu-Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allow- Drawback,

" ance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty &c. onExporon the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting "o°becoiithe Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the lideieii.

" hama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships," might be read.

And the (lime being read accordingly;

Rejclved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Rcjoked, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee of itself inro a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- 'eans‘ ply granted to His Majesty.

- The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Il'eJi.efday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of che whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee of itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Sv!i>ply. fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The

35 Geo. III. 8° Junii,

The House accordingly rtfolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee on Ordered', That the Order of the Day, for the House Wsrehonfe to rt-f°lvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, Kent on i'o- to consider of charging Warehouse Rent on Foreign reign Wine, Wine, ColTef, and Cocoa, imported into this Kingdom *c* in certain Cafes, lie now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Committit on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rcf°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Duties on ccr.

to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-tain Policies of sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-nimanct. tuled, " An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the Duties on " Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for " repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for infuring Property in any Foreign Kingdom or State " from Loss by Fire," as repeals certain Stamp Duties oh Policies for insuring Property in any Foreign Kingdom from Loss by Fire, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mrk Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Comrr.ittrr re- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wtfin* the to rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Prince "off to consider of providing for the Appropriation of an Wales's Debts. Annual Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Liquidation of Inch of the Debts, now owing by His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as may remain unpaid, in the Event of the Deceasc oF His Royal Highness, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Towrpend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townjkcnd reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

M r. CharlesTownjhend accordingly reported from reported, the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision be made for die Appropriation of an Annual Sum of £. 65,000, out of the Consolidated Fund, towards the Liquidation of such Part of the Debts, now owing by f tis Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as may remain unpaid, in the.Event of the Deceasc of His Royal Flighness.

The said Resolution beinc read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee lBHruftion. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the Life of His Majesty, and of the Life of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision for the Payment of any Debts, that may be due from His Royal Highness, out of His Revenues; for preventing the contracting of the like Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for appropriating a certain Yearly Sum, out of the Revenues arising from the Dutchy of towards the Liquidation of the Debcs of His said Royal Highness;

The House was moved. That His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this House, of the 27th Day of Hpril last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words,

" during such Term as His Majesty, or as His Royal " Highness, may continue to be interested in the Revenues of the said Dutchy."

And the Question being put; That those Words be there added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instru£Von, mittee, That they h ive Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for appropriating a certain Yearly Sum, out of the Revenues arising from the Dutchy of -wall, towards the Liquidation of the Debts of His said Royal Highness, during such Term as His Majesty, or as His Royal Highness, may continue to be interested in the Revenues of the said Dutchy.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion for That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they Have Power to make Provision in the said Neg. Bill, for appropriating a cercain Part of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues towards the Liquidation of the Debts of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in case of the FI vent of the Death of His Royal Highness before the Demise of the Crown;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

SMr. Whitbread,

Junior,

Mr. La mb ton:

SMr. Edward James 1 Eliot, > 96.

M r. John Smyth; J

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered,

Report in 1791 referred.

Committee on Prince cf Wiles Annuity, &c.

Emperor's Loan Bill prefen ted*

Princess of Walts Jointure Bill committed*

B.ll for efta-

blilhinsr a

n.orc e:.ly Ic-

thrcl fur p-iv-

«; *nt ct Nival <fihccj s W.1^1, com-Hiltted.

8° — 90 — 16° Jmii.

A. 1795.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 8th Day of June 1791, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire respecting the Application of the Money voted for the Additions to, and the furnishing of, Carlton House, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Mis Royal Highness the Prince of [Cedes during the Life of His Majesty, and of the Life of H is said Royal Highness'; for making Provision for the Payment cf any Debts, thac may be due from His Royal Highncls, out of His Revenues; for preventing the contracting of the like Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pur, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T^so,.herCas,{^» }U7.

T Mr. Sheridan, 1

Tellers for the Noes, Mr. Whitbread, > 36.

i Junior: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself inco the Lid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Town fa end took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Lownjbend reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fie again'.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

'Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of Four Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany: And the same was received; and read the Eirlt Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to enable Boatfv/ains, Gunners, and Carpenters, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to alloc Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Thac the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoked, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to fnaric Boatlwaim,

See. to aiint Part of tlvrir Pay for Maintenance of

their Finiiliss, con.mii.cJ.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill for Relief

Yor the Relief of Persons detained in Gaol for want of („'dt' Bail, in certain Cafes: And that Mr. Roje, Mr. want of Bail hart, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and or Jcrei1-bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill for allow-for allowing further Time for Persons to take out Cer- xfme retake tificates for using or. wearing Hair Powder, in pur- out Hairp0w-Yuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a ordered*

" Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder and also further Time for the Adineafurement and Registering of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in pursuance of another Act of the same Session, intituled,

" An Act for requiring all Boats, Barges;, and other <l Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable " Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain,

" to be reoiltered^" And thac Mr. Hobart,

and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read

Resolved, That this Eloiile will, upon this Day Se- Committwoo vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers Revenue Ac-which were presented to the House, upon the 17th Day of Aprilyand the 8th Day of May last, by Mr.

Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 9°;

Anno 350 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess of for the

Terrh of Her Life, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refched, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill fer establishing a more easy and expeditious Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, rtfoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

P It A V E RS.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. House *d-Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were i°urned-not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 10° die Junii; Anno 350 Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1795.

Pr AYERS.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Graves, The Lords and Mr. Leeds: luveacttxJ 10

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tha-n-s snd Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act,

§ passed

35 Geo. III.

io° Junii.

585

passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two A (fts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving '* and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifts, from the City of , to the

Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers from the " Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of,

" near Staines, in the County of to the said

" Town of Crickladeand for extending and enlarg-

ing the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in the

agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Vyner, Junior, reported from the Committee, to Spaljin* High whom the Bill to enable the Trustees for executing an B?n„ ,

Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His "ported* 1 present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands lying in the severalParishesof«5,/>tfW/#j'(including the Hamlets of " Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whap lode,

" beach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint , and Sutton v

" Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland,

rr ... , . in the County of to support and repair

Eleventh nd F.fKtnth Years of ,te Reign of His fa,d ctrtain Bank cx{endi from s Br[d to

present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the irn- in the ifid Coont>. and to amend and

nrnutnnr n nrl rnmnl^rmrr rh>» IV amo-irmn a! rh f nn J J

Southern Whale Fishe-rics Bill.

Bill to amend Hawker* and Pedlars Act.

Bill for re collating The shipping ot Slates*

Warboy* Tn-cJoTure and Drainage Bill, with Amend-mt stt*

proving and completing of the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of to the Town

of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have‘agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made iit the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen; and for repealing so much of the said Act as restrains them from felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, within a certain Distance from any City or Market Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the Manor and

repair the Road thereupon; and for compounding with the Creditors under an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and keeping in Repair the said Road, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The petition from Grand Junction Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing the 1 " r Common Sewer in Bridge Street, Blackfriars, in the City of London,or making a new Sewer instead of a certain Part thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing

Junction Canal Company agaifeft Black-friars Sewer Bill.

Parish of Warboys, in the County of Huntingdon, with the fame; and Setting forth. That the said Bill con-

Lon!* Amendment* to War-hoy* Inrlofuie and Dminage Bill, agietd to.

some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 24. 1. 12. Leave out any Lands or."

After " inclosed " insert *' fuffiefent to compensate for the " Tythes of such ancient Inclosures and Wood Lands." After " inclosed" insert " fuflicient to compensate for the " Tythes of such ancient Inclosures and Wood Lands."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second

viz.

1. 12. 1. 14.

1. 21.

tains a Clause subjecting all the Ground on the North Side of the River Thames, inclpfed and embanked by virtue of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, and all Houses and other Buildings erected* or which may be erected thereon, to the Payment of certain Rates and Assessments, created and made payable by certain Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty, for defraying the Expences of divers Public Works within the said City and the Liberties thereof; and that the Petitioners have purchased a Lease, of which a long Term of Years is now unexpired, of a Wharf within the Rre-cinft of Whitefriars, within the said City, a considerable Part of which is formed by an Embankment from the River Thames, made by virtue of the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, and, when they purchased the said Lease, they were induced to Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- give an extraordinary Consideration in Consequence upon, agreed to by the House. ~

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Hinchinglrook do carry the Bill to the'Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Boileau'i Nat, Bill reported, and passed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Boileau, was committed;

of such Part of the said W'harf, as is formed by such Embankment as aforesaid, being exempt from the Payment of all Takes and Assessments whatsoever by virtue of the said last mentioned Act; and that the said Wharf has no Connection whatsoever with the said Common Sewer in Bridge Street, and will not receive any Benefit by the repairing thereof, nevertheless the said Bill-subjects the Petitioners to Contribute not only towards the maintaining and cleansing the

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of said Sewer, but also to the paving, cleansing, and light-

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to Vol. L.

ing of the said City and Liberties thereof, and divers other Public Works within the same, and which, as the Petitioners conceive, have no Relation to the pro-sessed Object of the said Bill, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against so much of the said Bill as may affect the Petitioners,

7 K ai»d

586 10° Junii. 1795.

and may have such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fir.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

petition re- A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Pe-»UM otS«fu- t,tlon of the several other Persons, whose Names are lure Applica* thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and e»u BrinTtnd ot^ers» interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, Kin£'t Lynn in the County of Norfolk, and Owners of Lands lying Damage Act. jn> and adjoining to, the Middle and South Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and of the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, and in divers other Lands adjoining, or near to, the said River Ouze, and draining through the same to Sea, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act hath lately passed for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford , and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, and also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River , in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place called Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenh Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preferring the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River and that by the said Act several important Works are directed to be done by Commissioners therein mentioned, which Works are necessary for the Relief, Prc-servation, and Improvement, of the Great Level of the Fens, of the Lands adjoining thereto, and of the Navigations passing through the fame, and will be attended with a very heavy Expence, towards the defraying of which the said Commissioners are enabled to raise a Sum of near f. 80,000, by and upon the Credit of a certain Tax and Tonnage for and during a Term of Ten Years, but, that there appears great Reason to apprehend the said Tax and Tonnage, for the Term so limited, will not afford a sufficient Security for the said Sum of Money directed to be borrowed under the Act, and that it will be expedient and necessary, in order to carry the same into Execution, to apply to'Parliament, in the next Session, for further Powers, and particularly for an Extension of the said Tax and Tonnage for a further Time to be limited, which Extension the Petitioners believe, and are convinced, is consonant to the Opinions and Wiihes of a great Majority of the Persons concerned in the said Lands and Navigations for the effectual Completion of the necessary and important Plan already sanctioned by Parliament; but the Petitioners beg Leave to rc-present to the House, that any Application to Parliament, for the Purposes above described, would come within certain Standing Orders of the House respecting Navigation as well as Drainage Bills, and that the Extent of Country to which it might relate being very large, and the Persons to whom it would be requisite to apply for their Content being very numerous, and dispersed at great Distances throughout various Parts of the Kingdom, the said intended Application, with all the previous Circumstances required by the said Standing Orders, will be attended with great Labour and Difficulty; as well as a most grievous and burthensome Expence, and consequent

Detriment to all Parties concerned or interested:

And therefore praying, That, in case it shall be found expedient to apply to Parliament, in the next Session, for an Act to alter and amend the said Act, and to extend the Term of the Rates on the Lands, and the Tonnage on the Goods and Merchandize thereby granted, for a further Term to be limited. General Notices of such Intention to apply to Parliament for such Act, inferred in The London Gazette, and the different County Newspapers (as directed by the First Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) and given at the different Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the several Counties in which such Lands lay, and Tax or Tonnage shall be taken, may be deemed sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned or interested, and that all such Persons as shall not express their Diflent to the intended Bill, by Petition, or otherwise, to this House, may be deemed and considered as consenting thereto, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Torke, Sir Charles Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Emperor* posed. That the Bill for guaranteeing the Payment Lo" of the Dividends on a Loan of Four Millions Six commi" hundred thousand Pounds to the Emperor of be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Two " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word "now"

(land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J } 55-

Tellers for the N4es, Tmm‘mSrn: } 23'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be comrrytted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Dei»teon posed. That, before any Application is made to the House for the Purposes set forth in the First, Second, piicatiuiu tec and Third Resolutions of the 7th Day of May 1794, relating to Navigable Canals, aqueducts, and the Navigation of Rivers, a previous Application shall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands in which any Reservoir is intended to be made or erected, and through which any Channel or Conveyance is intended to be made for the Purposes of feeding or supplying with Water, from the said Reservoirs, any such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, and that separate Lifts shall bt made of such Owners and Occupiers, distinguishing which of them have assented

to,

55 Geo. III.

i.

8?

King's Coa-sent to Knaref-borough Fort it Bill.

to, or di fieri ted from, the making of erecting any such Reservoirs or Channels therefrom, for the Purposes above specified, or are neuter in respect thereto; and that the Chairman of the Committee to whom the Petition for making any such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, is referred, do report the same to the Housej

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Morning next.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for enlarging the Time, and reviving certain Powers, granted by an Act of Par-

they had gone through the Bill, and ritade an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, Ivhen the House will please to receive the same.

Otdered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report From the Committee of Bill to remott the whole House, to whom the Bill to remove Doubts in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament respecting ported. *' Duties of Excise* was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-

liament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign rested him to report to the House; and he read the of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, " viving certain Powers granted by an Act, made in with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table s Where the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then " jesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quessuch of the Open Parts of the Dillrift called The tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as House.

lie within the Eleven Conllableries thereof, and > , That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

" for other Purposes therein mentioned;" and by an ingrossed.

" Act of the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign,

for amending the said former Act, and for making the said Two Acts more effectual," which Bill was, upon Monday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Bxchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Warrants, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the several Sums paid from the Revenues of the Dutchy of Cornwall', during the Minority of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in pursuance of His Majesty's Warrants, countersigned by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; with the Dates of such

Account of Sums da id from the Revenue' of the

Cornwall to be printed.

Wooleombert Bill com-

Committee on Bill fot establishing a more ealy Method for Payment of Naval Officer Wage*

Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

A Bill to enable Woolcombers to exercise Trades in any Town or Place in Great was read a

Second Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed.

Rejclved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve it lei f into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing a more easy and expeditious Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

of the Members of the House.

immediately, re* Committee oa

Prince of Wales An-

Resolved, That this House will, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for enabling His Ma- nuiiy,&c.Bttfc jesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of IValesyduring the Life of His Majesty, and of the Life of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision for the Payment of any Debts, that miy be due from H is Royal Highness, out of His Revenues; for preventing the contrafting of the like Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townfield took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Yownjhendreported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Charles Yownjhend accordingly reported from reported, the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-

ComnUee on Bill to enabls 2ioatiw*in* &c. to allot Part of their Pay for Maintenance of their Families.

to report, when the House will please to receive the rested him to report to the House; and he read the fame. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolvei, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Boatswains, Gunners, and Carpenters, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report w.yl the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider *n<l further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had di- rested

Contributors to the Loan*.

Report Supply.

Veterinary

College.

Bill for better

securing the Duties on Glass ordered.

Report re*

/peering Warehouse Rent on Foreign Wine, See,

588 10° Juniu . 1795.

rested him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person, who has contributed towards the Loan of Eighteen Millions, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament, shall also be entitled, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, to a further Annuity of One Shilling, to commence from the toth Day of October 1794, and to continue for the Term of Sixty-five Years and a Quarter, and then to cease, which shall be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the Annuity of Eight Shillings and Six Pence, granted by the said Act.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be,brought in upon, the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr.

Mr. John Thomas Townjhend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had di-rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in Support of an Institution, called The Veterinary College.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better securing the Duties on Glass: And that Mr. Roje, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of charging Warehouse Rent on Foreign Wine, Coffee, and Cocoa imported into this Kingdom, in certain Cafes; and who were instrufted to consider of equalizing the Drawback on Foreign Wines exported to China and the British Settlements in the East Indies, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee "had di-rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Foreign Wine, Coffee, and Cocoa, imported into this Kingdom, and lodged in His Majesty's Warehouses, be charged with Warehouse Rent, in certain Cafes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Drawback be allowed on all Foreign Wines exported to China as is now allowed on the Exportation of such Wine to the British Settlements in the East Indies.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the'Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Roje, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually carryinginto Execution ff the Laws relating to the Duties on Stamped Vel-,f lum. Parchment, and Paper; and for repealing cer-" tain Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property in any Foreign Kingdom or State from Loss " by Fire," as repeals certain Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property in any Foreign Kingdom from Loss by Fire, be now received.

Mr Hobartaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as repeals the Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property in any Foreign Kingdom or State from Loss by Fire, be repealed.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hobatt, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Charles Long do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Persons to take out Certificates for using or wearing Hair Powder, in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued forufing Hair " Powder;" and'ilfo further Time for the Admeasurement and Registering of‘ Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in pursuance of another Act of the same Section, intituled, "An Act for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels of certain Descriptions, used on " Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations in ct Great Britain, to be registered and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better securing - the Duties on Glass: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, <c An Act to continue and render more ef-"feftual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of " His Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Part of Great *f Britain Called England;" and the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

Report on Act for repealing Stamp Duties on certain Policies of Insurance.

Bill for allow* ing; further Tune to take out Hair Powder Certificates, &c. presented.

Glass. Duties Bill presented.

Bill to continue Act for Encouragement of Hemp and Flax pro* fented.

35 Geo. III.

Bill for Relief of Persons dels ined for xvant of Bail pt dented.

Committee on Act for t «-p\i-lating the Allowance of the

Diawhack,

&c. on Expor-lanon of Su* gar, deterred#

Ravenftlrorpe

litciofuie Kill

patted.

BUI for permitting the Importation of Organxtned 5>iik, P lax, and FUx beed, commuted.

Mr. Rcfe presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for the Relief of Persons detained in Gaol for Want of Bail, in certain Cafes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the find Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Rr/olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Art, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His prefer.t Majesty, intituled, " An " Art for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback " and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of " Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar " and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in " Foreign Ships."

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Northampton,was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Ravenjlbcin the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or t State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rr/olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

" ing to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels;

" and for explaining and amending an Art, pafi'ed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far tc as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three " Wheels therein mentioned," as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels used as Stage Coaches.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual Pre- Bi'I to prevent vention of selling Ale, and other Liquors, by Persons

,. - r* , ' , „ ~ ' Pdf. ms felling

not,duly hcensed, be now read a Second Time. aic, Ac. coni-

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, Thar the Order of the Day, for the House Princes* of to resolve irfdf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enabling His Ma- femd. jesty to make Provision for a fare and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess of so

the Term of Her Life, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly y

Resolved, That this Houie will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply dea to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferred* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way. and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

China wire Ordered, That the Bill for allowing further Time «out'iufcucJ.Bl11 ^or the Payment of the Drawback on China Ware, imported by the East India Company before the id Djy of ylpril 1795, ^e now rea(i a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolvid, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill reln'incrto Ordered, That the Bill to declare that Hides and

and'skir* Shins, tanned by a new Method, shall be deemed tan-coiumitted. ned Hides and Skins within the meaning of the Arts relating to the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That.this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for re- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

tibuiti *n°' re*°'vc hfelf into a Committee of the whole House, unsu-e 6 upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Art of Par-

c.iadus de- liamcnr, pafi'ed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reigtj

Juicd. His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for grant-

Voi.. L.

The other Order of the Day was read, for the Se-' Proceeding* cond Reading of the Bill more effectually to prevent the dealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Bury- ing of dead ing Grounds, or other Places of Interment; Bod»e«.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

' Jovis, i i° die Junii;

Anno 350 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795-Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry to Mr. Thoma*

the Lords the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Trart '*orth inclo-of Common or Wade Ground, called Moor, sure Bill to the

in the Township of Edgvoorth, in the Parish of Bolton Loru*‘ in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees for exe- Spalding High cuting an Art, pafi'ed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An yau*!.0*

7 L " Art

Committee on Emperor't Load Bill*

Returns of Persont confined by the Kcclefuilical Courts.

Committee on Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback,

Arc. on Expot ution of hugir.

590 110 JuniL A. 17951

" Act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain u Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (ineluding the Hamlets ot Co-dibit and )

*' Moulton, Wbaplcde, Holbeac Fleet, Gedney, Sutton

ct Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise " Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of " coin," to support and repair a certain Bank extending from Spalding High Bridge to Brolberbou/e, in the said County, and to amend and repair the Road thereupon; and for compounding with the Creditors under an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and keeping in Repair the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commissioners and Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding u (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Wef- ton, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney,

" Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, other-r wife Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln," to support and repair a certain Bank extending from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, in the said County, and to amend and repair the Road thereupon; and for compounding with the Creditors Under an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and keeping in Repair the said Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of Four Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House' will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had received the several Returns to the Order of the House, of the 31st Day of March last,

That the Sheriffs of England and do transmit,

" to the Clerk of this House, the Names of such " Persons as are at present confined in any of the " Gaols within their respective Sheriffalties, in Con- sequence of any Process or Prosecution in the " Ecclesiastical Courts; specifying the Offence, and the Time that each Person has been imprisoned;" and that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of

Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar

" and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda 1 Hands, iri " Foreign Ships," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exporca- tion of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation " of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda " Islands, in Foreign Ships;" and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships, for a Time to be limited.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback " and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of " Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar. and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda I (lands, " in Foreign Ships;" and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Hellston, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Viceroy of the Kingdom of Corftca.

Sir William Scott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act *« for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more . " speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy, and for making further Provisions for those Purposes," and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, u and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy;" and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's Navy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing a more easy and expeditious Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: g W here

reported.

Bill ordered*

Hellfton Writ*

Bill for the

better Encouragement of Seamen, presented.

Bill for establishing a more «afy Me* thod for Payment of Naval Officer! Wages, reported.

55 Geo. III. 11° Jumi. 5pr

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Prince of The House was moved, That the Order, made

rmftle,&cnBiU Yesterday, for taking into further Consideration, To-deferred^* ' morrow Morning, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal High-ntfs the Prince of , during the Life of His Majesty, and of the Life of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision for the Payment of any Debts, that may be due from His Royal Highness, out of His Revenues! for preventing the contracting of the like Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

totimlitie on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Woolcombers to exercise Trades in any Town or Place in Great , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Petition for A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto

jvnfT* Petitton subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others con-from the Mcr* cemed in the Trade with the Klapds of and

to GrenaH* "* Saint Vincent, was presented to the House, and read; ltd s*."vin- Setting forth. That Advices are lately arrived from cent. the said Hands, giving Intelligence of very great De-

predations having been made, in both Hands, by an . Insurrection of the French Inhabitants and free coloured French, aided by the Carribs in and in Confrquence thereof the Petitioners and others have been disappointed in the Importation of Produce to a great Value, to enable them to answer their Engagements, and send out Supplies; and that, the Petitioners not having received these Accounts before the Time elapsed for presenting private Petitions, they are under the Necessity of applying for Leave to present a Petition for such Relief as the House shall think fit: And therefore praying, That the House will permit the Petitioners to present a Petition for the Purposes aforesaid.

L re given. Ordered, That, in Consideradon of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Persons concerned in the Trade with the Hands of Grenada and Saint Vincent. fcciitior, from Then a Petition of the Merchants connected with, !rad'u^gl^)ban, and trading to, the Hands of Grenada and Saint Vin-Grcnadi and cent, was presented to the House, and read j Setting St. Vmecnt. forth, That the recent Calamities which have befallen the said Hands, and the Consequences with which they have been, and will be, attended, compel the Petitioners to apply to the House for such Aid as may.

in some Degre$, alleviate their Misfortune: That these Calamities have been occasioned by Insurrections of the French Inhabitants, and free People of Colour, in both the said Hands, joined in Saint Vincent by the Carribs, and although it is to be hoped, that every Quarter hath not fuftcred in an equal Degree, yet every Estate must be materially injured by the necessary Absence of the Managers and Overseers, who, in the very Season of the Crop, assembled as Militia for the Defence of the Sovereignty of the Hands; and that the Petitioners had Reason to expect an Importation of Produce- to a very large Amount, which would have enabled them to have fulfilled various Engagements, which, from the Nature of their Concerns in Business, they had entered into, and, as a great Supply of different Articles from this Country will be required for resettling and restoring the Estates, the Petitioners will be unable, without the Aid of the' House, either to fulfill such Engagements or furnish such Supplies; and that the Petitioners compute, that the clear Value of the Produce from Grenada and Saint Vincent has been equal to One Million Annually, and, as but a small Proportion of such Produce can now be expected, they already begin to feel the Pressure of so lerious a Defalcation, by the Effect which it hath produced upon their Credit in the Commercial World: And therefore praying the House, to take their same into immediate Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Matter of the Rolls, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa- pers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess of , for the Term of Her Life, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles T ownjhendtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for better securing the Duties on Glass, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill more effectually to prevent the stealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Burying Grounds, or other Places of Interment, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered,

Committee mt Princess of Wales Jointure Bill*

Glass Dutiea Bill committed*

Bill to p(treat the stealing off dead Bodies* deferred*

592

A 1795.

Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to protect Merchants, Bankers, and others, from the Depredations of their Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Refohed, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself Into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue an Act, made in the nient ot tttmp Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-anrf Flax com- jesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and render mmcj. «« more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-full Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Part of Great Britain called be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejo'lved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to pro'cft Bankers, &c. from Deprcda-ti ns ot their Clerks, deferred.

Bill to continue Act tur

Kiiroiir

to be raised for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five: And the same was received j and read the bird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commiueeon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting the Importation of Organ- importation of zined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any King- atulVuxSecd. dom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for allowing further Time to take out Had Powder Certificates, See. committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for allowing further Time for Persons to take out Certificates for using or wearing Hair Powder, in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for ,c granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates ififued " for using Hair Powder;" and also further Time for the Admeasurement and Registering of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in pursuance of another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for requiring all " Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland " Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for Relief Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

cf Persons de- Reading of the Bill for the Relief of Persons detained of'iBaiUoin-1 *n Gaol for want of Bail, in certain Cafes, be now witted. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, 'That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bin respect ng Mr. Rose presented to the House, according toOr-Fonipn In- der, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the tented.*JUe* Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as exempts Foreign Insurances from Fire from the Duties on Policies of Insurance: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for allowing a furit tr Annuity to the Sublet iberc to the Loan, presented.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing a further Annuity to the Subscribers to die Sum ot Eighteen Millions, authorized

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Comuitiee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for the Pay- 8^ c ment of the Drawback on China Ware, imported by the East India Company before the ifl Day of

1795, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee c» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^2" upon the Bill to declare that Hides and Skins, tanned anJSkins. by a new Method, shall be deemed tanned Hides and Skins within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain, be now read. *

And the said Order being read accordingly

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receiv^ the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingossed Bill to enable His Majesty, under Bill to erect certain Regulations, to erect independent Burghs of K",gl&°li8a*' Barony, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; scomnd,- and for removing certain Difficulties as to the grant- pa*r«<t-ing ofLeafes in Towns and Villages on the Fishing Goalls of that Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesiv, under certain Regulations, to erect independent Ji-.,rghs of Barony, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for removing certain Difficulties as to the granting of

Leases

35 Geo. III.

ii

12

Junii.

593

Bill to enable Boatfwaint, &c. to allot Fart of their Pay for Miin*

ten a nee of their Families* Itportci'

Leases in Towns and Villages on the Fishing Coasts ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of that Kingdom. House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Sinclair do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do make the

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to ——

whom the Bill to enable Boatswains, Gunners, and Carpenters, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, was committed.

Mr. Secretary Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-retted to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place $ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingroifed.

Veneris, i2° die Jurtii \ Anno 35* Georgii III"' Regis,

1795-

Prayers.

t^ESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling v of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

House resolve* to adjourn to Monday.

Bill for repealing additional Dutiet on , Srage Coaches delex red.

c<

B»U to prevent

Onlicensed Per font selling Ale, &c. dc-faxred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, palfed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Fous Wheels used as Stage Coaches, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale and other Liquors by Persons not duly licensed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

ing the Passage$ at Temple Bar and Snow HiUA passed.

An ingrossed Bill for widening and improving the Bill for widen Entrance into the City o f London near Temple Bari for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 68. 1. 17. After *« applied" to insert " as '* by the said Act of the Seventh " Year of His present Majesty "is directed."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Barfor making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir Watkin Lewes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delire their Concurrence.

Bill for allow* ing the Importation of Goods from India, &c. in Ships, not of British-built, committed*

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Goods from and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships rot of British-built, nor registered as such, and for the

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants within the Parish of Newland, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing, the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest to lead to certain Places in and near the fame, and

Additional Petition to Dean Forest Roads Bill.

Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, ~ certain Roads leading from the Bottom of The Viney

Hill, within the said Forest, through the Tything of Etloe, and the Dutchy of Etloe, to and through a Place called Gatcomb, in the Parish of Awre, and to ?nd through the Tything of Pyrton, in the Parish of Lidney, near the River Severn, to a Place called,

Ships, under certain Restrictions;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

Then the Counsel against the Bill was called in And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Merchants,

in the said Tything of and Parish of

Ship Owners, Ship Builders, and others, employed in in the County of Gloucester-, and that, if the present

fitting out Ships and Vest'els in the Port of London, was also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill was heard, and produced Evidence in Support of the said Petition.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Vol, L»

Road leading from a Place called The Cherry Orchard, through Newland, to White Clift, and from a certain other Place called Highmeadow, to Colford, and the Roads from thence into the said Forest, in one Line* by Coalway Lane End, and in another Line, by Colford Lane End, on the Mitcheldean Road* and in another Line, by Colford Lane End, on the Littledean Road* all in the said Parish of Newland, and which Roads arc very much out of Repair and incommodious, were made Turnpike, and included under the Powers and

7 M Provisions

Committee to fit Tomorrow.

The Lords kjve agieed to

Bill for Pie-jrcntien of dtfcdtive Weights, See. with an Amendment.

Committee of Supply,

Accounts referred.

Exptnces in

Preparation

for the Prince of Wales's Manage.

Application of Money for €arJto» House.

594

12° Junii.

A. 1795.

Provisions of the said Bill, it would be a great Accommodation to the Petitioners, and all other the Inhabitants of the said Parish of and also to

all Persons having Occasion to pass through the same to or from the said Forest of Dean-, and that great Quantities of Timber, from the said Forest, for the Use of His Majesty's Navy, being carried along the said Roads, the Repair thereof is thereby rendered very burthen some to the said Parish, and the Benefits likely to arise from including the said Roads in the said Bill, did not occur to the Petitioners until after the Bill was presented to the House, and before which Time they did not understand that any Roads out of the said Forest of Dean were to be included} that no additional Toll will be laid on Persons passing to and from the said Forest of Deanin consequence of the said Roads being included in the said Bill, and the Length of the Road from The Cherry Orchard, to White Clift- is about One Mile and a Half, and from -meadow to Colford about One Mile and a Half, and the Road from thence by Colford Lane on the Mitcheldean Road, One Mile, and the Road by Coal-way Lane End about One Mile, and the Road by Colford Lane End, on the Littledean Road, Half a Mile, and the including the said Roads will be the Means of effectually preventing Persons from evading Payment of the Tolls to be taken on that Side the Forest which they will otherwise be enabled to dQ, and will also be the Means of preserving His Majesty's Timber, by preventing the stealing and carrying away thereof by Bye Ways, leading out of the said Forest, into the said Road between High meadow and Colford aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for including the said Roads in the said Parish of Newland, or thac the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confideiation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bragge, The Marquis of Worcester, See.:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have'agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances, with an Amendment; to which-Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Maffengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Orderd, That the Paper, intituled, His Royal " Highness the Prince of Wales — Expences incurred in Preparation for His Royal Highness's Marriage, *c 8th May 1795," referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Application of the Sum of f. 25,000, for compleating Carlton House, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

-4

Klltoamen* Act rriVeftm-Sugar pre* fented.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had. directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next,

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of " the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the " Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and " Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships;" and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Emperor'* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for *

guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a.

Loan of Four Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a R*p<« of Copy of the Report of the Commissioners for the f0rThei«berf Issue of certain Exchequer Bills. Exchequer Bills ordered,

Mr. Charles ¥ownfhend, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to tnr* Biiir*"' whom the Bill for the better enabling His Majesty to ported, make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of Her Life, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in'his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Report <rf House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Report of the Commissioners for the Exchequer Issue of certain Exchequer Bills. Bills pretested.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be fu{Rcient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. „

Mr.

35 Geo. III. 12" Jumi. 595

Wooicomber* Mr. Hobart,according to Order, Reported from the Bill repotted* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Woolcombers to exercise Trades in any Town or Place in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House fnguirther0vr" to rc^"°^vc itfVlf into a Committee of the whole House, Tim* to tske upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Persons ZtL1Hav‘ to tak* out Certificates for using or wearing Hair tates,&L* Powder, in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using <c Hair Powder;" and also further Time for the Ad-mcafurement and Registering of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in pursuance of another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for requiring all Boats, " Barges, and otherVessels of certain Descriptions,used

on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

1 1

Cwmnittrettn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ©rV^ont'dt- to re^vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, uintd for want upon the Bill for the Relief of Persons detained in of Bail. Gaol for want of Bail, in certain Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And 'he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

pill respetfing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second foreign In- Reading of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made mltuttk* COn'* ln t*ie Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as exempts Foreign Insurances from Fire from the Duties on Policies of Insurance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

liijohed. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Ptmion from Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants »he Meickams connected with, and trading to* the Islands of Grenada Grenada *nd and Saint Vincent, was referred; That the Committee St. Vincent, had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had re Forted* directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitiort,

Your Committee proceeded to examine several Merchants of eminence connected with the Islands of nada and Saint Vincent.

The concurring Accounts received from these Gentlemen, fully substantiated the Fitft Allegation of the Petition, respecting the Nature and causeS of the Calamities sustained by those Islands. — -From the Situation in which the Islands flood at the Time when the last Accounts came away, it was impofllble that any particular Detail could be given of the whole Loss which has been incurred; but it appeared; that in both the Islands a large Proportion of the Estates had been laid Waste,. their manufactured Produce plundered, and the Cattle driven away; and in many of them the Crops upon the Ground, and the Buildings and Works* entirely destroyed. — The necessary Absence of the Owners and Managers at the Season of the Crop, was also represented as occasioning a material Loss, even to those Estates which might have escaped actual Devaluation.

In Consequence of these Events, not only a great Part of the Crop which would have been remitted Home in the Course of the present Year, has been loft, but even on the Supposition of a speedy Restoration of Tranquillity, the Crop of the succeeding Year must be materially affected; and a very considerable Expence incurred in the Interval, for repairing the Works, and replacing the Stock on the different Estates; and, in Grenada, the Interruption of the Trade carried on with the '.Free Port established there, must be considered as an Addition to the Distress of that Island, and a further Diminution of its Means of Remittance.

On comparing the Calculations from such Materials as were in the Possession of the Gentlemen who attended Your Committee, there appeared good Reason to believe, that the Amount of the Loss in the Remittances of the present Year, together with the Expence to be incurred in restoring the Plantations to a State of Cultivation, can hardly be estimated at a less Sum than between Six and Seven hundred thousand Pounds, in each of these Islands.

It also appeared, that the Merchants connected with these Islands were under pecuniary Engagements to a great Extent, upon the Credit of the Crop which would have been remitted to them if these Calamities had not happened; and that consequently, under the present Circumstances, these Engagements could not be punctually discharged by them without some extraordinary Assistance. — The same Circumstances would prevent the Merchants from continuing the usual Advances for the ordinary Cultivation of the Islands, and must still more disable them from furnishing the additional Sums which would be required in Consequence of the late Devastation.

It was ttated, to the Conviction of Your Committee, that no Assistance would be effectual to obviate vefy serious Inconveniences, both to Individuals, and to the Public in respect both to Commerce and Revenue, which did not afford the Means of procuring an Advance of Money equal to a considerable Proportion of the Losses and Expences above stated, and which

Advance,

596 i2° Junit. 1795.

Advance, from the Nature of the Cafe, could not come into a Course of Re-payment till after the Crop of the next Year should have been remitted to this Country, and could not be wholly made good in a less Period than from Two Years and an Half to Three Years.

Your Committee also found, that there was Reason to believe that to a very large Extent unexceptionable Security could be given for such Advances; but nevertheless that the length of the Period for which they were necessary, rendered them, in the Opinion of the Persons concerned, impossible to be procured by the Exertions of private Credit. One of the Gentlemen examined, engaged in a most extensive Scale of Business, and possessing a great Capital, as well as substantial Security, unconnedled with the Indies, pointedly dated this, from his own1 recent Experience, and added, that the Difficulties proceeded not from Money being fearer, but from its being valuable; that it was easily procured for Periods of Two or Three Months; but that even with good Credit, and on the bed Securities, it was at all Times difficult, and at this Moment impossible, to procure so large a Sum for so long a Period as was necessary in the present Cafe.

Your Committee were strongly confirmed in this Opinion by the Information they received from Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Alderman and Mr.

Thornton, Members of the Committee; and also from some Gentlemen who had been Commissioners under the AA passed in the Year 1793, for the Relief of Commercial Credit.

Your Committee feel it their Duty to submit to the House, as the Relult of their Examination, That the Allegations in the Petition referred to them, have been fully proved j and particularly that the Engagements which have been contracted on the-Credit of the expected Remittances cannot be fulfilled, nor those Supplies furnished which are necessary for the future Cultivation of the Islands, unless on a Consideration of the special Circumstances of the Cafe, Parliament should in its Wisdom think fit to adopt such Measures as may render the Credit and Resources of the Parties intereded, effectual for the Purpose of relieving them from their present Embarraffinents.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

liejoked, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said . Report be primed, as shall be sufficienc for the Use of the Members of the House.

CoitfoiiitiMtii A Bill far granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Vuwi Bill Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service cimm tc . the year Qne choufand Seven hundred and Ninety-

five, was read a Second Time.

Rejoked, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoived, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoked, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

« 11 for allow- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for allowing a further Annuity to SuM'criberj to the Subscribers to the Sum of Eighteen Millions, au-tiw thorized to be raised for the Service of the Year

One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refidied, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoked, Thac the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoked, Thac tins House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from China Wj« the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for the Payment of the / Drawback on China Ware, imported by the East India Company before the ift Day of April 1795, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment,- be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from Bill relating» the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ^"skS»dre» to declare that Hides and Skins, tanned by a new ported. Method, shall be deemed tanned Hides and Skins, within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from Bill for per-the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill of

for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Organzined Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships silk, Fi«.and or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act of Duties on*l Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the SugeCoache* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horles and Carriages with Four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act,

passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two " or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to t-he additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels used as Stage Coaches, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

35 Geo. III.

12° — 15* Junii.

591

Committee on Bill to prevent tinlicrnled Pterions felling Alt, &c.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale, and other Liquors, by Persons not duly licensed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuirwd the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; ,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The other Orders of the Day being read \

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia-w ment, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Man-« ning His Majesty's Navy," and for making further

*Provisions for those Purposes and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy " and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navyj" and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's Navy, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this Hoafe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for oetter securing the Duties on Glass.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the C.ock.

j

Lunes, 15' die Junit;

Anno 35* Georgii III*U Regis, 1795.

PLAYERS.

cCTtii'n!*' A iSTITION of the federal Persons, whose Names prittchf -e thereunder written. Owners, Proprietors, and

Blac'kt*lnft Gccupps, of Houses and Buildings erected upon, and

Sewer i#

of Vv h fs and other Estates being Part of, the Ground and So embanked pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was presented to the House, and read; ecting forth, l h.it by the said Act of the Seventh 'ear of His present Majesty's Reign (and Vol.^,

Order for going into Committee of Wip and Means dif-cJurged.

Bill for the fetter Encou-figerrent of Seamen, deferred#

Glass D1.ties Bill deferred.

'which was Raffed oh the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled) for completing the Bridge cross the River ‘Thames, from Blackfriars, irt the City of London> to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, &c. after reciting (among other Things) that it would tend to remove many Inconveniencies if the Ground and Soil of the said River Thames, between the West Corner of Powell's Wharf, near Puddle Dock, in the said City of London, and the East Corner of Roberts's Wharf, near Milford , in the County of Middlefett ,was inclosed and embanked, the Expence of making which Embankment was estimated at jf. 7,500, it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to inclose and embank the said Ground and Soil, within the Limits aforesaid, in such Manner as is therein described, and . that it should be lawful for any of the Owners and Proprietors of the several Wharfs or Grounds abutting on the North Side of the said River, within the Limits aforesaid, to inclose and embank the said Ground and Soil at their own Expence, under the Direction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council; and, it was further enabled, That the Ground and Soil of the said River so to be inclosed and embanked should veil, and the same was thereby veiled, in the Owners or Proprietors of the adjoining Wharf or Ground,according to their respective Estates, Trulls, or Interests therein, free from all Taxes and Assessments whatsoever, and that the said Ground should be charged in Perpetuity with the Quit Rents therein mentioned j and that, since the passing of the said ACT divers solemn Determinations of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench have taken place in Actions depending between the said Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, and the Commissioners, Assessors, or Collectors, of Taxes, within the said Corporation, whereby it has been adjudged, that the said Land so embanked, and the Houses and Buildings thereon, were, under the said Act, exempt from Taxes and Assessments, and in particular from the Assessments levied under the Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making, enlarging, amending^ and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and the Petitioners, as well as the other Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, have held and enjoyed their respective Properties freed from the said Assesslnents, and all other Taxes and Assessments whatsoever; and that the Petitioners, relying upon the said ACb of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and upon the aforesaid Determinations of the Court of King's Bench thereon, and also relying upon the good Faith of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London, virtually pledged, at their own Instance, by the said Act, and not apprehending that any Attempt would be made to take from them such Exemption as aforesaid, have laid out considerable Sums of Money on the said Lands and the Buildings thereon, and have held and enjoyed, and bought and sold the fame, at and for Considerations calculated upon the said Exemption, on the well grounded Expectation that no future Attempts would be made to subject them to the Burthen of any Taxes or Aficrflrnents contrary to the Faith of the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and that the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is now depending in the House, brought in, as they are informed, on the Petition of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, for repairing the Common Sewer in Bridge Street, Blackfriars, in the City of London, or making a new Sewer instead of a certain Part thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the fame, in which Bill is contained a Clause or Clauses whereby the Operation of the said Acts, of the Eleventh and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, is meant to be

7 N extended

598

150 J

A. *795

extended to the said embanked Ground and Sot], and the Houses and Buildings thereon, as well as to the Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers thereof, to the manifest Wrong and Injury of the Petitioners, and of all other the said Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the passing into a Law of so much of the said Bill as affects to extend to them, or to their Properties in or upon the said embanked Ground and Soil, the Operation of the said Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or in any Way to take away the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners, and the said other Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, derived to them under the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel so be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Bill for the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se-pT'mSt'of Con<* ^eat^'n8 of Bill to explain and amend an Act, Seamen, com- rnade in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His pre-mitted. lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, " made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An " Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more " speedyandeffectualManningHis Majesty'sNavy,"and " for making further Provisions for those Purposes and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy j" and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this, House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

WooicomSertJ Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill p*JTcd. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable Wool-combers to exercise Trades in any Town or Place in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Woolcombers to exercise Trades in any Town or Place in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for Relief Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third off*"*d*" heading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Relief of w>mofBail Persons detained in Gaol for want of Bail, in certain paired. Cafes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Persons detained in Gaol for want of Bail, in certain Cales relating to the Public Revenue.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

BiilrtUting to An ingrossed Bill to declare that Hides and Skins,

Md siina* tannc^ By new Method, shall be deemed tanned

yaffid.

Hides and Skins within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to declare that Hides and Skins, tanned by a new Method, shall be deemed tanned Hides and Skins within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for the China Ware Payment of the Drawback on China Ware, imported by the East India Company before the ill Day of April *

1795, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of the Drawback on China Ware, imported by the East India Company before the ift Day of April

*795- .

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for permitting the Importation of ini Organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into "fatton tf this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a Time,to be limited, was read the Third Time. paired.**"

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for permitting the Importation of Organ-zined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill t« amend Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Aa refPeai, S Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allow-f< ance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty " on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting " the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the " hama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- Return* oT suant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,. Qs,£)li6"ti®n‘

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants Lieutenant* ' and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to and Miiit* His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, since those presented to the House of Commons on the 16th Day o ( 1794.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie up^i the j Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hdife.

The laid Returns arepreserved amongst tit other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported fbm the Repofuppiy Committee of the whole House, to whom it 'as referred to consider further of the Supply grated to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Cohmittee had directed him to report to the House; tpich he

read

P/f pi ration for the Prince of Wales's Marriage.

Completing the Works at Carlton House.

B it for efta* bhlbir.g a moil cafy Method for Payment of Nnwl Officers Wages, patted.

Bill to tnaSIo

Boat Twain s, be. to allot Part of their Pay for Main* lenaaee of their Families* paled.

Committee on

Keport of Pe* tinoo from the Merchants trading to Grenada and ht. Vincent.

Bill for allow* ing further Time to tike out Hair Powder Certificates, See, ro*

ported*

35 Geo. III. 150 Junii. 599

read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clrrk's Talde: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expence of making Preparation for the Marriage of His Royal Highness the Prince of IValts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of completing the Works at Carlton Houft.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing a mort easy and expeditious Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing a more easy and expeditious Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Boatswains, Gunners, and Carpenters, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Boatswains, Gunners, and Carpenters, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Persons to take out Certificates for using or wearing Hair Powder, in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty «« on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder," and also further Time for the Admeasurement and Registering of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in pursuance of another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable " Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Jlri-

tain, to be registeredj" was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a ‘^ond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feve. ally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His ,c Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon " Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels; and for " explaining and amending an Act, ptifled in the " Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far " as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three " Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the addition;!] Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels used as Stage Coaches, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid'before this House, a Copy of the Appointment of Major Joseph Frederick Wallett Des Bar res to the Office of Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Cape Breton; and also, Copies or Extracts

of such Letters from the said Lieutenant Governor to His Majesty's Ministers, as give an Account of the State and Condition of the said Island and Colony, from its Establishment in 1784 to the Time of his Recall; together with the Complaints and Remonstrance made to the Right honourable Lord Sydney, feme Time One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in the Names of the Principal Inhabitants of the said Island, against Major Des Barres then Lieutenant Governor, his Letter of Recall in Consequence, and his Correspondence with the Office of Secretary of State since his Return to England; also, such Letters of Complaint as have been received from the said Colony respecting the Proceedings and Conduct of Lieutenant Colonel M'Cormick, together with his Correspondence with the said Office since his Appointment to act as Lieutenant Governor of the said Island, in the Absence of Lieutenant Governor Des Barres.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question by leaving out the Words " also, such " Letters of Complaint as have been received from " the said Colony respecting the Proceedings and " Conduct of Lieutenant Colonel M‘ Cormick, together " with his Correspondence with the said Office since his Appointment to act as Lieutenant Governor of *« the said Island, in the Absence of Lieutenant Governor Des Barres."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question.

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the

Appointment

Bill for rt-jmnling additional Duties on Stage Coaches, re* ported*

Motion lor Address for Papers relative to Cape Bra-ton.

Neg.

A. 1795.

Memorials from Governor Dei Barres to the T1 ea-fury, See, ordered.

Emperor's Loan Bill pitted.

Report on Prince of Wales Annuity, See, Bill further onfiJered.

O *

15 J

600

Appointment of Major Jofef Frederick Des

Barres to the Office of Lieutenant Governor of the I (land of same Bretonj and also, Copies or Extracts of such Letters from the said Lieutenant Governor to His Majesty's Ministers as give an Account of the State and Condition of the said Istand and Colony,-from its Establishment in 1784 to the Time of his Recall j together ^jth the Complaints and Remonstrance made to the Right honourable Lord feme Time One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State/in the Names of the Principal Inhabitants of the said lstand, again it Major Des Barres then Lieutenant Governor, his Letter of Recall in Consequence, and his Correspondence with the Office of Secretary of State since his Return to England-,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Td^forthcY«,j- H

Tellers for the No's- j Mr'. CW/r, .- } 6+-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Memorials from Lieutenant Governor Des Barres to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting his Accounts as Lieutenant Governor of same Breton; together with the Reports made to that Board, and their Minutes thereupon.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of Four Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of Four Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal High-r»efs the Prince of Wales, during the Life of His Majesty, and of the Life of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision for the Payment of any Debts, that may be due from His Royal Highness, out of His Revenues; for preventing the contrafting of the like Debts in future; and for regulating the ltoode of Expenditure of the said Revenues, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 8. 1. 9, being severally read a Second'Time, were, upon the Question severally puc thereupon, agreed to by the house.

The Amendment in Fo. 8. 1. 9. which was to fill the Blank with " Sixteen thousand Two hundred and " Fifty Pounds, making the Annual Sum of Sixty " thousand Pounds," being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " Sixteen " thousand Two hundred and Fifty" and inferring the Words " Fifteen thousand"; instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Sixteen thousand Two hundred and Fifty" stand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth,

Trf, Krorthevea,j^;»f'--}I,

Tc., CTsfor.hcNo„,{^-"^}8‘-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words

Fifteen thousand" be inserted instead thereof;

It w;is resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (G) being severally read a Second Time, upon the Qpeftion severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause (G) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, was read a Second Time, and amended.

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment so amended;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 8.

Tellers for ,he Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, forfetting apart at the Exchequer, the Sum of £. 1,250 to belaid Quarterly to His Royal Highness, or to such Person as He shall appoint to receive the same.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Commissioners to institute Suits for trying the Right of His Royal Highness to the Rents, Iffucs, and Profits of the Dutchy of Cornwall, which accrued due between the Time of His Birth and His attaining the Age of Twenty-one Years, and for obtaining an Account of such Rents, Issues, and Profits, and for compelling the Payment of the Balance of such Account.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T'diet, for the Yeas, j m / } +°-

Tellers for the Noes,: j 97'

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that the Sum of £. 5,000 shall be set apart, out of His Royal Highness's Income, for the Privy Purse of Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas were directed to go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, I ^r' J None-

I Mr. \

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

3 Ordered,.

Day appointed lor Third Reading of Princes* of Walet Jointure Bill.

Bill for preventing the coni railing of Debts by any future Prince of Wales, ordered.

35 Geo. III. 15* — 1 6 601

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in graded.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princefe of Wales, for the Term of Her Life, be read the

Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the contracting of Debts by any future Prince of Wales, and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure, from the Time when a separate Establishment shall be made for such future Prince of Wales: And that Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Powys, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Secretary,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And the said^der being read accordingly t.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee. \

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se- Proceeding*<m cond Reading of the Bill more effectually to prevent the stealing of dead Bodies from Church Yards, Bury- dead Bodily ing Grounds, or other Places of Interment;

A Motion was made, and the Question was propo-

fed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker*, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock *

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till To-mortow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Committee 00 The Order of the Day being read, for the House Compan'* to rc *ve into a Committee of the whole House, Revenue Ac- to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which count* defer- were presented to the House, upon the 17th Day of April, and the 8th Day of May last, by Mr. from the Directors of the East India Company*

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

BM to emti. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House rue A« for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ntenT'oMicmp uP°n the Bill to continue an Act, made in the and Flax a*. Twenty-fixch Year of the Reign of His present Ma-fcacd. jesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and render " more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first: " Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Parc of Great Britain called be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill respectinjr Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House foranfn dc* to rc^ve into a Committee of the whole House, ferred.* upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in

the Twenty-Gxth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a>. exempts Foreign Insurances from Fire from the Duties on Policies of insurance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Conibiidated Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Fund Bi» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

deferred. upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain

Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to prevent Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving unlicensed the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Ai* &c.*«te- to whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of ferred. selling Ale, and other Liquors, by Persons not duly

licensed, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Glass Duties Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill dtfetred. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better securing the Duties on Glass, be now read.

Vol. L.

Martts, 160 die yunity

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis 1795.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, itnarefbo-to whom the Bill for enlarging the Time, and rough Forest reviving certain Powers, granted by an Act of Parlia- Bl11 reporltd‘ ment, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act, made in *« the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open Parts of the District called The " Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as *« lie within the Eleven Constablerics thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned ;" and fly an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for " amending the said former Act, and for making the said Two Acts more effectual," was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Bill is not within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of Inclosure, the Bill being only for reviving the Powers of Two former Acts; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, *with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, Petition r*-to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the hum- [f^of ble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names future Appli* are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and gau others, interested in the Navigation of the River Brink and*

in the County of Norfolk, and Owners of Lands lying King'* Lynn in, and adjoining to the Middle and South Level of

the Fens called Bedford Level, and of the Low Landsad-joining, or near to the said Levels, and in divers other Lands adjoining, or near to, the said River Ouze, and draining through the same to Sea, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

7 Q Clerk's

6 02

Clerk's Table: Where the same was reid; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act. passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level r* of the Feas, called Bedford , and the Low *< Lands adjoining; or near to, the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River in

the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's , in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from, or near, a Place " called Eau Brink, in the Parish of IViggenbaU Saint

A tury,in the said County, to the said Harbour of

" King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the ct Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River 0#ze,"'was read: And,

William Creafy, Esquire, being examined, he was alked, Whether the Works directed to be done by the Commissioners appointed by the Act, were necessary for the Preservation, Improvement, and Relief of the Great Level of the Fens, and of the adjoining Lands, and the Navigation patting through the same ? he said. He thought they were absolutely necessary. — And being alked, Whether the Execution of those Works would be attended with any considerable Expence ? he said, Very great. — Then,

Two Clauses in the above-mentioned Act were read, by which it appears, that the Commissioners for Drainage were empowered to raise . 70,000; and the Commissioners for Navigation ,£.8,000 for a Term of Ten Years.

And the Witness being again examined, he was alked, Whether there was reason to apprehend that the Tax on Land, and Tonnage on Navigation for the respectire Terms limited by the Act, would afford a sufficient Security for the Money so directed to be borrowed ? he said. He believed it would not. — And being alked, Whether it will be expedient and ne-eeflary, in order to'carry the Act into effectual Execution, to apply to Parliament in the next Session for further Powers, and especially for an Extension of the Term limited for the Tax and Tonnage ? he said. He believed it to be absolutely necessary, in order to give a sufficient Security to those who might be disposed to lend Money upon them. — And being alked. If he believed that such Extension was consonant to the Opinions and Wilhes of a great Majority of the Persons concerned in the Lands and Navigation, for the effectual Completion of the necessary and important Plan sanctioned by Parliament I he said. He believed it was agreeable to a great Majority of the Country, as well those concerned in Navigation, as in Drainage j that his Reasons for this Belief were, because he inserted in the Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge Papers Advertisements, apprising the Country of the Necessity of the Extension of the Term of the Tax and Tonnage. — That he likewise attended the First Meeting of the Commissioners for putting the Act into Execution, at Lynn, where a very numerous Attendance of Commissioners, as well for Drainage as Navigation, were present, when the Petition (now before the Committee) was read, and it appeared to be very much approved of; and that he likewise wrote circular Letters to different Agents in different Parts, in order to collect the Sense of the Country, as to such Extension; and the Result was, that such Extension was much approved of — That he had the Advertisements inserted previous to the Meeting of the Commissioners, a Fortnight or Three Weeks — That it had been generally understood by the Country, that a Power would have been inserted in the Act lately passed for making this Extension, and the Advertisements were inserted to apprize the Country why it was not done; and likewise to express an Opinion, that it was necessary.

A. 1795.

and that such Application *as intended to be made in the next Session of Parliament. — And being alked. Whether he understood that the Application would come under the Standing Orders of the House, respecting Drainage and Navigation Bills ? he said. It certainly would. — And being alked, If the Extent of Country to which the Application would relate, was very large; and whether the Persons to whom it would be requiflte to apply for their Consent, were very numerous, and dispersed at great Distancas throughout different Parts of the Kingdom ? he said. He believed there were about 140 Parishes in which Notice mult be given under the Standing Orders respecting Drainage Bills — That it would be necessary to employ Six Agents, who must travel Two thousand Miles in giving such Notices; and that it would be necessary to employ Twelve Agents more to make Application to the different Land Owners, who would be taxed by the Bill, for their Consent; and that these Agents muff travel, as he supposed, between Five and Ten thousand Miles. — That the Expence of making such Application, and giving such Notices, would in his Opinion amount to near £. 2,500. — And being alked.

What was the Expence occasioned by the Notices to those 140 Parishes on the former Occasion for the late Bill ? he said. He had not got all the Bills from the different Agents employed. — And being alked. What was the Amount, according to those Bills he had got I he said, He had not a Angle Bill with him, and that he did not know the Amount. — And being alked. What was the Amount of the Expences of die Applications to the individual Land Owners? he said, He did not know. — And being alked. Not knowing the Sums demanded by the Agents, on giving the Notices to the respective Land Owners respecting the late Bill, on what Data did be form his Opinion that the Expence for the Application and Notices for the new Bill would be £. 2,500 ? he said. From the Amount of some Bills he had received, and from his Knowledge of the immense Country, the Agents were obliged to travel to apply for the Confcnts, and as these could not be Ids than Twelve in Number; he estimated the Expence of Agents Time, Horse Hire, and travelling Expences (being most of them professional Men) could not amount to less than 200 each — That when he said £. 2,500, he did not mean to speak precisely; it might be £. 500, more or less. — That he was Solicitor to the late Bill. — And being alked. Whether he did not expect to be Solicitor to the- intended Bill ? he said. He did nor, because his Affairs required his Attendance so in the Country that it would not admit of his undertaking it. — And being alked. What was the Amount of his Demand for the late Expences incurred by him as Solicitor for the late Bill ? he said, He had not made out his Bill, nor could he venture to give an Opinion what the Amount would be, as he had not so far put the Bills together. — And being alked, Whether the Advertisements inserted by him in the Provincial Papers, werefo inserted by his own Act, without any Authority? he said. They were not — That he was authorized by the Principal Promoters of the Eau Brink Act, and many of the Commissioners appointed under that Act; and that Lord Hardwicke's Signature, or Mr. s{he did not

rightly know which) was annexed to the Advertisements, as Chairman at the Meeting — That it was a Meeting held in the Committee Room in Manchester Buildings, in Westminster; and that he attended the Meeting, and took the Minutes — That he could not tell the exact Time of this Meeting, having no Memorandums with him. — And being alked. Whether it was before the passing of the Act? he said. He could not correctly say whether or not before the Act had received the Royal Assent — That he attended the Meeting at Lynn; and that there were at lead: Forty Commissioners present. — And being alked, Whether

any

16° Junii.

5 Geo.lit is0;

any Public Minutes yrtre committed to Writing at that Meeting? he raid. Yes; and entered in Minute Books, and he believed they were subscribed by the Chairman to the Commi(Coners, and that the Minutes have since been inferred in the Cambridge Papers — That no Entry was then made of the intended Application, and that no public Debate took Place on that Subject. — And being alked, Whether he did not know that when the First Application was made to the Proprietors of Estates interested in the late Eau Brink Drainage Bill, that the Term intended to be created under that Act, was laid to be only Ten Years ? he said, He did; and that it was so expressed in the Con-lent Bill. — And being aiked, Whether he and all the Promoters of that Bill, during the whole Term of Three Years, while depending in the House of Commons, did not constantly hold the same Language regarding this Term of Ten Years ? he said. He believed they might — That the First Circumstance that pointed out the Nc-ceflity of extending the Term beyond Ten Years, was ' the Alteration of the Plan settled by Sir 'Thomas Page and Mr. My ire, and since sanctioned by the Act. — And

being alked, Whether he did not know that the Original Estimate of the new Cut was estimated at £. 53,000 only ? he said. He believed it was thereabouts. — And being alked. Whether the additional Sum of £. 25,000 more, was not created under the Act, in consequence of the new Estimate attending the Alteration of the new Cut, as recommended by the said before-mentioned Gentlemen ? be said,. He bea lieved it was. — And being alked. Why he suppoled that that Sum, so estimated, will be inadequate to the Undertaking? he said, Because the Cut is much extended in Width, and a greater Quantity of Land mull be purchased in consequence, — And being alked. Whether any Advertisements had been inferred in any Newspapers since the passing of the Act* soliciting the Loan of Money for carrying it into Execution ? he said, None — That he supposed no Persons would ad--vance their Money under the present Security of the Act, because the Tax and Tonnage would not be fuft* ficient to pay the Interest and Principal within that Termr — That the Annual Amount of the said Tax and Tonnage will be about £.6,400 — That the Amount of this Annual Estimate was known, as well before, as since the pairing of the Act. — And being alked. Whether he did not believe that many of the Proprietors who originally subscribed the Petition for the late Bill, would have objefled to any longer Term of Taxation than Ten Years? he said. He believed many would at that Time. — And being alked. Whether the Promoters of the Bill were not bound in Honour to let that Term continue in the Bill? he said* It is in the Bill — That he has no precise Estimate of the Works to be done under the Bill, nor cars one be formed, as he conceives, until Sir Thomas Part and Mr. Mylne have gone into the Country, and let out the Work upon the Spot — That he speaks from general Information, obtained in Conversations with different Engineers who have been employed. — And being alked. Whether it was the Object of this Petition to encrease the Sum of £. 78,000 to be borrowed under the Act, or only to strengthen the Security to be given to the Creditors to advance that Sum t he said. It was not intended to encrease the Sum, but only to add to the Security of the Lenders of it. — And being alked. Why he could say that it was not intended to exceed the Sum of £.78,000, when he said that there had been no Estimate made of the Expence of the Work to be done ? he said. Though no precise Estimate had been,made, yet the Engineers may form such an Opinion, as to say that £. 78,000 will be quite competent to all the Works; and from that general Opinion which he has received from them all, he noW ventures to say he believes £. 78,000 will be sufficient. — And being alked. Whether the Works intended to be done

were so exactly marked out and ascertained at prefenr, so as to enable the Engineers to be able to ascertain the Expence with any Accuracy at all ? he said. He thought the general Outline was iufficieritly marked to form such an Estimate as he was speaking of — That he means to say, that no more than £. 78,000 was to be borrowed — That he does not know to what Number of Years the Term is to be extended j but that he believes the Extension of the Tetm is intended to be made corrvnenfurate to the Expence. — And being alked, Though the Subject of the Extension of the Term was not publicly debated at the Meeting of the Commissioners at Lynn, whether it was not made the Subject of Conversation by many of the Commissioners present ? he said, He believed he might hear from some of them a Term of Five Years mentioned, but it was never argued. — And being alked. Whether it was not approved of by all who did mention it ? he said, He did not hear any Persons object to it, further than Mr. Everard, of Lynn, and the Mayor, who said they had not had sufficient Information from their Friends, and therefore, for the present, declined signing the Petition. — And being alked, What Petition he (the Witness) referred to ? he laid. That which \i before the present Committee, which was then publicly read before that Meeting.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, xa°for* upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty- JLwurage^ sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- mentofHemjl tituled, An Act to continue and render more ef- a,ul F1"*

" fcftual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement Of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Part of Great Britain called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair Of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commintt on to resolve itself into a Chrhmittet of the whole House, Confojirfato* upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Fun<B,u* Siim of Money out of the ConfoTidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation;

Ordered, That lb much of His Majesty's rrioft Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Mo-

ney arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

6o4 i 6* J

ments thereunto} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. *

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to VfanheT* to-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ammhyto'The upon the Bill for allowing a further Annuity to the Subscriber* to Subscribers to the Sum of Eighteen Millions, autho-the Loan. rized to be raised for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Minutf* of Mr. Bent presented to the House, pursuant to their

Committee ap- Order

quire into A Copy of the Minutes of the Committee appointed

in^Frankm^" to en£lu'rc 'nt° the several Frauds and Abuses, in rein Public ng lation to the fending or receiving Letters and Parcels o«««, Pre- free from the Duty of Portage, by Clerks, and others cmed. in Public Offices, entitled to fend or receive such Let-

ters and Parcels.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Minutes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bin for Coi*. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vyan« of regulating the Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceed-

p lilted Vote*, . ° . 7 , . kT *

&c. by the Port, mgs in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the ordered. Port, in Great Britain: And that Mr. Bernard, Mr.

Dent, Mr. IVitliam Dundas, and Mr. Garthjhore,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee on OrderedThat the Order of the Day, for the House

Aa resplabig to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sugar. upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty*

second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the " Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and " BermudaIflands, in Foreign Ships j" and forreduc-

ing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had direffed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

R solution for Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bill* for* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rc-»h« Accommo- ferred to consider of the Report which was made from Nation of Per- the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mer-G«nait Md* chants connected with, and trading to, the Islands of St. Vincent Grenada and Saint Vincent, was referred, the Resolution

reported. which the Committee had directed him to report to the

House -, which he read in his Place -, and afterwards

'unit. A. 1795.

delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That His Majesty be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills, to an Amount not exceeding One Million and an Half, to be issued to Commissioners, to be by them advanced, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the Accommodation of such Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenadb and Saint Vincent, as shall be desirous of receiving the fame, on due Security being, given for the Re-payment of the Sum so advanced within a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Secretary Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Debate m journed Debate on the Motion, made upon Wednesday aL

last. That, before any Application is made to the piicinon* House for the Purposes set forth in the First, Second, rowing Reter. and Third Resolutions of the 7th Day of May 1794, ,ro,rt,r*uro relating to Navigable Canals, Aquedu&s, and tha Navigation of Rivers, a previous Application shall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands in which any Reservoir is intended to be made or erected, and through which any Channel or Conveyance is intended to be made for the Purposes of feeding or supplying with Water, from the said Reservoirs* any such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, and that separate Lifts shall be made of such Owners and Occupiers, distinguishing which of them have assented to, or diffented from, the making or erecting any such Refer-voirs or Channels therefrom, for the Purposes above specified, or are neuter in respect thereto; and that the Chairman of the Committee, to whom the Petition for making any such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation,

Is referred, do report the same to the House.

Resolved, That, before any Application is made to the House for the Purposes set forth in the First, Se- plication* for* cond, and Third Resolutions of the 7th Day of May Re~ 1794, relating to Navigable Canals, Aquedu&s, and the Navigation of Rivers, a previous Application shall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands in which any Reservoir is intended to be made Or crested, and through which any Channel or Conveyance is intended to be made for the Purposes of feeding or supplying with Water, from the said Refer-Voirs, any such Cut, Canal, Aqueduct, or Navigation, and that separate Lifts shall be made of such Owners and Occupiers, distinguishing which of them have assented to, or dissented from, the making or creating any such Reservoirs or Channels therefrom, for the Purposes above specified, or are neuter in respect thereto; and that the Chairman of the Committee, to whom the Petition for making any such Cut, Canal,

Aqueduct, or Navigation is referred, do report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be made a Standing Order of this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee o« to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j^}. UDe* upon the Bill for better securing the Duties on Glass, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-x ments


35 Geo. III. i<J° >»«.

nients thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Report of Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking

sMi'Emai Du- into further Consideration the Report from the Com-tict on Stage mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re-Coashtt fur. pCaling so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in coi.iiutr. the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon " Horses, and Carriages with Four Wheels; and for " explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as " relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three " Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels used as Stage Coaches, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

logrolled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-gross'ed.

Commit!?* on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Korn 'nTa- 2 to rc ^vc itfclF into a Committee of the whole House, fmincci. upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as exempts Foreign Insurances from Fire from the Duties on Policies of Insurance, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

I^r. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to reporr, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill forehartr- Mr. Role presented to the House, according to jngWarehou.e ordtr, a Bill for charging Warehouse Rent on Wines,

Rent on . ° 1 T W n wwr ‘i r

win*; &c. in certain Cafes, secured in Il:s Majesty s Warehouses;

See.pietenu-c. for equalizing the Duties on Wines exported to India and China; and for providing Warehouses for Coffee and Cocoa Nuts imported into this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Grenada and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the St. Vincent'* House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His pre- Majesty to direct the I flue of Exchequer Bills, to a femcJ. limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner,

therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to prevent Ordered, That Mr. Char do make the Re-un"ceni«iper- port from the Committee of the whole House, to

Ions Idling r

Ale, &c.rc- whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of ported. selling Ale and other Liquors by Persons not duly licensed, was committed.

Vol. L.

Mr. Charles Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, +

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b« ingrossed. 1

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofied.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee ©n a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ^gth^lrnpor-allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation utionofGood* of Goods from India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India not of BrinflU Company, in Ships not of British-built, nor registered bnilt» as such, and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report^ when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Th* Lords Ord: agree<*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Redftone Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirteenth BndSe Bll,« Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn " near Redstone, in the County of and for

" making proper Avenues and Roads to and from the " fame, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors " of a Ferry across the said River at i?£^?c»*aforesaid," and for enabling the Trustees for executing the said Act tore-build the said Bridge; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ravenfthorpe Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Inclosure Bill. Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Ravenfthorpe, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Spalding High Act to enable the Commissioners and Trustees for Br'dse executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of an °a the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for draining, preserving, and improving, certain " Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (ineluding the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peaktll) West on,

" Moulton, Whaplode, Ilolbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton " Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise " Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of coin ft to support and repair a certain Bank extend-

ing from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, in the Lid County, and to amend and repair the Road thereupon; and for compounding with the Creditors under an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and keeping in Repair the said Road; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Child's Hof. Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and *?tal w»*» Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the men mem*' Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ,

7 P well,

Bill For preventing the contracting of Debts by any future Prince of Wales, pie-fcnted.

Committee on East India Company's Revenue Accounts*

Knarelbo-rough Foieft

Bill paired.

606

16° — 170 Junii. 1795.

wll, and Saint Thomas the , and other the Governors of Christ's Hospital, to purchase Houses and

Ground for enlarging thrift's in , and

at Hertford, and erecting additional Buildings thereto;

and for other Purposes; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Pulteney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for preventing the contracting of Debts by any future Prince of Wales, and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure, from the Time when a separate Establishment shall be made for such future Prince of Wales: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 17th Day of April, and the 8th Day of May last, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jodrell reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, I Junii;

Anno Georgii III*" Regis, 1795. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Time, and reviving certain Powers, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act, made " in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing andinclo- sing such of the Open Parts of the District called " The Forest of Knaresborough,in the County of as

" lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof, and for " other Purposes therein mentioned ;" and, by an Act " of the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for " amending the said former Act, and for making the " said Two Acts more effectual," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Time, and reviving certain Powers, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act, made in the Tenth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, <c An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open " Parts of the District called The Forest cf Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven * Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein " mentioned ;" and, by an Act of the Fourteenth Year " of His Majesty's Reign, for amending the said " former Act, and for making the said Two Acts more effectual."

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Bilitocontinue Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to *„r]gem"iit continue an Act, made in the Twenty-fixrh Year of of Hempand the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Flax teporud. " to continue and render more effectual an Act,

" passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty's <c Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of " Hemp and Flax, in that Part of Great Britain called England," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Cork's Table;

Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Consolichted Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ^0ur‘t'ejU l1 re" granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, 1 out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and " Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Su-{ gar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Klands, " in Foreign Ships;" and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than Ships,

was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re to the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said 4BUI shall be then ingrossed.

Bill to amend Act respecting Sugar reported.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the GlassOmirs Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bin r.^orted. better securing the Duties on Glassj was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally

put

35 Geo. III. 170

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to remove Doubts in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, respecting Duties of Excise, was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Construction of certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, respecting the Duties of Excise thereby granted on Wash, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Foreign Spirits, Wines, and Sweets.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a further Annuity to the Subscribers to the Sum of Eighteen Millions, authorized to be raised for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Bill for rcp«U Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ing Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing so

?tact'co«;be* much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-piiuj. ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several " additional Rates and Duties upon Horses, and Car- riages with Four Wheels; and for explaining and " amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain * Carriages with Two or Three Wheels, therein mentioned," as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels used as Stage Coaches, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His jrclent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Rates *c and Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with Four " Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act, " passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to ccrrain Carriages with Two " or Three Wheels therein mentioned," as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels, used as Stage Ccaches; and for reducing the Duties upon Carriages with less than Four Wheels, mostly used in the AiFairs of Husbandry, or for the Purposes of Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

Bill for ebarg- Ordered, Thar the Order of the Day, for the Second Bem."'1'01"* ^cac'*n§ Bill for charging Warehouse Rent on

Winet, &c. Wines, in certain Cafes, secured in His Majesty's kc. com- Warehouses; for equalizing the Duties on Wines ex-

Bill to remove Doubt* in Ex* cif<* A£U passed«

Bill for allow* iti£ a further Jmu uity to the Sub.cnbus to the Lean# reported.

ported to India and China; and for providing Warehouses for Coffee and Cocoa Nuts imported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Tinfie.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain of the Household reported Answer t. to the House, That their Address of the 5th Day of Address* this Instant7«»; (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's, London, to the Memory of Major General Thomas Dundas; as a Testimony of the grateful Sense entertained by this House of the eminent Services which he rendered to his Country, particularly in the Reduction of the French West India Islands, and which occasioned a grols Insult to his Remains in the Island of had

been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That He will give Directions as desired by the said Address

Mr. Hobart,according to Order, reported from the Bill for aiiow-

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ^0*£e0£mpor' allowing, for a Time to be limited, the Importation Good* from of Goods from India and China, and other Parts within &c- " the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India British-buin, Company, in Ships not of British-built, norregistered reported, as such; and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to direct the issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Grenada and St. Vincent'* Exchequer Bills Bill ommitttd.

Mr. Jodrell, according to Order, reported from Report on E*ft the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Indt*sCfc* referred to consider of the several Accounts and Pa- Accounts, pers, which were presented to the House, upon the 17th Day of April, and the Sth Day of May last, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz. '

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from

Benares

608 170 Junii. A. 1795.

Benares and Oude,under the Heads of Mint or Coin- That it appears to this Committee, That the

age Duties, Post Office Collections, Bearer Revenue, Annual Revenues of the Company at the Pre-

Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Re- fidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements fubor-ceipts from the Rales of Salt and Opium, amounted, dinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Cir-on the Average of Three Years, 1791-2 to 1793-4, cars, under the Heads aforesaid, for the Year 1794-5, both inclusive, to the Sum of Five Crore Forty-two are estimated, 'by the Governor and Council of Lacks Fifty-three thousand One hundred and Seventy- Madras, to amount to Forty-six Lacks Thirty-eight one Current Rupees. thousand Two hundred and Ninety-three Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and Oude, under the same Heads, which were estimated, for the Year 1793-4, to amount to Five Crore Forty-three Lacks Twenty-seven thousand Six hundred and Seventy-six Current Rupees, amounted to Five Crore Eighty-seven Lacks Nineteen thousand Four hundred and Sixty Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, , and Orijfa, and in

Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, which were estimated, for the Year 1793-4, at Three Crore Twenty-three Lacks F.ighty-three thousand Four hundred and Fifty-eight Current Rupees, amounted to Three Crore Thirty-three Lacks Nineteen thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares, and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1794-5, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Five Crore Fifty-eight Lacks Six thousand and Sixty-eight Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, - and in Benares and Oude, under the Meads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, far the Year 1794-5, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Three Crore Twenty-seven Lacks Eighty-six thousand Three hundred and Forty-five Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot,the Rajah of and the Nizam, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, which (exclusive of the Sums to be received from Fippoo Sultan) were estimated, for the Year

1793~4> to amount to Forty-five Lacks Seventy-five thousand Six hundred and Forty Pagodas, amounted to Forty-two Lacks Seventy thousand Six hundred and Fifty-seven Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in Fhe Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Post Office, Civil, Military, and Revenue Charges, and for Buildings and Fortifications, which were estimated, for the Year 1793-4, to amount to Forty-two Lacks Fifty-three thousand Two hundred and Forty-four Pagodas, amounted to Forty-nine Lacks Ninety-eight thousand Four hundred and Thirty-nine Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in 7 ‘heCarnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads aforesaid, in the Year 1794-5, are estimated, by the Governor and Council at Madras, to amount to the Sum of Forty-four Lacks Fifty-five thousand Six hundred and Seventeen Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year 1793-4, to amount to Twenty-four Lacks Seventy thousand Two hundred and Two Rupees, amounted to Twenty-seven Lacks Seventy-six thousand Five hundred and Sixty-seven Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by Cat East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year 1793-4, to amount to Sixty-one Lacks Eighty-seven thousand Nine hundred and- Four Rupees, amounted to Sixty-nine Lacks Sixty-seven thousand and Thirty-eight Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at. the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, for the Year 1794-5, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to Thirty-one Lacks Fifty-four thousand Five hundred and Eighteen Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the Year 1794-5, are estimated at Sixty-seven Lacks Thirty-three Thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the Company, at

the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, from *790-1 to 1792-3, both inclusive, to Nineteen thousand Three hundred and Sixty-two Dollars.

Resolved, Thar it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company, at the several Settlements in India,amounted, according to the latest Advices, to the Sum of Seven Crore Thirty Lacks Fifty-four thousand Six hundred and Nineteen. Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Part of the aforesaid Debts, bearing Interest, amounted to Five Crore Fifty-nine Lacks Seventy-two thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-four Current Rupees, and that the Interest thereon amounted to Forty-three Lacks Seventy thousand Four hundred and Sixty-nine Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Value of Assets in India, confiding of Cash in the Treasuries, of Bills receivable, of Goods provided to be shipped for England, of Goods imported to be sold in India, of Salt, Opium, &c. and of Stores for Use, or Sale, amounted, according to the latest Advices (including Current Rupees, Four Crore Seventy-nine Lacks Ninety-six thousand Six hundred and Twelve, of Debts Hated to be owing to the Company there) to Eight Crore Eighty Lacks Seventy-six thousand and Nine Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That 2 the

35 Geo. III. 170 Junii.

the Balance of Stock in Favour of the Com-

pany's Commerce in China,amounted, according to the latest Advices, to the Sum of Nine hundred and Thirty-nine thousand and Forty Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Effects of the East India Company in ', and

afloat Outward, confiding of Annuities, Cash in the Treasury, Goods fold not paid for, Goods unfold. Cargoes afloat, and other Articles in their Commerce, amounted, on the ift of March 1795, to the Sum of Ten Millions Four Hundred and Thirteen thousand Three hundred and Fifty-four Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sales of the East India Company's Goods, which, in February 1793, were estimated, on an Average, to amount to Four Millions Nine hundred and Eighty-eight thousand One hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds, amounted, in the Year 1794-5, to the Sum of Five Millions Five hundred and Twenty-one thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Prince of W.Uc» An-injity, &c. Hill

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the Life of His Majesty, and of the Life of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision for the Payment of any Debts, that may be due from His Royal Highness, out of His Revenues; for preventing the contracting of the like Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time j

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 25th Day of May 1792, of the Twelfch Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, of the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That His Majesty's most Gracious Message to this House, of the 27th Day of April last, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

I Mr. Anstruther, 1

Mr. Edward James [ 54. Eliot: J

~ , c , XT C Mr. , 7

Tellers for the Noes, j Ge„,.ral . J so.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time. An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for securing to Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, for Her Privy Purse, the Quarterly Payment of £. 1,250, directed to be paid by the Commissioners to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, ull'jt/rZa; } S'-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added Vol. L.

to the Bill, byWay of Ryder, directing, that when the Debts of His Royal Highness shall be discharged, there shall be a new Plan formed for the Establishment of His Household.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for specifying the Cafes in which His Royal Highness may be sued.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3. 1. 32. To leave out from " that" to shall," in Pr. 4. 1. 6. and iniert " the Speaker of the House of Commons for the "Time being, the Chancellor " of His Majesty's Exchequer " for the Time being, the Mafter of His Majesty's Household for the Time being, " the Accountant General of " the High Court of Chancery " for the Time being, and the Surveyor General the Crown -Lands for the Time " being," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by adding as another Commissioner, the Warden of the Stannaries for the Time being.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 4. 1. 16. After " the" to insert saidi" and to leave out(( so nominated and appointed."

After " the" to insert " said," and to leave out *« so nominated and appointed."

To leave out " the" and insert " such," and to leave out ct which" and insert " and at " such Time or Times, and " under such Conditions as" instead thereof.

After " Payments" to insert the " First Half Yearly Payment " thereof to be made on the Fifth Day of January One " thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-six."

Pr. 18. 1. 34. To leave out from " whatever" to

34-

Pr. 12. 1. 4.

Pr. 14. 1. 1.

Pr. 27. 1. 1.

Pr. 30. 1. 12.

1

Pt« 32. 1. 4.

the End of 1. 37.

After Arrear" to insert " of any " of the Salaries or Allowances made or to be made by His " Royal Highness ^o any Officer or Officers whose Duty " it may be to carry this Act " into Execution, or who may " be concerned in the Execution " of the fame, shall be carried on beyond the Term of One " Quarter after the Quarter in which the same shall have become due; and that no Arrears of any fort."

To leave out " within his Department."

To leave out Fund" and insert 7 " Funds

6 io

Committee on Bill for the better Encouragement of Seamen.

Bill for prevent irg the rontr<(£kir«g of Ptors by any futuic Prince of Wales, committed.

Bill for Conveyance of Piinted Votes, See. by the Polljprflented.

B H for allowing further Time to take ut Hair Powder Certify cates, See.

170 — 18° Junii. 1795.

" Funds of His Royal Highness" inllead thereof.

1. 28. After " entered" to insert " by the " Creditor obtaining the said " Judgment."

1. 32. After " fame" to insert " in order " to entitle him to the Benefit " of this Act."

And ^he said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision, out of His Revenues, for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from His Royal Highness; for preventing the Accumulation of Debts in future; and for rogulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues.

Ordered, That Mr. Anjlruthedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Seflicfii of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and " effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy, and for making further provisions for those Purposes and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy " and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy;" and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Philip Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Philip Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for preventing the contracting of Debts by any future Prince of Wales, and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure, from the Time when a separate Ellabliftiment shall be made for such future Prince of Wales, be now read.

And the said Order being rfad accordingly;

The said B;l! was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, according to/ Order, a Bill for regulating the Conveyance of printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Poll, in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the f.r.d Bill be printed.

An ingossed Bill for allowing further Time for Persons to take out Certificates for using or wearing Hair Powder, in pursuance of an Act of tins present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to

u His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using " Hair Powder;" and also further Time for the Admeasurement and Registering of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in pursuance of another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for requiring all Boats,

" Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions,

" used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered j" was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further Time for Persons to take out Certificates for using or wearing Hair Powder, in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair " Powder;" and also further Time for the Admeasurement and Registering of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in pursuance of another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for requiring all Boats,

" Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions,

" used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Bill to protect Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^ankeis, &c.

_ ' , from Depreda-

House, upon the Bill more effectually to protect Mer- tions,puiofffor chants. Bankers, and others, from the Depredations of Si* Months, their Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better en- Princefc of abling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess so'ej." of Wales, for the Term of Her Life, be read the Third

Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill respecting the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal so much dances ae-of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the feired. Reign of His present Majesty, as exempts Foreign Insurances from Fire from the Duties on Policies of Insurance, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for the more Bill to prevent effectual Prevention of selling Ale, and other Liquors, uniicensed by Persons not.duly licensed, be read the Third Time Aie.&Vde-8 Tomorrow Morning. ferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Junii;

Anno 350 Georgii III*11 Regis 1795.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Confederation LordsAmend-the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, £^.*°Hof intituled, An Act for enabling the Mayor and Com- pitalsm monalty and Citizens of the City of London, Gover- agretdto. nors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint 'Thomas the and

other the Governors of Christ's Hto purchase

Houses and Ground for enlarging Christ's Hospitals in London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional Build-

ings thereto; and for other Purposes.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as. followeth; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. - 7 Leave out "or which shall here-

an J " after stand or be."

3- J

1. 5. Leave out " at " and insert " in

" the

35 Geo. III.

18° Junii.

(Si i

" the Parishes of Saint Sepulchre " without , £0-

" tolph without and

" Christ all in the City

" of."

14 J 1C 1

n'* / Leave out "and in or near the

36 J Town of Hertford."

Pr. 15. I, 9. Leave out from felling," to " wheTcof," in 1. 10. and insert " Two Closes and a Garden, containing Four Acres Two " Roods and Two Perches, or " thereabouts, now or late called Bailey Hall situ-

" ate in the Parish of All Saints " in the Town of let

" to Henry Bradley."

JLraVC 0Ut " atl<^ *n or near t^ie

said Town of Hertford."

21. J

1. 38. Lea'

Pr. 16.

1. 30 and

° 1

Bill to amend London small Debts, xc. Act* reported, and re-coiu* muted.

I^ordt Amendment to Bill for Prevention of defc&ive Weights, See agreed to.

Leave out from " Money " to the" in 1. 40. and insert " the " said Closes and Garden called " Bailey Hall Field in."'

Leave out " and in or near the " Town of Hertford."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir Watkin "Lewes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King fames the First, intituled, "An Act for the " recovering of fcnall Debts, and for the relieving of " poor Debtors in London," and an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court t>f Requests in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed. That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

The House proceeded td take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of defective Weights, and of false and unequal Balances.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 8. After *« Rate" leave out to "And" in 1. 24. in the same Press.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Sir Philip Stephens, according to Order, reported Bill for the from the Committee of the whole House, to whom bet,er Encou-the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the seame^re-Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ported, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the " last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy " and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy, and " for making further Provisions for those Purposes;" and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the " more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's " Navy and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's Navy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Day appointed for confulering Report on Petition respecting Notices of a future Application to amend Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whefe Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and Owners of Lands lying in, and adjoining to, the Middle and South Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and of the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, and in divers other Lands adjoining, or near to, the said River Ouze, and draining through the same to Sea, was referred, be taken into further Considerktion Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to amend Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, su^p^Ted!8 made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating " the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of " the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for " permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign " Ships;" and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships, b« now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allow-.

<c ance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty " on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the " Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships;" and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said & For,eft

612

A. 1795.

Forest to lead to certain Places in and near the same; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads from the Bottom of a Place called The Viney Hill, in the said Forest, through the

Tything of Etloe and Dutchv of , to and through the Ty things of Gatcomb and Pur ton, and to the River Severn, in the Parish of , in the said County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Board of Agriculture do lay Agriculture before this House, a Copy of the Minutes of their Prompt sting ceedings, respecting their Examinations into the best

or* Mode of draining of Lands.

Bill to prevent Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Persons felling Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Ale, arc. Prevention of selling Ale, and other Liquors, by paired. Persons not duly licensed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for permitting Ale to be sold in Booths at Fairs, in the usual Manner.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 20. 1. 32. To leave out the Proviso at the End of the Bill.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale, and other Liquors, by Persons not duly licensed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Consolidated The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Ma-paiTedf" jesty a certain Sum of Money put of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

Olafs Duties Bui passed.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for better securing the Duties on Glas>, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better itcuiing the Duties on Glass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Sinclair presented to the House, pursuant Report of to their Order, Board of

A Paper, intituled, "Report of the Committee of " the Board of Agriculture, respecting Mr. s

" Mode of Draining."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preservtd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Agriculture

respecting

Draining,

presented.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bin toprobi-prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of

Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, wheat.&c. or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, 0,deri;'1-or Bran: And that Mr. Roje and Mr. Hujfey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Provisions of an Friendly So-Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His p^-." Bl‘1 present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies," for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to other Institutions of a charitable Nature, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 20. After " Institutions" to insert " and " Societies."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act; for more effectually carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies," and for extending fp much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Sotieties, and the Appointment of Treal'urers to other Institutions of a charitable Nature.

Ordered, That Mr. Roje do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Reportof Paper, intituled, *« Report of the Committee of the " Board of Agriculture, respecting Mr. Elkington'& toSprint3. " Mode of Draining," be printed, as shall besufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Princefsof Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better enabling wu« jom-His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain [h^Third* Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess of Time. Wales, for the Term of Her Life, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that the Jointure, given to Her Royal Highness by the Bill, shall be in Bar of Dower.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And a Motion being made, That the said Clause be Debate on read the Third Time; fa°c

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; enufe the

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till To- Third Time

J adjourned.

morrow Morning. . ' *

Ordered,

(Committee on Bill for preventing the conuacting of Debts by any future Prince of Wale*.

reported*

Order for rt-eeiving Report of Bill respelting Foreign , Infui ances discharged.

Committee on Bill lor

charging Wart house Rent on Wines j Scc. dec.

reported.

35 Geo. III. i8°j

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing the contrafting of Debts by any future Prince of IValesand for regulating the Mode of Expenditure, from the Time when a fepa^ rate Establishment shall be made for such future Prince of Wales, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr: Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. llobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BH1, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as exempts Foreign Insurances from Fire from the Duties on Policies of Insurance, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging Warehouse Rent on Wines, in certain Cafes, secured in His Majesty's Warehouses; for equalizing the Duties on Wines exported to India and China; and for providing Warehouses for Coffee

and Cocoa Nuts imported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. llobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart -accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qurftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed. ' '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Vol. L.

tunii Si J

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing; for a Time to be limited, the Importation of Goods from India and Chinet, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the India Company, in Ships not of British-built; nor registered as such, and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under cercain Restrictions, be now readi '

And the said Order being read Accordingly;

The said Bill was fead the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing, for a limited Time, the Importation of Goods from and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of built,

nor registered as such, and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr. llobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfelf1 into A Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to direct the IlTue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. 'Thomas Stanley reported from ihe Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dilefted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be noW received.

Mr. Thomas Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amehdrhents, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing a further Annuity to the Subscribers to the Sum of Eighteen Millions, authorized to be raised for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing a further Annuity to the Subscribers to the Sum of Eighteen Millions, authorized to be raised for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

7 R Veneris,

Bill for alibff^ ing the Import tation of Goods from India, Arc. in Ships not of Britishl-built* passed;

Committee oil Grenada and St Vincent'* Exchequer Bills Bill*

reported

Bill for allowing a further Annuity to ihe SubfcnWri to the Loan, passed.

*9* Junii.

A. 1795.

Vexerts, 19® die jun" >

Anno 35* Georgii III*1' Regis, 1795* Prayers.

faoufc refoltes TDESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling

Moni»U n tC of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morn-on *y* ing next.

Recommitted Mr. Alderman Lujklngton reported from the Com-Bin to amend mittee, to whom the Bill to amend, explain, and ren-

London small , n- r\ \ .9 . r

Debts, Sec,der more effectual, an Act made in the Third Year of

Acts,reported, the Reign of King fames the First, intituled, "An " Act for the recovering of small Debts, and for the " relieving of poor Debtors in London" and an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London,in ^nd by the said Two several Acts continued and established, was re-committed That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place } and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by O ne i and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Minute* of The House being informed, That Mr. Smy the from Wertm1riftr°f Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the Bridge Com- River Thames, from the City of to the of-

th^rAccount's* P°^,tc Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the pr!unteJ0.Un Door , he was called in , and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Minutes of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, for the Year 1794: And also,

One Year's Accounts of the Commissioners of West-mirjter Bridge, from the 5th of January 1794 to the 5 th of January 1795 »

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said Minutes and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A.w»ef» for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented

rbe'chapbin. to ^1S Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Thomas CauChaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

1 -.irm'. 10 be ptimrU#

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the F.nd of the 1 all Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Stffion, with an Index to the Fiftieth Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker}

and that no oilier Person do presume to print the fame.

ReJclved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatjell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred, on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session 01 Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved,. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed, by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament} and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said AddrelTes be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, to be advanced to Samuel Dunn, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House, from the Thirty-fourth Volume; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Sir Watkin Lewis reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for repairing the Common Sewer in Bridge Street, Blackjriars, in the City of London, or making a new Sewer instead of a certain Part thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the fame, was committed j and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written. Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, of Houses and Buildings erected upon, and of Wharfs and other Estates being Part of, the Ground and Soil embanked pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were severally referred} That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true { and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Pay for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several other

Persons,

Address for Money for printing the Journals.

Addrefi Expenca of* printing tho Votes.

Address for Expences of printing Bills, Reports, &c.

Address fot Money towards making n General Index to the Journals*

Blackfriart Sewer Bill

reported*

Report on Petition respsft-ine Notices of n future Application to amend Eats

55 Geo. 111. I 90 Junii.

ferink and Persons, whose Names ^re thereunto subscribed, on Belts'* e Aa ^alf ^n^kes and others, intrrested in the Navi-ftutber^confi* gation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and Owners of Lands lying in, and adjoining to, the

Middle and South Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and of the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, and in divers other Lands adjoining, or near to, the said River Ouze, and draining through the same to Sea, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Confederation.

And the said Report and Petition Were again read.

Resolved, That, in Consideration of the special Circumstances dated in the said Report, all Persons who gave their Consent to the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining, or near to, the said Levels, as all'o the Lands adjoining, or near to, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze from, or near, a Place called Eaa Brink, in the Parish of Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River , which was depending in this House in the Session of Parliament 1794, and which Consent was directed by a Resolution of this House of the 9th Day of May 1794, to be carried forward, and made applicable to the Bill for the like Purposes which was brought into this House in the present Session of Parliament, and which afterwards passed into a Law, shall be deemed and taken to be consenting to such Bill as in the said Petition and Report is referred to, if any such Bill shall be applied for in the next Session of Parliament, so far only as such Bill shall relate to the Extension of the Term during which the Taxes on the Lands, and the Tonnage on the Goods and Merchandize, were granted by the said Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, and to the better securing and repaying of the Money by the said Act authorized to be raised on the Credit of the said Taxes and Tonnage, unless such Persons shall, by themselves, or Agents, attend the Committee to whom such Bill may be committed, and express their Diflent, or shall give Certificates, or other Evidence of their Diflent, to be proved to the Satisfaction of such Committee.

Resolved, That in case it shall be thought expedient to apply to Parliament, in the next Session, for a Bill for the specific Purposes mentioned in the last Resolution, this House will deem general Notices of such intended Application inserted in <The London Gazette, and the different County Papers, as directed by the first Standing Order, of the 7th Day of May 1794, relating to Navigations, and given at the different Quarter Sessions of the Peace, in the Manner therein directed, to be sufficient Notices to the Parishes, Townships, or Places concerned, so far as such Bill shall relate to the Extension of the Term mentioned in the said lad Resolution.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be printed in The London Gazette, and in such Newspapers as are usually circulated in the Counties of , Nor-

folk, and Suffolk.

Bill to proM- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- der, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Wheat, Sit. making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Bar-fftfoteJ. ley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. commitui.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Qrd:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have Agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to declare that Hides and Skins, tanned by a new Method, shall be deemed tanned Hides and Skins within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties of Excise on Hidcis and Skins tanned in Great Britain without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for permitting the Importation of Organzined Thrown Silk* Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Persons detained in Gaol for want of Bail, in certain Cafes relating to the Public Revenue; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of the Drawback on China Ware, imported by the East India Company before the First Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing a more easy and Cxpedirious Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act to enable Boatswains, Gunners, and Carpenters serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their W'ives and Families; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of small Debts, and determining small Causes arifingout of Personal Contraft or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland i with some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords desire this House to fit a little longer, as it may be their Lordships shall have Oclafion to send to them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will continue fitting, as desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr; Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

The Lords have agreed to

Btt! relating to tanned Hides and Skins.

Bill for "permitting the Importation of Organzined Silk, Flax,&:c.

Bill for Relief of Persons detained for want of Bail.

China Ware

Drawback

Bill.

Bill for establishrg a more

e:tfr Method for Payment of Naval Otfi-cers Wages.

Bill to enable Boatswains, &c* to allot Part of their Pay for Maintenance of their Families.

Scotch small Debts Bid, with Amendments.

The Lords desire the House to fit*

House resolve4 to continue fitting.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Debate on the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made Yesterday, for reading, the Third Time, an ingrossed Clause, Third Time then offered to be added, by Way of Ryder, to the *

Bill for the better enabling His Majesty to make Pro- ^ded to Prin-vision for a sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal ( of Wale* Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of Her *

Life, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the said ingrossed Clause was read the Third Citufi tided; Time $ and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved,

0

Princes* of \VaIe*Jointure Bill passed.

Ad^ref* for Money to Mr* £ikington>

Grenada and St. Vincent s Exchequer Bills Bill passed*

Report on Iin« portation of Xape Seed, &c#

6l6

o cV 9 ♦

ip Jumu

A. 1795,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess of for the Term of

Her Life.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for issuing to Mr. "jofeph Elk, as an Inducement todifeover his Mode of Draining, such Sum as His Majesty in His Wisdom shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and to af-sure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same to His Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, $ £r

l Mr. Rcfe:

Tellers for the Nets, f !^r*

I Mr.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such fylembers of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling His Majesty to direct the IlTue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amounr, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 34. To leave out «« Daniel Giles'' and insert " Joseph Nutt" instead thereof; and to leave out " and."

1. 35. After " Plummto insert "

" briel Tucker and

" jaminSavage."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Importation of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling BritiJfjRape Seed shall be at cr above the Price

of Twenty Poundspcr Last, be now received.

Mr. Charles Tong accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Rdolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling p Last, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above the Price of f. 20 per Last, be laid upon the Importation of Rape, Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit Rape Seed to be imported into this Kingdom from any Country whatever without Payment of Duty, and to be secured in Ware-

houses in the same Manner as Corn.is now by Law permitted to be imported and warehoused.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequenc Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pur* That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First: of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charles Long,

Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and amend an Bill for Ae Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Swoon paffti. " Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen,

" and the more speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy," and for making further Provisions " for those Purposes," and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of " Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual " Manning His Majesty's Navy;" and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's Navy, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act,made in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and " effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy," for " making further Provisions for those Purposes," and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more " speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy;" and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to f*r

His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to y^^ofUnd give Directions that there be issued to the Commis- Revenue, sioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, such Sum as His Majesty shall think proper, for their Diligence and Attention in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them; and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the same to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as arc of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Bill for aliew. Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Rape inS,he !"P°r* Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, from any s*e«d"&c. ItL Country whatever, whenever the Prices of middling rented. British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit;

And the same was received; and read the First Time.-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. commited.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ResolvedkThat this House will, upon Monday Morn- ing

35 Geo. III. 190 — 2 i° 17

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. LutlcS, die Junii\ v

King'. Con- Notice being taken, That His Majesty's interest is Fw«!t0Ro*id» concerned in the Bill for amending, widening, im-Bui*. proving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the county of,

and for turning, altering, and changing the Course of the said Roads, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest to lead to certain Places in and near the same; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads from the Bottom of a Place called in the said Forest,

through the Tything of Etloe and Dutchyof , to and through the Tythings of Gatcomb and,

and to the River Severnin the Parish of , in the said County of Gloucester, which Bill was Yesterday reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Ryder (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Bill for charg- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Rentonw*irt»* Rcacting of the Bill (now ingrafted) for charging &c.&c.p*ffed! Warehouse Rent on Wines, in certain Cafes, secured in H is Majesty's Warehouses; for equalizing the Duties on Wines exported to India and China; and for providing Warehouses for Coffee and Cocoa Nuts imported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for charging Warehouse Rent on Wines, in certain Cafes, secured in His Majesty's Warehouses; for equalizing the Duties on Wines exported to India and China; and for providing Warehouses for Coffee and Cocoa Nuts imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

BUI for preventing the contracting of l)tbu by any future Prince of Walt*, pafleef.

The Lord* have agreed to

Emperor'i Loan Bill.

Poor Removal hi U.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for preventing the contracting of Debts by any future Prince of Wales, and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure, from the Time when a separate Establishment shall be made for such future Prince of be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for preventing the Accumulation of Debts by any future Heir Apparent of the Crown; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure, from the Time when a separate Establishment shall be made for such future Heir Apparenr.

Ordered, That Sir William Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Meffjge from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of Four Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act to prevent the Removal of Poor Perfo'ns, until they shall become actually chargeable; without any Amendment.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. L.

Anno 35* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1795*

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher k of the Black Rod: tb

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker repotted. That the House, at the Dcj-fire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of rence. His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbilliop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and the Lord Hawkesbury,named also in the said Commission,

did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Aficnc to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Di* vidends on a Loan of Four Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds to the Emperor of Germany:

An Act for establishing a more easy and expeditious Method for the punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy:

An Act to enable Boatswains, Gunners, and Carpenters, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families:

An Act for the Relief of Persons detained in Gaol for want of Bail, in certain Cafes relating to the Public Revenue:

An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of the Drawback on China Ware, imported by the East India Company before the First Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five i

An Act to declare that Hides and Skins, tanned by a new Method, shall be deemed tanned Hides and Skins within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain:

An Act for permitting the Importation of Organiined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, for a limited Time:

An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the Payment of the Duties in Scotland

4

upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England -,to continue so much of an Act, made

in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; and to make perpetual the Duties granted by an Act, made in the T wcnty-sevenih Year

7 S of

oral Assent Bill*.

618 it° f unit. A. 1795.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Worts, f< and for making proper Avenues and Roads Waft, and other Liquors, for extracting Spirits for " to and from the same, and for making Satisfaction Home Consumption: to the Proprietors of a Ferry across the said River

An Act for further encouraging and regulating the " at aforesaid }" and for enabling the Trustees

Southern Whale Fisheries: for executing the said Act to re-build the said Bridge:

An Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act, pass- An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, ed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An and improving, the Commons and Waste Grounds Act for the Discharge 'ofcertain Insolvent Deb- within the several Pariftes of

« tors:" and in the Isle o in the County of

'An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheri- Lincoln, and also for making a Compensation for the tance of certain Lands or Grounds situate at or near Tythes arising from the said Commons, and from ccr-Pain/biU, in the several Pariftes of Cobbam, Walton, tain other Lands within the said Pariftes: and Wifley, in the County of Surrey, to George Cham- An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the

berlaine, Esquire, George Bond, Esquire, One of His Powers, of an Act,'passed in the Thirteenth Year of Majesty's Serjeants at Law, and Sir Samuel Hayes, Ba- the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the ronet, of the Kingdom of Ireland, upon the Trusts de- Road from The Royal Oak, on Wrotham , to the dared by the Will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, Town of Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and deceased, of and concerning his Estate at Painjhill from thence to Foot's , and from the said Royal aforesaid: Oak to the Town of Maidstone, in the said County,

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of and for making a Road from the said Road between Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Wrotham and Maidstone into the present Turnpike Protestant Purchasers: Road leading from Mereworth to , in the fitid

An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying County:

Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: An Act to enable the Commissioners and Trustees

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the of the Reign of His present Majesty, Intituled, "An better Regulation of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty " Act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Chapmen; and for repealing so much of the said Act Lands lying in the several Pariftes of Spalding (in-as restrains them from felling Goods, Wares, or Mer- " eluding the Hamlets of Cowbit and chandize, within a certain Distance from any City or *c , Wbaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton

Market Town: . " Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the , all in South Holland, in the County of -

Use of defedive Weights, and of false and unequal " coin," to support and repair a certain Bank extend-Balances: ingfrom Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, in the

An Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty said County, and to amend and repair the Road there-and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the upon,) and for compounding with the Creditors under Poffdfions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Ma-Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bride- jesty's Reign, for making and keeping in Repair the

well, and Saint Thomas the Apojlle, and other the Go- said Road:

vernors of Christ's Hospital, to purchase Houses and An Act to prevent the Removal of Poor Persons, Ground for enlarging Christ's Hospitals in London, and until they shall become actually chargeable: at Hertford, and creding additional Buildings thereto j An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the and for other Purposes: Open Fields, Pasture, Waste, and other Uninclosed

An Act for improving and supporting the Naviga- Lands and Grounds, within the Parift or Lordship of tion of the River Ivel, otherwise Teo, from the Town Londonthorpe, in the County of Lincoln: of Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the Parish of Huish An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Cotpmons Episcopi, in the County of Somerset, and for making and Waste Grounds, within the Barony of,

a Navigable Cut from thence into a certain Drain, in the County of Cumberland:

called Portlake Rhine,in the Parish of Langport, in An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the the same County, and for making the said Drain navi- Open Fields, Heaths, Pastures, Commonable Lands, gable from thence to the River Parrett, below Great and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberties Bow Bridge, in the Town of Langport: of Spiltlegate, Houghton, and Walton, in the Parish of

''An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Grantham, in the County of Lincoln: an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to ex- Waste Lands, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, " plain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much within the Manor and Parift of Eckington, in the of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth County of Derby: '

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for im- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arabic proving and completing the Navigation of the Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London to Grounds, within the Pariftes of East Stoke and , the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as in the County of Nottingham 5 and for ascertaining the

relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundaries between the said Pariftes:

<« Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the near Staines, in the County of Middlesex,to the said Open Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within " Town of Cricklade-"and for extending and en- the Parish of Harlaxton, in the County of Lincoln:

larging the Powers of the said several Acts, passed in An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Lands, Common Warren, and Waste Grounds, within improving and completing of the Navigation of the the Parish of Millbrooke, in the County of Bedford: said Rivers, from the Jurisdiction of the City of Lon- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-don, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the mon Fields, and such other Commonable Lands and Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts: Waste Grounds as are within, and solely belonging to.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thir- the Lordship of Owmby, in the Parish of Searby, in the teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, County of

intituled, An Act for building a Bridge across the An Act for dividing,^allotting, and inclosing, the " River Severn near Rtdstone, in the County of Wor- Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Black friart &cwer Bill passed*

35 Geo. III. ai° Junii. . 6ig

mon Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Stratton Saint was amended at the Table accordingly.

Margarets, in the County of Wilts: Rejolv That the Bill do pass: And that the Title An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common be. An Act for repairing the Common Sewer in New Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within Bridge Street, in the City of , or the Parish of Great Parndon, in the County of Essex: making a new Sewer instead of the defective Part or

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer- Parts thereof; and for maintaining and cleansing the tain Trad of Common or Waste Ground, called Edg- fame. worth Moor, in the Township of Edgworth, in the Pa- Ordered, That Sir Wat kin Lewes do carry the Bill

rish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. lutneafter:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Iflbe his Warrant llamff Writ, Open Common Fields, Common.Pastures, Common- to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ able and Waste Lands, and Fen Lands, within the for the eleding of a Commissioner to serve in this pre-Manor and Parish of Warboys, in the County of Hun- sent Parliament for the Shire of j in the room of tingdon: Sir James Grant, Baronet, who, since his Election for

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Receiver and Waste Lands within the Lordship or Liberty of and Cashier of the Excise in Scotland,

Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-‘ Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend, explain, toMotion for

tures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Third reading Bill w

within the Parish of Ravenjlborpe, in the County of Year of the Reign of King James the First; intituled,

Northampton: tl An Act for the recovering of small Debts, and for the See. Act*. the

An Act for naturalizing Peter Boileau." relieving of poor Debtors in ," and an Act,

made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repairing the the above-mentioned Act, and like wife for extending Common Sewer in Bridge Street, Blackfriars,in the the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of City of London, or making a new Sewer instead of a London, in and by the said Two several Acts con-

certain Part thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing tinued and established;

the fame, be now read. A Motion was made, and the Question being prb-

And the said Order being read accordingly; posed. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The said Bill was read the Third Time. An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Question, by leaving out the Word now," in order Bill, by Way of Ryder, for extending certain Provi- to add at the End of the Question, the Words " upon Cons of former Acts to this Act. this Day Three Months."

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; read, with Blanks. Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till after

And some of the said Provisions subjecting Persons the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders to Penalties in certain Cafes of the Day.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. The Lord* Committee of the whole House. Spranger: agreed to

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- Mr. Speaker,

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for repeat-upon the said Clause. Act for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, «>g additional

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Hpignof His SttgTcwchct. Committee. present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. " His Majesty several additional Rates and Duties

Sir WatkinLewes took the Chair of the Commit- upon Horses and Carriages with Four Wheels; and

tee. «( for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as as '

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three That they had gone through the said Clause, and made «« Wheels therein mentioned," as relates to the ad-several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- ditional Duties upon Coaches with Four Wheels, used rested him to report, when the House will please to re- as Stage Coaches; and for reducing the Duties upon ceive the fame. Carriages with less than Four Wheels, mostly used in

Ordered, That the Report be now received. the Affairs of Husbandry, or for the Purposes of

Sir Watkin Lewes accordingly reported from the Trade; without any Amendment: And also, said Committee, the Amendments which the Com- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An FriendN So-mittee had made to the said Clause, and which they Act for more effectually carrying into Execution an cieties Bill* had directed him to report to the House; and he Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the En-the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's couragement and Relief of Friendly Societies," and Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better agreed to by the House. Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the

And the said Clause was read the THird Time; and Appointment of Treasurers to other institutions of a ' upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the charitable Nature; without any Amendment: And House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder, also.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be The Lords have agreed to the Bill,' intituled, An Bill to amend made to the Bill; viz, Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year Aaretfrefting

Pr. 8. 1. 26. To leave out the Proviso. ' of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An u*n And the said Amendment was, upon the Question Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback

2 " and

Bill for allow, tug the Importation of Good* from India, Scc. in Shipa not of British-built.

Bill for allowing farther Time to take o«t Hair Powder Certificates, Jcc.

Bill to remove Doubts in Ex* cife Acts.

Consolidated Fund Bill*

Bill to prevent

AjnlicensedPersons selling Ale, See*

Glass Duties Bill.

Committee on Bill for allow. »ng the Importation of Rape Seed, Scc.

reported.

6 20

o cv

21 juniu

A- 1795-

" and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar " and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships;" and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing, for a limited Time, the Importation of Goods from India and Chin and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of Bt, nor registered as such, and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Persons to take out Certificates for using or wearing Hair Powder, in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates ififued for using Hair Powder ;" and also further Time for the Admeasurement and registering of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in pursuance of another AS of the same Session, intituled, An Act for requiring all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Descriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great to be registeredwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to remove Doubts arising from the ConstruSion of certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, respecting the Duties of Excise thereby granted on Walh, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Foreign Spirits, Wines, and Sweets; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale, and other Liquors, by Persons not duly licensed; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties on Glass; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Hobartreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Committees House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bi}l to prohibit, for a Time to be ing of Spirit*" limited, the making of Low Wines and Spirits from from Wbm, Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or c‘ from any Meal, Flour, or Bran;

Ordered, That it be an InstruSion to the said Com- Inftniflimi. mittee. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, upon Payment of Duty.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- rrpwted.

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order, made this Day, for resuming the ad- Debates

tT^i i a y Amendment

journed Debate on the Amendment which was pro- toMotionfoc posed to be made to thq Motion, That the ingrossed reading Bill Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, an d°0^7maUL°n'> Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Debt*, &c. James the First, intituled, "An Act for the recover-

r r rx ' i /* J ime, put oil

" ing of small Debts, and for the relieving of poor for Tim*

" Debtors in London," and an Act, made in the Four- Month*, teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act, and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, in and by the said Two several Acts continued and established, be now read the Third Time, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Mr. Rcfe have Leave to make a Billforallrw Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock. Seed, See.

And he moved the House accordingly; and, P*ffed*

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That ihe Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Roje have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

An ingossed Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited,

Bill to prohiHi* the making of Spirit* from Wheat, &« pa Old.

Dcnn Fore ft Roads Bill passed.

35 Geo. III.

22

Junii.

6i I

mited, the making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran, was read the Third Time.

Refoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Male, or any other Sore of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, dcpoOted in the Warehouics for Exportation, to be taken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. llclart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. llclart have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House arcordingly; and.

An ingrolud Bill for amending, widening,

ing, and keeping in Repair, several

o, improv-

Roads in and through His Majesty's Forelr of Dean> and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing the Course of the said Roacis, and for making several new Roads in the said Forest, to le:d to certain Places in and near the same; and also for amending*, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads from the Bottom of a Place called The Viney Hill, in the said Forest, through the Tything of Etioand Dutchy of Etloe, to and through the Tything* of Gatcomb and Pnrton, and to the River Severn, in the Parish of Awre, in the said County of Gloucester, v/as read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, b) Way of Ryder, That Horles and Carriages drawing Navy Timber, shall pay l oll but Oncea Day.

And the said Clause was i hrice read $ and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following, were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 36. To leave out " Eleven" and insert C4 Ten," instead thereof.

1. 37. After " Thousand" to insert " Six of Hundred," and to leave out " Forty-five."

1. 39. To leave out from <c Roads" to of have," in Pr. 4. 1. 3.

Pr. 4. 1. 34, After .<c towards" to insert tf re-

<c Paying-"

1. 39.To leave out " Eleven" and infert " Ten" instead thereof j after " Thousand," to insert " Six Hundred j" and to leave out " Forty-five."

Pr. 26. 1. 31. To leave out from " fame" to " shall," in 1. 34.

Pr. 31. 1. 16. At the End of the Line, to add " without the Consent of the " Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for 4t the Time being."

1. 20. At the End of the Line, to add " under and by virtue of the Powers herein after given for that Purpose."

Pr. 78. 1. 36. At the End of the Line, to add " other than and except the " King's Most Excellent Majesty. His Heirs and Succcfl'ors."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House} and the Bill was amended at the Tabltf accordingly.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Vol. L.

be. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing, the Course of the said Roads, and for making f'everal new Roads in the said Forest to lead to certain Places in and near the fame*, and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads leading from the Bottom of a Place called The Viney Hill, in the said Forest, through the Tything of Etloeand the iDutchy of to and through a Place called Gatcomb, in the Parjfhof Awre, and to and through the Tything of Pyrton, in the '

Parish'of Lidney, near the River Sevto a Place

called Gerjhill, in the said Tything of Pyrton and Pa-

rish of Lidney, in the said County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LordsAmend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, to Scotch

a n. / 1 1 r, _ ' small Debts

An Act for the more eaiy and expeditious Recovery Bitt agreed to of small Debts, and determining small Causes arising out of Personal Contraft or Obligation, in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland.

And the said Amendments were read* and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 28. Leave out from " Debts" to " Personal," in I. 29. and insert tc and the determining of " small Causes, or making ef- feftual any Demand arising " out of."

Leave our " and where" and ?n-fert " Provided always, That."

Leave out " Sum" and insert Value."

After " appointed" insert " or in " case of his failing to appoint by a Clerk to be appointed " within the respective Districts as herein after mentioned."

Leave out from " Party" to " Provided" in Line 17. in the "fame Press.

Leave out from " Prison" to " which" in 1. 35.

Leave out from " be" to " Provided," in line 28. in the same Press, and insert " summary,

*« videlicet, by carrying the Effects poinded to the nearest " Market Town, or KirkTown,

" or Village, within the Parish,

" and after getting the same duly appraised, felling them fC between the Hours of Eleven tc and Twelve Forenoon, at the " Cross, or most public Place,

« after One Hour's Notice *c given by a Crier, by Public . Roup to the highest Bidder,

returning the Overplus, if " any, to the Owner, after de-tc during what is allowed by " this Act for poinding and " Sale} and if the Effects are " not fold, delivering them over ,f at the appraised Value to the " Creditor to the Amount of the Debt, and of the Allowance for poinding. Provided 7 T " always.

1. 30. 1. 31. Pr. 2. 1. 5.

Pr. 4. 1. 9.

Pr.

1.

34.

Pr. 6. 1. 15.

House adjourned.

6l

6 0 0

22 — 24 — 25

Jurtii.

A.

*795

t f

Pr. 8. 1. co. ! 35*

always, that in case the Place of Sale is not a Market Town, " but only a Kirk Town or Village, the Place and Time " of Sale shall be advertised Two Days at lead before the " Day of Sale, at the Door of the Parish Church, upon Sun- day, after the Forenoon Ser-

44 mon."

Leave out Twelve o'Clock" and insert Eleven o'Clock fore." After certified" insert " and in " case the Justice of Peace Clerk shall fail to name a " Deputy in each of the said " DistriCb, on or before the Time so appointed for each " District Meeting, or before any subsequent Meeting, of

Jovis, 2 50 Junii

Anno 35°

Pr avers.

Georgii

III'11 Regis, 1795.

MR. Vice Chamberlain of the Household, reported au*- to the House, That their Address of Friday lad te (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. ‘Thomas Causton, Chaplain to this House) had

been presente^l to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He

will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Thomas as is deft red.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain of the Household also re* ported to the House, that their Addresses of Friday which the said Justice of Peace jaft (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to

44 Clerk has had personal No- tice, the said Justices who " shall attend at such District 44 Meeting or Meetings, shall, 44 and they are hereby cmpowered to name a Clerk for 4t that DistfiCt, who shall be re-

order the Sum of One thousand Eight hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hat jell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred, on Account of the printed Journal* and Reports of this House; and also, that Fils Ma-moveable by any subsequent jedy would be graciously pleased to give Directions Quarter Sessions, and another for defraying the F.xpence of printing and delivering

Clause (A) 1. 34.

44 Clerk may then be appointed by the said Quarter Sessions, 44 from Time to Time, as they " shall fee Cause."

In Clause (A) 1. 30. Leave our from Debts" to against," in 1. 32. and insert or the making ef- fectual any Demand arising out of personal Contract or Obligation."

After Edinburgh" insert Provided always, That the Debt or Demand shall not exceed the Value of Forty Pounds Scots."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords 5 and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordflnps.

And then the House adjourned till U'cdnejday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24° Junii;

Anno 35° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1795. Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Po-morrow Morning, Ten of the Clocks

the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers which have been printed, by Ordef of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Act-dreiTes.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain of the Household also reported to the House, that their Address of Friday lad (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, to be advanced to Samuel Dunn, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of nuking a General Index to thejournalsof this House, from the Thirty-fourth Volume; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that Fie will give Directions as defiied by the said Address.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain of the Household also reported to the Floufe, that their AdJrtfs of Friday la ft (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for issuing to Mr. Jcjepb as an

Inducement to discover his Mode of Draining, such Sum as His Majesty in His Wisdom shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and to allure Flis Majesty, that this House will make good the same to His Majesty) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addiefs.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain of the Household likewise reported to the House, that their Address of Friday lait (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions thac there be issued to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, such Sum as Flis Majesty shall think proper, lor their Diligence and Attention in che Executiun of the

u #

Truit reposed in them; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same to His Majesty) had been presented to His Majesty; a.ul that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this

House,

The Lords have agreed to

Knirefho-rough Eoreft Bill.

Bill for the better Encouragement of & linen.

35 Geo. III. i$6 Juniu

H mise, that lie will give Directions as desired by the f.iid Addrd's.

A Nefuge from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Stranger:

Mr. Speaker,'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enhrging the Time, and reviving certain Powers, granted by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reviving certain " Powers granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open " Parts of the Dillrift, called " lorough,in the County of as lie within the

" Eleven Conllableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned and, by an Act of the " fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for amend- ing the said former Act, and for making the said " Two Acts more effectual without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the daft " Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effect u-1 Manning His Majesty's Navy," and for " making further Provisions for tftofc Purposes j" and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Plis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy " and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy*" and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's,

Navy; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Bill to erect Act to enable His Majesty, under certain Regulations, to erect independent Burghs of Barony, in that Part of {^Scotland.* Great Britain called Scotland, and for removing certain Difficulties as to the granting of Leases in Towns and Villages on the Fishing Coasts of that Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for widen-Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near ‘Temple Bar, for making a more BarandSnow

commodious Street or Paffige at Snonv , and for Hill* raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes j without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Woolcomber* Act to enable Woolcombers to exercise Trades in any Town or Place in Great Britainj without any Amend-

ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, by His Account of Majesty's Command, Sdnfn<£

An Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance office for for the Year 1793, compared with the Grants by Par- £J»Pr* liament, and Sums reserved for the said Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j.

An

D

r — h

n‘

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

oo

FT.

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year i79> compared with the Grants by Parliament, and Sums referred for the said Year.

ON

— — Grants by Parliament, Charge of the Office of Sams unexpended*

and Sums reserved. Ordnance*

.LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY. f. s. d. I- d' *- d-

Salaries and Rents at the Tower, &c. — — — 13,616 17 6 13,425 10 4 191 7 2

North Britain — — — _ — 554 10 — 542 3 7 1265

Gibraltar — __ — 1,381 7 6 1,271 17 4 199 10 2

Jamaica - — 273 >5 " 273 *5 —

| . 584 462 13 2 121 6 10

St. Christopher — — — 584 371 1 8 212 18 4

Dominica - — 584 517 1 8 66 18 4

Pay of Civil Barbadoes — — — 584 486 11 8 O 00 4*

Officers and- St. Vincent - 584 — — 571 16 8 1234

Artificers at Grenada - — . — 584 450 6 1 133 *3 11

Bahama Islands — — — 219 — — 2x9 — —

Quebec *» - 861 15 — 836 14 9 25 - 3

r> 1 1 1 1 1 1 680 10 — 482 15 10 197 14 2

Annapolis - — 9* — 91 5 —

New BrunJwick — — — — 629 12 6 629 12 4 2

_St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland — — — 693 10 — 693 10 —

Pay of Matter Gunners in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park and the

Tower of London - _ 3,416 17 6 3>*39 14 6 *77 3 —

Incidents at the several Garrisons in Great Britain — — — 18,000 — — 22,990 11 9 — —

Ordinary Repairs — — . — — — . — 15,000 — — 16,601 — ri — — -

Fumishing and repairing, &c. Barrack Bedding in the several Forts, &c. in Great Britain,

Guernsey, and Jersey — — — . — . — __ 4^379 4 7 4>379 4 *7 *

Carried forward — £. 63,302 4 7 68,430 6 10 1,46310 5

Exceedings.

L s- *

4,99° n 9

1,601 — H

6,591 12 8

2 50 Junii. A. 1795.

o

r

Bro* forward

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower — — . —

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery — . __ — —

Pay of a Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery ——

Pay of Civil Officers, Professors, and Mailers of the Royal Military Academy at

Pay of Draughtfmen — — — ___ __________ __________

Pay of Superannuated and Difahled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pen-lions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, — — —

Fees at the Exchequer, &c< — —

EXTRAORDINARIES.

C

NEWFOUNDLAND.

For Repairs, Stores, Current Service, and Fuel for the Troops at St.John's and -

NOVA SCOTIA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

D

CQ

i — h

n‘

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

(3

For Stores sent

CJ

For Current Service, and Contingencies

to

t*i

D

ftEW BRUNSWICK.

Carried forward — £,

Grants by Parliament, and Sums rcfcrved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding*.

63,301 4 7 68,430 6 10 1,463 10 5 6,591 12 8

2,000 — — 1,979 16 11 20 3 1

11,984 15 — 11,680 18 — 3°3 *7 —

*47,°96 U — 7 5,966 II 2J *44,544 7 7 8,518 15 7

19,860 12 4 13,216 7 4 6,644 5 —

2,327 15 — 2,327 *5 —

2,066 5 — *>973 6 93 3 6

*>524 15 3 21,118 14 6 d\ I VO *

950 V VO iA 0 1 1

4,533 *4 ~ 3>9*1 9 *' 622 4 1

'2,000 7 *,735 — 2,605 6 1 1,129 *4 9

66 7 8 66 7 8

4,605 14 3 1,224 — 8 3,38* *3 7

290,0*0 7 1 274,028 12 — 22,583 7 9 6,591 12 8

35 Geo. III. 25* Junii.

Bro‘ forward

- c

QUEBEC.

For Current Service, Contingencies, and in full for a Supply of Stores.

UPPER CANADA.

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers, from nth September to 31st December 1793 i all'o for Tools for the said Company — — — — .

BERMUDA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies —

Brass Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores sent

BAHAMA *

For Current Service, and Contingencies — — —

JAMAICA.

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

for an additional Story to the Naval Storehouse, and a new Magazine for the Use of the

ANTIGUA.

t

For Current Service, and Contingencies — —

ST CHRISTOPHER.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

DOMINICA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies — — —

Carried forward —

6i6 2 50 Junii. A. 1795.

Bro' forward —

BARBADOES.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Towards completing the Stone Barracks at St. Ann's Castle — —

VINCENT.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

GRENADA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Contingencies on Account of the Expeditions from the Leeward and from Jamaica

Carrying on the necessary Works for the Security of the different Islands in the Wesi , and for Crefting Temporary Barracks and Hospicals for the Reception of the Troops —

For a Supply of Stores ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers, from nth September to 31st December 1793; also for Tools for the said Company ——

GIBRALTAR.

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers, and for Works, Contingencies, and Current

For the Purchase of sundry Plots of Ground on the Esplanade < — - — _

For a Supply of Stores and Bedding ——

l»i

>3

03

1*1

Carried forward

Grants by Parliament, and Sami reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sami unexpended. Exceeding*.

325,818 5 4 298,290 18 3 34,118 19 9 6,591 12 8

3,000 7 *,879 18 5J 2,880 3 — *>999 *5 5

a,000 — — 2, OOOO — —

3,000 — 7 1,64s 5113 3>233 5 10 1,415 T *

4*000 — — 3,804 1 11 195 18 1

6,254 16 3 6,254 16 3

99,798 1 8 99,798 1 8

3,798 10 6 3,798 10 6

1,005 2 2 782 18 1 222 4 1 )

30,000, *4) 57 5 11 5*4*3 14 1

i,66S 15 — — — 1,668 15 —

17,009 10 5 3>*35 7 3 13»874 3 2

500,88158 448,554 8 8 58,918 9 8 1 6,591 1 a: 8

u>

Cn

a

ta

O

c-n

ON

N

Bro* forward

o

o

jersey.

Towards fortifying St. Ililiier's — For the Pun hale of Lands D* — —

For Works, Repairs, and Contingencies —

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers For a Supply of Stores sent — —

GUERNSEY.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at other Places in the

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers — — — »

For a Supply of Powder and Stores sent — — — — .

ALDERNEY.

For a Supply of Ammunition and Stores sent ——

ISLE OF MAN.

Repairs and Current Service ——

Powder and Stores sent - — —

scot

Vox Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, Current Service, and Contin-

NORTH EAST DISTRICT.

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For Repairs of the Wharfing of the Garrison Embankment at Hull — —

Carried forward

Grants by Parliament, and Sums referred. r Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding*.

500,881 5 8 00 00 * vn 00 58,918 9 8 6,591 12 8

4,000 — — — — 4,000 — —

- 1,000 — —

I, COO —

3,250 2,902 18 9 347 1 3

962 — - JO 0 1 VO ON

2,580 10 II 2,580 10 11

4,000 — — 3,564 18 9 435 3

962 — 10 962 — 10

5*394 *4 "7 5*394 14 7

2,962 16 5 2,962 16 5

351 8 11 375 »7 9 MM 24 8 10

259 18 6 259 18 6 -

12,963 6 2 12,963 6 2 '

C- 1 1 O O O H

I, IIO 6 23 770 19 5 *>339 9

2,567 19 IO — . — 2,567 19 10

544,246 8 10 482*454 n 7 68,607 18 9 6,61 ji t 6

8 2 5° J A. 1795

Bro* forward

- £-

L AND G U A RDFORT. For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies — — —

CINQUE PORTS.

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

CHATHAM.

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham and Upnor , &c.

Current Service and Contingencies — .

For Repairs of the Lines — — — — «_

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — - — — . —

SHEERNESS.

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies — —

O

>3

Co

S

O

c;

GRAVESEND and TIL BURT. For Repairs of the Works — . — —

F E V E R S H A M.

For Repairs of the Buildings

Carried forward

Grants by Parliament, and Sums rci'ervtJ.

544,246 8 10

500 ----- --7

33 15 6}

2,000 — — 7 2,083 9 45

727 9 9]

449 *3 *M

1*924 8

2,000 — — 7

.707 a 5}

1.000 ----- -7

563 7

6.000 — —

571,566 5 XI

Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended* Exceeding*,.

482,254 11 7 68,607 18 9 6,616 1 6

53s 6

2,819 9 2 1,264 — 2

5*239 6 6 4,090 10 1

*>973 H 10 — — CO 0 0 *4 10

1,924 1 8

2,724 12 3 — — O IM cv p^ M

2,457 2 6 — — 893 14 7

5,238 8 8 761 11 4

505,170 2 8 74,724 — 4 8,327 17 1

00

cn

07

O

0\

VO

D

<9!

rH-

n'

CD

CL

cr

CD

O

Bro* forward —

PORTSMOUTH.

For Repairs of old Works and other Buildings at and various Places in the

For necessary Repairs to complete and improve the old Works round the Town —

For improving the Works at Cumberland Fort ——

For inclosing the Dock - - —

For Repairs of Lump's Battery v- ——

For Repairs of Eastney Battery ——

For re-building South Sea Caftlt — — — . — —

For building an additional Powder Magazine at Tipner in for

Use of the Navy — ' ——

For the Purchase of Lands of Mr. Leeke ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

GOSPORT.

For the Sea Wall at Hajlar Hospital - —

To continue the Sea Wall from the Front of Hajlar Hospital to Fort Moncklon *-

For Repairs of Breakwaters between Blockbouse Fort and Hajlar Hospital — —

For necessary Repairs at the Lines at Gosport, and Hard — —

For Repairs at Blockbouse Fort ——

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines — — —

For the Purchase of Ground of Mr. Pritchard, near the Lines at Priddy's Hard —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

Carried forward — £.

OS

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

571,566 5 11 505,170 8 74,724 — 4 8,327 *7 1

4>i53 — 11 5,929 1 4 — — 1,776 — 5

500 7 867 17 6 1,367 17 6

3,000 — — 3,000

1,817 3 11 1,817 3 11

*,97i 1 — — — 1,971 13 —

3,23a — 7 — — 3,232 — 7

5>oooo — — , — — 5,000 — —

-u.n a,1 is 9 i — — 3>981 *2 9

1/6&5 - 1,665

1,924 1 8 1,924 1 8 /

'i,592 16 1.1 _ — 1,992 16 11 *

2,000 - 7 i16 11 9 j i,330 — 5 786 11 4

4,455 — 4,455 — —

1,473 16 5 651 1 4 822 15 2

361 7 11 — — 361 7 11

1,258 19 5 2,521 12 9 — — 1,262 13 4

1 OS d SO — — 624 9 —

1,924 f 8 1,924 1 8

611,885 19 5 527,300 3 3 95,952 7 — 11,366 10 10

2 50 Junii. 1795*

4

Bro' forward — PLY M U For Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies —

For necessary Repairs at the Lines — — < — - —

For Magazines and Canal at KoybamPoint ——

For a Storehouse and Redoubts on the Heights of Maker — - —

Repairing the Lines round the Dock — —

For Repairs at the Citadel, St. Nicholas Island, and Batteries at the Entrance of Pay of a. Company of Royal Military Artificers — - — — .

LYME REGIS.

For Repairs of the Damages done to the Cobb at Lyme Regis, by the violent Storm which happened on 24th and 25th "January 1792 ——

WOOLWICH.

Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters, and for Contingencies — —

Erecting additionalStorehouses and Stables — — — . —

For re-building the Wharf — — __

Pay of & Company of Royal Military Artificers-

ROYAL LABORATORY.

For the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

WALTHAM ABBEY. For Repairs and additional Buildings — —

V SHIPPI N G.

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery, in Foreign Garrisons

2!

O PJ

Carried forward

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding*.

611,885 *9 5 527,300 3 3 95,952 7 — 11,366 10 10

a,000 — — 356 ~ 5 1,'-74 5 f 3.000 2.000 — — 408 7 1 i,924 1 8 5,610 16 1 165 10 9 262 8 2 47i 9 3 2,000 — — 1,924 1 8 170 9 8 9*1 17 — 2,528 10 9 408 7 1 3,610 16 1

9,802 5 — 9,$02 5 — -

3,000 7 *5* T Si 2i,355 10 5 3,230 2 — 3,"5 3 10 21,355 10 5 36 3 7 3,230 2 — ';

1,924 r 8 . 1,924 1 8 '

6,030 3 8 6,030 3 8

1,500 7 2,09? 3 9i. 3,525 a 73 2 7

2.500 7 2.500 j 63 4 — 4,936 16 —

676,820 7 8 - 573>747 13 n 00 V. 0 0 1 CO 14,977 6 II

os

VM.

35 Geo. III. 150 JuniL

Bro* forward —

DEFENCE OF THE COASTS.

Repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and putting them in a State of Defence; also, for the Purchase of Ground for that Purpose — — —

Iron Ordnance and Stores sent ——

For providing temporary Barracks for the Troops on the Coasts — — —

o

o

rT

REGIMENT of ARTILLERY, and CORPS of ROYAL MILITARY

ARTIFICERS.

For Contingencies of Artillery ——

Allowance for Bread, and additional Cloathing, for Artillery in Great,

and Jersey - — —

Allowance for Bread, and additional Cloathing, for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain — — _ — — _

For the Purchase of Horses, Levy Money, Arms and Accoutrements, Gun Carriages, Ammunition, and Baggage Waggons, Forge Carts, and Harness for the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery — — — - __

Pay of Five Companies of Roy^l Irish Artillery in the Service of Great Britain, from 20th August to 31st December 1793 — __ __

For the Purchase and Hire of Horses, and Pay of Conductors and Drivers attending the Battalion Guns and Trains of Artillery in; also, on Account of Contingencies — — _

Pay of Officers on the Artillery Staff in England ——

- £-

Carried forward

ON

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

676,820 7 8 573>747 »3 11 118,050 — 8 14,977 6 11

20,990 2 3 5>233 3 15,020 15 10 20,990 2 3 5>a33 3 a 15,020 15 10 V. ‘

6,000 — — 6,000 — —

6,153 2 6 6,153 2 6

1,768 14 — 1,240 12 2 528 1 10

42,279 9 4 31,640 17 10 10,638 11 6

M*3 H — 2,102 18 4 410 15 8

50,000 — — 6,000 — — 14,158 6 3 2,020 8 8 35>84* *3 9 3*979 " 4

83a>779 8 9 678*308 — 11 169,448 14 9 14,977 6 11

Ln

o

so

Lrx

Bro* forward

o

REGIMENTS of TOOT.

For supplying Worms, Turnfcrews, Pickers, and sundry ocher Articles, to the Effective Soldiers of the Foot Guards, and Marching Regiments of Infantry, in Great Britain —

FLINDERS.

Purchase of Horses for the Train of Artillery, Pay of Civil Officers, and Contingencies - -v

Pay of Two Companies of Royal Military Artificers, from tft April to 31st j also,

for Tools for the said Companies ——

EXPEDITION under the Command of Sir CHARLES.

4

Temporary Barracks for the Troop9 — — —

Pay of Civil Officers, and Contingencies

EXPEDITION under the Command of the Earl of MOIRA.

For the Purchase of 300 Horses — — —

Pay of Civil Officers, and Contingencies —

TOULON.'

For Contingencies

Carried forward

Grants by Parliament, and Sums referred. Charge of the Office ot Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding?.

832»779 8 9 678,308 — 11 169,448 14 9 / 14,977 6 11

1,260 ia — 7 954 *5 — J - - 2,215 8 —

28,298 16 3 - 28,298 16 3 I ''

3*9*5 *7 *0 2,444 16 2 147* 8 *

41,000 — — 38,164 9 — 2,835 11 —

1,064 3 8 1,064 3 8

7»5©o — — 7,500 — —

737 *6 — 737 16 — '

474 a 2 474 2 2

917,985 1* 8 756,992 4 2 >75,970 >5 5 A >4*977 $ *» I

35 Geo. III. 25° Jmti.

D

cq

r — h

N'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

Bro* forward —

Tor Small Arms

For Stores —

For Salt Petre ——

For Debts incurred previous to 31" December 1783

Grants 1793 —

Unprovided — Sums reserved

— . >C*739>257 3 $

— - 646,151 12 10

w- % 104,229 9 4

Total Land Service, carried forward — £.

N. B. The Sums reserved for completing the several Services for which they were voted in former Years, arc in this Account expressed in Red Ink.

l

Grants by Parliament* and Sams reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding!.

9*7*985 13 8 756,99a 4 3 175*970 15 5 14,977 6 11

158,813 6 17 7,885 a 76,560 5 9 90,138 a 4

369,69a 7 87 16,684 17 95 259*787 6 5 136*589 19 —

8,000 — — 8,000 — —

J7* 19 5 1 i 576 19 5;

j 1,489,638 5 7; 1,101,916 15 9 403,698 16 9 14,977 6 11

Os

4*

VO

V

Total Land Service, bro* forward — .

SEA SERVICE.

o

w

CO

o tt

cq' 5*3

n' (T\ <

Cl >

cr H

o t — i O

0 - z

Salaries and Rents — —

Halifax — — —

Jamaica — — —

Antigua ——

Kinjale — —

Contingencies of the Royal Laboratory — Ordnance and Stores — —

Making Powder — - —

Freight — — . —

Repairs of Buildings — — »

Incidents at the several Out Ports ' —

Salt Petre ——

Total Sea Service — Total Land and Sea Service

Note. — That besides the above Grants the following Sums have been received by the Treasurerj viz1.

On his voluntary Account — - — .

Calli received to vacate Imprefts

I-

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding!.

1,439,638 5 7 1,101,916 15 9 402,693 16 9 14,977 6 11

13,425 10 4

— — 82 12 11

— — 2,491 IO I

— — 55° 7 5

— — 278 5 2

— . — 6,121 19 10

► 172,707 17 u

— 90,596 1 2

— — 7>372 8 1

— — 11,534 14 5 ,

— " 4,973 16 7

— — 23)930 — 3

J 12,000 — —

172,707 17 11 i73>357 6 3 — — 649 8 4

1,662,346 3 6 L275>274 2 — 402,698 16 9 15,626 15 3

LAND. S E A.

12,734 5 11 575 5 11

50

12,784 5 n 575 5 11

Os

uo

(J1

Geo. III. 2 5" Junii.

OBSERVATIONS on Account 1793*

g

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

rT

land service.

The Total Sums unexpended, as Account, amount to —

Add the Voluntary Account — —

Total Exceed ings —

Total Amount unexpended —

Total Sums unexpended as above ——

Of which the following Sums unexpended may be applied in Discharge Viz'.

Salaries and Rents at the Tower ——

" North Britain ——

Gibraltar ——

St. Christopher ——

Dominica ——

Pay of Civil Officers and'* Artificers at

Barbadoes —

St. Vincent —

Grenada — *

Quebec —

Halifax — —

(_ iV«t» Brunswick —

Pay of Master Gunners and Gunners Cleaning and repairing Small Arms, Tower Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers Pay of Draughtfmen —

Pay of Superannuated Officers —

of Exceed ings,

£. s. d,

191 7 a

1265

109 10 2

xai 6 10

212 18 4

66 18 4

103 8 4

i* 3 4

133 *3 n

25 " 3 197 14 a

277 3 — so 3 I 303 17 —

93 3 6

406 — 9

£ s. d. 402,698 16 9

2,286 14 9

Sums reserved for the Services for which they were voted ——

Balance unexpended — Land Service

SEASERVICE.

The Total Exceedings amount to ——

The Voluntary Account amounts to ——

£ d.

— - 649 8 4

~ 57 5 5 "

Deficiency — Sea Service

Balance unexpended, in Account 1793 Balance exceeded, 31st December 1792

Office of Ordnance, 25 th June 1795.

Balance exceeded, 31st December 1793 —

John Sargent,

Clerk of the Ordnance.

- £-

£ s. d.

402,698 16 9

12,784 5 n

415.483 2 8

14.977 6 11

400,505 15 9

400,412 2 —

93 i3 9

74 2 5

19 it 4 1,351 16 7

i.33* 5 3

0\

Q\

U

CM

o

S?

1

no

cn

The Lord* hare agreed to

Bill to prohibit the making of Spirits f.om Wheat, See.

Bill for preventing the AccumrDtion of Debts by any future Heir Apparent of the Crown.

Bill for charging Warehouse Kent on Wiucs, Acc. Sec.

Bill for allow, irg the Im inflation < t Rape heed, Lc.

Bill to continue Act for En-couragerrent of Hemp and Flax passed.

Koval Aflfmt to Bills*

35 Geo. III. 250 — 2 6Junii 637

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the T able, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Craves and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other SortofGrain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran } and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to be taken out for Horne Consumption, on Payment of Duty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing the Accumulation of Debts by any future Heir Apparent of the Crown; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure, from the Time when a separate Establishment shall be made for such future Heir Apparent; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging Warehouse Rent on Wines, in certain Cafes, secured in His Majesty's Warehouses; for equalizing the Duties on Wines exported to India and China-, and for providing Warehouses for Coffee and Cocoa Nuts imported into this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and render more " effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Part of Great Britain called England," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first " Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that " Part of Great Britain called England."

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 26* die;

Anno 35* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1795. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to federal Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

Vol, L.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the D«-fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills and One Private Bill therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of,

the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President of the Council, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; Which Bills are as followed); viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for preventing the Accumulation of Debts by any future Heir Apparent of the Crown; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure, from the Time when a separare Establishment shall be made for such future Heir Apparent:

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Male, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran; and for permitting Home-made Spirits, deposited in the Warehouses for Exportation, to betaken out for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty:

An Act for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, from any Country whatever, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit:

An Act for allowing further Time for Persons to take out Certificates for using or wearing Hair Powder, in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued for using Hair " Powder;" and also further Time for the Admeasurement and Registering of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in pursuance of another Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for requiring all Boats, " Barges, and other Vessels, of certain Dcscriptions, used on Navigable Rivers, and on Inland Navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered:"

An Act for better securing the Duties on Glass:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for grant- ing to His Majesty several additional Rates and " Duties upon Horses, and Carriages with Four *l Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with Two or Three Wheels therein mentioned," as relates to the additional Duties upon Coaches >yith Four Wheels, used as Stage Coaches; and for reducing the Duties upon Carriages with less than Four Wheels, mostly used in the Affairs of Husbandry, or for the Purposes of Trade:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance " of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty " on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permiting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships

7 Z and

Googh

638 2 6 — 270 Junii. 1795.

£nd for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships:

An Act to remove Doubts arising from the Construction of certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, respecting the Duties of Excise thereby granted, on Walh, Coffee, Cdcoa Nuts, Foreign Spirits, Wines, and Sweets:

An Act for charging Warehouse Rent on Wines, in certain Cafes, secured in His Majesty's Warehouses; for equalizing the Duties on Wines exported to India and China; and for providing Warehouses for Coffee

and Cocoa Nuts imported into this Kingdom:

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale, and other Liquors, by Persons not duly licensed:

An Act for allowing, for a limited Time, the Importation of Goods from India and , and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, in Ships not of , nor

registered as such, and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy ,c and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy," and u for making further Provisions for those Purposes;" and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more " speedy and effectual Manning His Majesty's Navy;" and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's Navy;

An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly So- cieties," and for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to other Institutions of a charitable Nature:

An Act to enable His Majesty, under certain Regulations, to erect independent Burghs of Barony, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for removing certain Difficulties as to the granting of Leases in Towns and Villages on the Fishing Coasts of that Kingdom:

An Act to enable Woolcombers tp exercise Trades in any Town or Place in Great Britain:

An Act for the more easy and expeditious Recovery of small Debts, and determining small Causes arising out of Personal Contract or Obligation, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow , and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes:

An Act for enlarging the Time, and reviving certain Powers, granjed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act, made in the Tenth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled,

An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open *« Parts of the District, called The Forest of KnareJ- borough, in the County of York, as lie within the

" Eleven Constableries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;" and, by an Act of the " Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for amend- ing the said former Act, and for making the said " Two Acts more effectual."

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief The Lordi Justice Eyre and the Lord Chief Baron Macdonald: iw«»gieeJt»

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Prinaeof Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of during the *

joint Lives of His Majesty and of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision, out of His Revenues, for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from His Royal Highness; for preventing the Accumulation of Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Prineer* of Act for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of Her Life; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and

Mr. Spr anger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Black Fria» Act for repairing the Common Sewer in New Bridge SewerBl11-Street, Black Friars, in the City of , or making

a new Sewer instead of the defective Part or Parts thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the fame; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for allow. Act for allowing a further Annuity to the Subscribers AnmiUynT to the Sum of Eighteen Millions, authorized to be the Subscriber* raised for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven t®theLo»B-hundred and Ninety-five; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Grenada and Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of ixch^w1* Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Pur- BilUBiU. poses, and in the Manner therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 70 die yunii;

Anno 35® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Royal Assent Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: toBi,u- Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills following; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of , during the joint Lives of His Majesty and of His said Royal Highness; for making Provision, out of His Revenues, for the Payment of any Debts that may be due from His Royal Highness; for preventing the Accumulation of Debts in future; and for regulating the Mode of Expenditure of the said Revenues;

An Act for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for Her Royal 2 Highness

35 Geo. III. 270 Junii — 50 Augufli — 1° . 39

Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of Her Life:

An A<d for allowing a further Annuity to the Subscribers to the Sum of Eighteen Millions, authorized to be raised for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five:

An Ate for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner therein mentioned:

An Act for repairing the Common Sewer in New Bridge Street, Black Friars, in the City of London, or making a new sewer instead of the defective Part or Parts thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the fame.

After which. His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth } viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The zealous and uniform Regard which you have shewn to the general Interests of My People, and particularly the prudent, firm, and spirited Support which you have continued to afford Me, in the Prosecution of the great Contest in which We are (till unavoidably engaged, demand My warmed Acknowledgements.

The Encouragement which My Allies mult derive from the Knowledge of your Sentiments, and the extraordinary Exertions which you have enabled Me to make, in supperting and augmenting My Naval and Military Forces, afford the Means most likely to conduce to the Reltoration of Peace to these Kingdoms, and to the Re-cdablishment of general Tranquillity, on a ft cure, an honourable, and a lading Foundation.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have to return you My hearty Thanks for the liberal and ample Supplies which the Resources of the Country have enabled you to provide, beyond all former Example, for the various Exigencies of the Public Service.

I havealfo to acknowledge, with peculiar Scnfibility, the recent Proof which you have given Me of your Attachment to My Person and Family, in the Provision which you have made for settling the Establishment of the Prince and Princess of Wales, and for extricating the Prince from the Incumbrances in which He was involved.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is impossible to contemplate the internal Situation of the Enemy with whom We are contending, without indulging an Hope, that the present Circumstances of France may, in their Effects, haden the Return of such a State of Order and regular Government as may be capable of maintaining the accudomed Relations of Amity and Peace with other Powers.

The Issue, however, of these extraordinary Tran-factions is out of the Reach of human Forefight.

Till that desirable Period arrives, when My Subjc&s can be redored to the secure Enjoyment of the Blef-sings of Peace, I shall jiot fail to make the most effectual Ufcof the Force which you have put into My Hands.

It is with the utmod Satisfaction that I have recently received the Advices of an important and brilliant Success obtained over the Enemy, by a Detachment of My Fleet under the able Conduit of Lord fort.

I have every Reason to rely on the Continuance of the distinguished^Bravery and Conduct of My Fleet and Armies, as well as of the Zeal, Spirit, and Perseverance of My People, which have been uniformly manifeded through the whole Course of this jud and necessary War.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty's Command, said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, that Parliament this Parliament be prorogued to ,the 5th prorogued.

Day of August next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to,

the 5th Day of August nexc.

Mercurii, 50 die AuguJH;

Anno 2S° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1795.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Parliament Prorogation j and Mr. Speaker being in the prorogued. Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Sjhtarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Fburfday, the id Day of October next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the id

Day of ORober next.

Jovis, i° die OEl;

Anno 35^ Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1795.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the prorogued. Country j

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday, the 29th Day of this Indant j and the

Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the 29th Day of this Indant ORob

[INDEX removed.]

