JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS

From November the 20th, 1798,

In the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

August the 27th, 1799,

In the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 54.

Vol. 54.

B

.d by v^.

I Bayorfach#1 . I fltaatsbibliothek I

L Mflnchm I

JOURNA L S

OF THE

HOUSE

of COM M O N S.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Martis, 20 die Novembris; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

IfWbge

attend His

hfijcftjr.

Writ Iffbed in Reeds.

Members t kt OatUs.

Anno 39 Georgii III'" Regis, 1798.

A MESSAGE fronr His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Uftjer 01 the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the " Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants, to the Clerk of w the Crown, for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner " therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provivisions for the like Purposes," he had ilftied his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places j viz. for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton in the room of James Adair, Esquire, deceased; for the County of Lei-

cejier, in the room of William , Esquire, deceased;

and for the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York, in the room of William Lawrence, Esquire, deceased.

A Member present, and several Members returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and Cub feribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for _ those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in, to the Clerk of this House, an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

Vox,. 54.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had,-to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

1

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Events which have taken place in the Course of the present Year, and the lignal Success which, by the Blelfing of Providence, has attended My Arms, have been productive of the happielt Consequences, and have essentially promoted the Prolperity and Glory of Our Country.

The unexampled Series of Our Naval Triumphs has received fresh Splendour from the memorable and deci-five Action, in which a Detachment of My Fleet, under the Command of Rear Admiral Lord attacked,

and almost totally destroyed, a superior Force of the Enemy, strengthened by every Advantage of Situation: By this great and brilliant Victory, an Enterprize, of which the Injustice, Perfidy, and Extravagance, had fixed the Attention of the World, and which was peculiarly directed against some of the most valuable Interests of the British Empire, has, in the first Instance, been

turned to the Confusion of its Authors; and the Blow thus given to the Power and Influence of France has afforded an Opening, which, if improved by suitable Exertions on the Part of other Powers, may lead to the general Deliverance of Europe.

The Wisdom and Magnanimity so eminently dif-played at this Conjuncture by the Emperor of and the Decision and Vigour of the Ottoman Porte, have shewn that those Powers are impressed with a just Sense of the present Crisis; and their Example, joined to the Disposition manifested almost univerlally in the different Countries struggling under the Yoke of , must be a powerful Encouragement to other States to adopt that vigorous Line of Conduct, which Experience has proved to be alone consistent with Security or Honour.

The Extent of Otir Preparations at Home, and the Demonstrations of Zeal and Spirit among all Ranks of

My

Outlawry Billy read.

Mr. Speaker reports the Kang'sSpeech.

4 20° Novembris. . 1798.

My Subjects, have deterred the Enemy from attempt ing to execute their vain Threat of invading the Coults of this Kingdom.

In Ireland the Rebellion which they had instigated has been curbed and repjeffed; the Troops which they landed for its Support have beehi compelled to surrender; and the Armaments since destined for the same Purpose have, by the Vigilance and Activity of My Squadrons, been captured or dispersed.

I'he Views and Principles of those who, in Concert with Our inveterate Enemy, have long planned the Subversion of Our Constitution, have been fully detected and exposed, and their Treasons made manifest to the World. Those whom they had milled or fe-duced mull now be awakened to their Duty; and a just Sense of the Miseries and Horrors which these traitorous Designs have produced, must impress on the Minds of all My faithful Subjects the NccciTity of continuing to repel with Firmness every Attack on the Laws and established Government of their Country.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

Under the unavoidable Pressure of protracted War, it is a great Satisfaction to me to observe, that the Produce of the Public Revenue has proved fully adequate to the Encrease of our permanent Expenditure; that the National Credit has been maintained and improved; and that the Commerce and Industry of My Subjects have continued to encrease and flourish in a Degree hitherto unknown.

The Situation in which We are placed, unhappily renders the Continuance of heavy Expences indispensable for the Public Safety. But the State of Our Resources, and the good Sense and Public Spirit which prevail through every Part of My Kingdom, will, I trust, enable you to provide the necessary Supplies, without etrential Inconvenience to My People, and with as little Addition as possible to the permanent Burdens of the State. The Progress made towards such a System, by the Measures adopted in the last Session, and the Aid given to Public Credit by the Pian for the Redemption of the Land Tax, have been attended with the most beneficial Effects, which you will, I am persuaded, omit no Opportunity to, confirm and improve.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I rely with Confidence, on the Continuance of your Exertions to enable Me ultimately to conduct the great Contest in which We are engaged to a' safe and honourable Conclusion.

We have surmounted many and great Difficulties. Our Perseverance in a just Caule has been rewarded with distinguished Succels; and our present Situation, compared with that of other Countries, sufficiently proves how much, in a Period of general Danger and Calamity, the Security and Ilappiness of the Nation have

depended (under the Blessing of Providence) on its own Constancy, its Energy, and its Virtue.

Resolution for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to K'iv-rejS °n Ibs Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this Sptcch. House for l lis most G racious Speech from the Throne: To congratulate His Majesty on the signal Success which, by the Blessing of Providence, has attended His Majesty's Arms, and particularly on the memorable and decisive Action in which a Detachment of His Majesty's Fleet, under the Command of Rear Admiral Lord Neifun, attacked, and almdft totally destroyed, a superior Force of the Enemy, strengthened by every Advantage of Situation:

To exprefe the just Pride and Exultation with which we observe that, by this great and brilliant Victory, an Enterprize, of which the Injustice, Perfidy, and Extravagance, had fixed the Attention of the World, and which was peculiarly directed against some of the most 6 - '

valuable Interests of the British Empire, has, in the first Instance, been turned to the Contusion ol its Authors; and our earnest Hope, that the Blow tlm: given to the Power and Influence of France, the laudable Example held out by the Emperor of Ruffin and the Ottoman Porte, and the Disposition maniftiled in the different Countries struggling under the Yoke of , may

encourage other Powers to adopt that vigorous Line of Conduct, which Experience has shewn to be alone confident with the Security and Honour of independent States, and which, if generally adopted, may lead to the Deliverance of Europe:

To allure His Majesty, that we are sensible of the peculiar Advantages derived to this Kingdom fresh the Extent of our Preparations at Home, and from the general Demonstrations of Zeal and Spirit among all Ranks of His Majesty's Subjects; and that we have seen, with the greatest Satisfaction, the Effect of the Measures adopted in Ireland for repressing a Rebellion instigated by our inveterate Enemy, the Surrender of the French Troops landed for its Support, and the fuc-cefsful Vigilance and Activity of His Majesty's Squadrons, in capturing or diiperfing the Armaments since destined for the same Purpose:

To testify to His Majesty the Abhorrence and Indignation with which we have observed the desperate Principles and Practices of those who have long planned the Subversion of our Constitution, which have now been fully detected and made manifest to the World; and our firm Persuasion that those, who had been milled or seduced, must now be awakened to their Duty; and that a just Sense of the Miseries and Horrors, which these traitorous Designs have produced, must imprers on the Minds of all His Majesty's faithful Subjects the Necessity of continuing to repel with Firmness every Attack on the Laws and established Government of their Country:

To beg His Majesty to believe that we shall diligently apply ourselves to the Consideration of such Measures as may provide the necessary Supplies with as little Inconvenience to His People, and as little Addition to the permanent Burdens of the State, as the Circumstances will admit; that, under the unavoidable Pressure of protracted War, while we join with His Majesty in regretting the indispensable Necessity of heavy Expences, we shall derive the greatest Satisfaction and Confidence from the productive State of the Revenue, the Maintenance and Improvement of Public Credit, and the Extent and Prosperity of the Commerce and Industry of His Majesty's Subjects; and that we shall eagerly avail ourselves of every Opportunity to cultivate and improve Advantages lo important to the Public Safety and Welfare:

To renew to His Majesty the solemn Assurances of our firm and unalterable Determination to perlevere in those Exertions which may enable His Majfelly to con-dust the great Contest in which we are engaged to a safe and honourable Conclusion; and, animated alike by a Sense of the Difficulties we have surmounted, and of the distinguished Success which has rewarded our Perseverance in a just Cause, uniformly to maintain those Principles, an Adherence to which in a Period of general Danger and Calamity has procured to us the 'Advantages of our present Situation, and will, we trust, under every Vicissitude, continue to prove that the Security and Happiness of the British Nation find the surest Support (under the Blessing of Providence) in its own Constancy, its Energy, and its Virtue.

Ordered, That a Cortunittee be appointed to draw up CoraF':n'e an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upop the draw up aj-said Resolution: dress.

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Sir Henry Paulet Saba John Mildmay,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Adams, Mr. Shaw Le-fevre, the Lord HawkeJhury, FAx. Attorney General, Mr.

Douglas,

39 Geo. III. -20° — 21 0 Novembris.

Douglas, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Long, Mr. Nepean, Mr. kins Browne, Mr. Canning, Mr. Rose, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.; or

any Five of them; and they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

Kinf'sSpetch, Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech Rtcrrcd. foofh Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said

Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 21° die;

Anno 390 Georgii III " Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

SlSSon. /y PETITION of Fredrick Hennings, a Na-

tive of Elbing, in was presented to the

House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

HytheWnt. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Hytlie, in the" County of Kent, in the room of Sir Charles Farnaby Baronet, deceased.

Derby Deb- A Petition of the several Debtors, how confined in for Petition. His Majesty's Gaol for the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Grand Com- Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do

ninecs ap- fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

pointed.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do lit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do lit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Re- ^er Orders turns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Ele<ftion of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime-and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence,- in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do lit Resolved, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House. for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do,

by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient committee of Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- fj^e, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the P-iviicges »p- pointed: Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons

pointed. And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hobart, Ge- intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted

neral Tarleion, Mr. Dent, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Penn, for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Chancellor of the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same Exchequer, the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that . Secretary Dundas, Mr. Townsend, Sir William Geary, Mr. the Sitting Members-do, by themselves, or by their Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Alderman Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts on Anderson, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, Mr. their Part to the Petitioners, or their Agents,

Buxton, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Dance, Sir John Mor- .

daunt, Mr. Sargent, Lord Granville Lcvefon Gowei', Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant-at Arms' attending this Baker, Mr. North, Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Blackburne of House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Lancashire, Mr. Grey, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hopkins, Lord Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed Viscount Belgrave; and all the Gentlemen of the Long of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or Robe: and all the Merchants in the House: And they any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the 1)0 Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Custody without the special Order of the House. to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of or.may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, locked up by him; and that he do not prelume to de-VOL.54, C lives

li° Novembfh. A. 1798.

liver the fafne to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day before the Door is locked upi

Ordered, That no Member of this House do prefuthe to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

that all Proceedings of Committees in a Mornings after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this jHotife be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame;

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon-, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said.Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put

in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do.ifibe his Warrant to Richmond the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wnt-electing of a Butgefs, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, in the room of Charles George Beauclerk, Esquire, who, since-his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chil-tem Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bamfl' Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Bantff, in the room of William Grant, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Chief Justice of Chester.

Ordered, That the Reverend Dr. Rennell be desired to Dr. Rennell preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westmin- toPreach Jler, upon Tkurjday, the 29th Day of this Instant November, being the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation fora GeneralThankfgiving; and that Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. John Smyth do acquaint him therewith.

Lord Granville Levejon Gower reported from the AddneC. re . Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address agreed teT to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting of losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person, to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours' aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and 3

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjecb, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne; and to congratulate Your Majesty on the signal Succels which, by the Blessing of Providence, has attended Your Majesty's Arms, particularly on the memorable and decisive Action in which a Detachment erf Your Majesty's Fleet, under the Command of Rear Admiral Lord Nelson, attacked, and almost totally destroyed, a superior Force of the Enemy, strength^ned by every Advantage of Situation.

It is with just Pride and Exultation that we observe, that, by this great and brilliant Victory, an Enterprise, of which the Injustice, Perfidy, and Extravagance, had fixed the Attention of the World, and which was peculiarly directed against some of the most valuable Interests of the Briti/k Empire, has, in the first Instance, been turned to the Confusion of its Authors; and we entertain an earnest Hope, that the Blow thus given to the Power and Influence of France, the laudable Example held out by the Emperor of and The Ottoman. Porte, and the Disposition manifested in the different Countries struggling under the Yoke of France, may encourage other Powers to adopt that vigorous Line of Conduct, which Experience has shewn to be alone consistent with the Security and Honour of independent States, and which, if generally adopted, may lead to the Deliverance of Europe.

We are fully sensible of the peculiar Advantage *

derived

39 Geo. III. at® — aa°

derived to this Kingdom from the Extent of our Preparations at Home, and from the general Demonstrations of Zeal and Spirit among all Ranks of Your Majesty's Subjects; arid we have ieen, with the greatest Satisfaction, the Effect of the Measures adopted in Ireland for repressing a Rebellion instigated by our inveterate ' Enemy; the Surrender of the French Troops landed for _ its Support; and the fuccelsful Vigilance and Activity of Your Majesty's Squadrons in capturing or dispersing the Armaments since destined for the same Purpose.

We are anxious to testify to Your Majesty the Abhorrence and Indignation with which we have observed the desperate Principles and Practices of those who have long planned the Subversion of our Constitution, which have now been fully detected and made manifest to the World; and we cannot but express our firm Persuasion, . that those who have been milled or seduced mull now be awakened to their Duty, and that a just Sense of the Mileries and Horrors Which these traitorous Designs have produced, must impress on the Minds of all Your Majesty's faithful Subjects the Necessity of continuing to repel with Firinness every Attack on the Laws and established Government of their Country.

We shall not fail diligently to apply ourselves to the - Consideration of such Measures as may provide the necessary Supplies with as little Inconvenience to Your People, and as little Addition to the permanent Burdens of the State, as the Circumstances will admit; and, under the unavoidable Pressure of protracted War, while we join with Your Majesty in regretting the indispensable Necessity of heavy Expences, we shall derive the greatest Satisfaction and Confidence from the productive State of the Revenue, the Maintenance and Improvement of Public Credit, and the Extent and Prosperity of the Commerce and Industry of Your Majesty's Subjects; and that we shall eagerly avail ourselves of every Opportunity to cultivate and improve Advantages lb important to the Public Safety and Welfare.

We embrace with Satisfaction the Opportunity of thus renewing to Your Majesty the solemn Assurances of our firm and unalterable Determination, to persevere i« those Exertions which may enable Your Majesty to conduct the great Contest in which we are engaged to a lafe and honourable Conclusion. Animated alike by a Sense of the Difficulties we have surmounted, and of the distinguished Success which has rewarded our Perfe-verance in a just Cause, we shall uniformly maintain those Principles, an Adherence to which, in a Period of general Danger and Calamity, has procured to us the Advantages of our present Situation, and will, we trust, under every Vicissitude, continue to prove that the Security and Happiness of the Nation find the

surest Support (under the Blessing of Providence) in its own Constancy, its Energy, and its Virtue.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to His Majesty. *

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this Holile. r

King's Speech Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to

to be con- both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Consideratiofi Tomorrow Morning.

Vote of Resolved, Nemine Contr, That the Thanks of

LotdNeifon, House be given to Rear Admiral Lord Ne/fon, c. Stc. Knight of the most Honourable Ordef Of the Bath, for his able and gallant CondhCt in the memorable and decisive Victory obtained over the French Fleet, near the Mouth of the Nile, on the ift, ad, and 3d of August last.

VOL.54.

Novembris. 7

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the several Captains and Officers in the Fleet under, the Command of Rear Admiral Lord Nelson, on the ift, 2d, and 3d of August last, who, by their Bravery and good Conduct, contributed to the glorious Success of those Days; and that Rear Admiral Lord Nelson do signify the same to them.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge the Services of the Seamen'and Marines on Board the Ships under the Command of Rear Admiral Lord Nelson, in the late glorious Victory over the French Fleet, near the Mouth of the Nile-, and that the Officers, commanding the several Ships, do signify the same to their respective Crews, and do thank them for their good Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions to Rear Admiral Lord Ne/fon.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Ad- Addrest for a dress be presented to His Majesty, humbly desiring that capSnWeit-His Majesty will be pleased to give Directions, that a cott. Monument be erected in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's, London, to the Memory of Captain George Blag-don West cott, of-His Majesty's Ship Majestic, who fell gloriously in the Naval Engagement of the First oiAuguft last, when a decisive Victory was obtained by Rear Admiral Lord Nelson over the French Fleet off the Mouth of the Nile-, and that this House will make good the Expence attending the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of Y°te of this House be giverito Sir John Bor lafe Warren, Baronet, joh^BorUue^ and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, Warren, &c« for his meritorious and successful Exertions on the 12th &c of October last, in the total Defeat of a French Armament, destined for the Invasion of the Kingdom of Ireland.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to the several Captains, and other Officers, on Board His Majesty's Ships which were engaged with the French Squadron, destined for the Coast of Ireland, in the Month of October last, for their Bravery and gallant Conduct in the Defeat of that Armament; and that Sir John Borlafe Warren do signify the same to them.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicetite, That this House doth highly approve of, and acknowledge, the Services of the Seamen and Marines on Board the several Ships engaged with the French Squadron, destined to the Coast of

Ireland, in the Month of October last; and that the Officers, commanding the several Ships, do signify the same to their respective Crews, and do thank them for their good Behaviour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

a.

Jovis, 2 2° die Novembris \

Anno 39 Georgii III. U Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

LORD Charles Henry Somerset reported to the House, The King ap;

That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His the House.7 Majesty's Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to

be

King's Message for granting an Annuity to Lord Ncllon.

Pownton

Writ.

King'sSpeech

considered.

Motion for a Supply.

To be conflicted in a Committee.

8 22 — 23® Navembris. 1798.

be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth;

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having taken into His Royal Consideration the signal and glorious Service performed by Rear Admiral Lord Nelson, in the memorable and decisive Victory obtained over a superior French Fleet off the the Mouth of the Nile, in the Month of Augttfi last, not only in the highest Degree honourable to himself, but eminently beneficial to His Majesty's Kingdoms; and being delirous to bestow upon the said Rear Admiral Lord Nelson some considerable and lasting Mark of His Royal Favour, as a Testimony of His Majesty's Approbation of such distinguished Service, and for this Purpose to give and grant unto the said Rear Admiral Lord Nelson, and to the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Rear Admiral Lord Nelson, to whom the Title of Baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, shall descend, for and during their Lives, a Net Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds per Annum: But His Majesty, not having it in His Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said Grant beyond the Term of His own Life, recommends it to His faithful Commons to consider of a proper Method of enabling His Majesty to grant the lame, and of extending, securing, and settling, such Annuity to the said Rear Admiral Lord Nelson, and to the Two next Persons on whom the Title of Baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, shall descend, in such Manner as shall be thought most effectual for the Benefit of the said Rear Admiral Lord Nelson, and his Family.

R.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Wilts, in the room of the Right Honourable Sir William Scott, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of President and Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by the Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 die Novetnbris\

Anno 39° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty Yesterday, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I return you My particular Thanks for this loyal and dutiful Address; and receive, with the greatest Satisfaction, your Congratulations on the late glorious Events, and the Declaration of your firm Adherence to those wife and honourable Principles which have uniformly guided your Conduct. The Perseverance and Firmness of Parliament, and the Zeal and Spirit of My People, will give additional Weight to My Exertions in endeavouring to improve the Advantages which this Country and Europe have every Reason to expect from the happy Consequences of the Success of My Arms, and from the present State and Disposition of other Powers.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for naturalizing Charles Fredrick Hennings: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Anthony Schick, Native of Vienna, in Austria, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Lea, ve may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in,' the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, now confined in His Majesty's Gaol for the County of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the several Insolvent Debtors, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, now confined in His Majesty's Gaol for the County of Northampton;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Hermenegild Augustus Maria was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and General Leland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sarah Baker, of Rochester, in the County of Kent, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the City of Rochester is a large and populous "City, and a great Number of Persons of considerable Property reside in it, and in the Neighbourhood, who are delirous of having a Theatre there under proper Regulations: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant her a Patent, for the Use of a Theatre in the said City.-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hiley , Mr. Bragge,

2 &c.

King's Art , fiver to Address.

Hennings Nat. Bill, presented.

Schick's Nat. Petition.

Worcester and Northampton Debtors Petitions.

Caftellain's Nat. Petitigpu

Rochester Theatre Pc tition *

39 Geo. III.

23 — 240 N

TTmc limited for receiving Petitions.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills after the 15th Day of February next.

Sabbatiy 240 die Novembrh\

Anno 390 Georgiilll'11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into y-'iAPTAIN according to Order, reported Report on

Committee on The House, according to uraer, reioivea ltieir into fteefor grant a Committee of the whole House, to take into Conti- from the Committee of the whole House' to whom

inf an An. deration His Majesty's most -Gracious Message of Yes- it was referred to take into Consideration His Majesty's an A»-

N"iot0Lord terdaY' relatin§ to , His Majesty's Recommendation for most Gracious Message of last, relating to His to Lord

" granting an Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds to Majesty's Recommendation for granting an Annuity of e °n'

Rear Admiral Lord Nelson, and his.Two next succeeding Two Thousand Pounds to Rear Admiral Lord Heirs Male, to whom the Title of Baron Nelson of the and his Two next succeeding Heirs Male, to whom Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, the Title of Baron N»lfon of the and of Burnham shall descend. Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, shall descend, the

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Resolution which the Committee had directed him

Captain Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee. to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Captain Berkeley reported from the Committee, That

Committee to consider of the Motion for a Supply.

they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

fame was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annual Sum of Two Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund, to commence from the First Day of August 1798, and be settled in the most beneficial Manner upon the present Lord Nelson, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Nelson, to whom the Title of Baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in

House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, that the County of Norfolk, shall descend.

a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported 'from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Captain Berkeley, Mr..Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, and the Lord Arden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report from

# i 1 1 1 r T _ a I. . 1 f 1 I r\ % T\ 1

Committee on the Motion for a Supply,

Bill respe cling the Negotiation ot Promissory Notes, ordered.

Ordered, That Mr. WilberforBird have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and An Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, inti-

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made upon Thursday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-tuled, " An Act to continue, until the Expiration of mittee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next to His Majesty.

Session of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the

Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the one, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Chapter Thirty-two, on the Tenth Day of March, House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Ma-and the other. Chapter Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth jesty.

Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and

Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Navy for the Year 1799, with an Estimate of the Half Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Ma- Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of Kav'y." jesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory the Marines, as were employed in the last Wat, be laid Notes, and Bills of Exchange,'under a limited Sum, before this House.-

~ ' CWvm/, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may

be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done said Act: And that Mr. Wilberforce Bird, Mr. Jefferys, upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the and Mr. Hobhouse, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Year 1799' belaid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Guards and And then ti e House adjourned till Tomorrow Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1799, be Garnton,‘ Morning, T:;i of the Clock. laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the ordr.anc.

Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year , 1799, be laid before this House.

OThat a List of the Regimental and War- Reduced rant Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of such Vol. 54. D of

M within that Part of Great Britain, called England," was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue for a Time to be limited, and to amend, the

Committee of Supply appointed.

Estimates,&c. ordered-. Ordinary of

Extra Navy.

Otikers.

IO

2 4° — 26° N.

A. 1798.

Che]Tea Out-Puifioners.

Services incurred, and not provided for.

Disposition of Grants.

Navy Debt.

of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the lad War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1 799, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an E(lunate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Che/fea Hospital, for the Year 1799, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing how the Monies, given for the Service of the Year 1798, have been dilpoied of, distinguished and Proprietors of Lands, and Persons interested, in the under their several Heads. Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Lands, in the Pari (h of Purton, otherwise Puri ion, in the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the County of Wilts, was prel'ented to the House, and read;

Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Jkiobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right Honourable AJldey

Cooper, Earl of Shnftesbury, and the humble Petition of

the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners

PuritonTncld-i'ure Petition.

Transport Service, &c.

B'l! to continue Act for Punishment of Attempts to seduce Sea or Land Forces, ordered.

30th September 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the probable Expence of the Transport Service, and for the Care and Custody of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad, for the Year 1799.

Refo/ved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Ellimatcs, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Prevention and Pu-

nishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to " Mutiny or Disobedience," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the " Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, divers Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in which the Properties of the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, are otherwise inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and incloied, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests, it would tend greatly to their Advantage, and also be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ashley and Lord Viscount do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. Douglas reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last (humbly desiring that His Majesty would be pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Cathedral Church of Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Paul's, London, to the Memory of Captain George

Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present of His Majesty's Ship MajeJUc, who

Majesty, Chapter Seventy, videlicet, on the Sixth Day fell glorioully in the Naval Engagement of the First of of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- August last, when a decisive Victory was obtained by seven, for the better Prevention and Punishment of At- Rear Admiral Lord Ne/Jon over the French Fleet off the tempts to feduc Persons serving in His Majesty's Mouth of the had been prel'ented to His Majesty; Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and AUc- and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint giance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny this House, that He will give Directions as desired by or Disobedience," might be read. the said Address.

And the same being read accordingly; Mr. Douglas also reported to the House, That their

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fur- Address of Saturday last (that His Majesty would tie

graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper

Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein

mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been

... . „ . presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom- Jommanded him to aJ 4int „lis H(,ule ,llatJ H> wili

ing. Ten of the Clock. give Directions accordingly.

Anfveer to Adresse.

ther to continue the said (irft-mentioned Act: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. John Smyth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

t

Ten of the Clock.

Schick's Nat. Bill prel'ented.

Cries Nat. Petition.

Luna, 26 die Novembris;

Anno 390 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1798, Prayers.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order,a Bill for naturalizing Anthony Schick: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Lawrence Gries, born at Hambro' in Germany, was presented to the House, and read;

Mr. Nepean presented to the House, pursuant to their riKmatw of Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for preicmed. the Year 1799: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what arc proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1799.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT

II

39 Geo. III.

26° Novembris.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1799.

N°

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing -the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Commissioners. of the Navy, with

their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto - - - -- - - --....

2.

3

5

Superannuated Sea Officers Pensions, and other Allowances

£.38,859 19 ii 19,277 12 3

1

6.

7-

8.

9./

Yards -

4,200 5 — ' 3,585 18 — 4,057 16 — 6,126 10 — 2,434 8 6

4,946 7 8

' Chatham - -

Deptford ——

Woolwich ——

Portsmouth ——

Sheerness - - . -

v Plymouth ——

10. - MusterMaster, and other Officers of the Out Ports - - - -.

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels inOrdinary - ....

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein ——

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and of Harbour Rigging ——

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, lAc. ——

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

17. Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment ——

18. Ordinary Charge of the Sick and Wounded Establishment - - - - 5 -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1799 - . _

£. s. dk

9i>i34 15 1 58,137 12 a

5>33r 5 *

7,438 6 11

43,903 14 11 40,606 5 — 30,810 — —

210,246 — '

142,000 — — 1,231 17 6

53,196 13 — 25,006 16 ip

729,063 6 7

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1799:

Seven Hundred and Twenty-nine Thousand and Sixty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Seven Pence.

A. S. Hamond.

tVm Rule. Geo. hogers.

J. Henjlo.

fV. Palmer.

Geo. Marsh. H. Harmood. S. Gambler,

t

VOL. 54.

NAVY

12

2 6° NovembriSr

A. 1798.

NAVY OFFICE, 26th November 1798.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 17991

PI ice where. Cunt. Ships Names. Buttdtrr&, or Nature of their Repair. *

DEPTFORD - - - 74 Courageux - - Building - - - - 1

New - - . Ordered to be built -

36 Aptetbyft - - Building - - - - J

3 Narcissus - - Ordered to be built -

3<s Crefcen - Middling Repair - . ]

Charge of their TOTAL.

Hulls, Mads, and Yards. \ Rigging and Stores.

14,000 — . 14,000

2,500 — 2,500

13,000 3,500 16,500

4 7° 330 4,5°o

4,50a 3 5°° 1 1 8,oco

6,500 — 6,500

44.670 7>33° 52iOOOO

6,000 6,000

i,5°° — 1,500

12,100 900 13 fOOOO

16,100 900 ‘17,000

9,700 3,800 13,500

45,400 5,6co 51,000

2,000 2,000

1,400 — . 1,400

3>5°° — 3 5°°

2,coo — 2,000

9,100 4,400 13,500

19,000 3,5°° 22,500

20; 500 — 20,500

8,300 — 8,300

9,600 3,oco 1 2,600

6,000 1,000 7,oco

81,400 11,900 95,300

6,290 4,560 10,850

3.940 75° 4,690

10,230 5,3 0 1 >»54°

10,000 10,000

2,000 1,000 3,000

16,780 3,760 20,540

12,880 3,460 16,340

4,140 2.4 0 6,560

2,170 2,660 4,830

2,640 1.730 4 370

50,610 15 030 65,640

4,000 ... 4,000

0,500 — 8,500

5,500 4,600 9>5co

8,000 3,000 11,coo

8,000 3,000. 11,000

14,000 4,000 18,000

1 5,000 1,000 6,noo

2,000 1,000 l,coo

55,000 16,000 71,000

287,310 61,170 348.480

12,790 6,970 19,760

!4\34° 7,040 21,380

18,240 5,800 24,040

10,420 6,100 16,520

8,620 3 39° 12,010

6,240 2,400 8,640

12,800 5,520 18,320

> 12,110 5 5^0 17 63°

19,180 10,450 29.630

21,030 13»S°° 34 53°

' I35»77° 66,690 202,460

- 287,310 61,170 348,480

- 423,080 127,860 550,940

WOOLWICH 5 -

CHATHAM

SHEERNESS

PORTSMOUTH

Time when may be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -

Completed.

Uncertain -Uncertain - -

May 1799 - -

Uncertain - February 1799

For fttch Ships as may be ordered in the Course of the Year to be repaired - -

..... Total

98

74

38

90

74

38

100

74

64

Ocean - - - Building" - ‘ -Building - - - - In Hand - "- Uncertain - -

Plant agenet In Hand - - Uncertain - -

Amazon - - Building - - - - In Hand - - March 1799

Hujfar - - - Building - - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - -

Ship as may be ordered in the Course of thr Year to be repaired- -

Total - -

New - - Ordered to be built - Uncertain - -

New - - - Ordered to be built - — — Uncertain - -

Revenge - Ordered to be built - — - Uncertain - -

Led a - - - Ordered to be built - _ — Uncertain - -

Active - BuiWing - - hi Hand" - - December 1799

Fi Story - - - Middling Repair - - February 1799 December 1799

Egmont Middling Repair - - March 1799 - December 1799

Irrcjtflible - - Middling Repair - - June 1799- - Uncertain - -

Delft - - f Between Middling 1 \ and Small Repair 5 Jdhuafy 1799 June 1799- -

Ruby - - f Between Middling 1 \ arid Small Repair j In"Hand - - March 1799 -

- - Total - -

Artt elope ' - - Building - - - - In Hand - - Uncertain - -

PLYMOUTH -

5°

For a Frigatethaf may be ordered for a Small Repair, when the Works of this Port will admit ——

Total -

Uncertain -Uncertain -March 1799 June 1799

March 1799

May 1799 -March 1799 Total -

August 1799 -Uncertain - -

June 1799 -

November 1795 February 1799 Total - -

Dreadnought New - - - Building - - -Ordered to be built - fn Hand - -

100 Britannia - - Small_Repair - - - January 1799

98 Impregnable - Small Repair - - - April 1799

ST Winchtlfea - - f Between Small and 7 \ Middling Repair 3 January 1799

4 Laurel - - - Sm I\ Repair - - - April 1799 -

Sloop Sardine - - Middling Repair - - January 1799

120 Caledonia - - Ordered to be built - _

no Hibernia - Building - - - - In Hand - -

98 VFindjor Cdjllt Very SmaH Repair - In Hand - -

74 Bedford - - Small Repair - - - June 1799 - -

114 Sanjofef - - Middling Repair - - 1799- -

80 Htrcult - - C Between Small and 7 ( Middling Repair j January 1799

36 Romulus - - Small Repair - September 1799

20 Courcur - - Very Small Repair - January 1799

TOTAL for the Ships in the KING'S YARDS

MERCHANTS YARDS.

RIVER THAMES - \ 36 New - - - Building - - - - In Hand - -

HARWICH- - - - 74 Conqueror - - Building - - - - In Hand - -

BUCKLERSHARD - - — Spencer - - Building - - - - In Hand - -

MILFORD - Milford - - Building - - - - In Hand - -

44 Lavinia - - Building - - - - In Hand - -

Sloop New - - - Building - - - - In Hand - -

BURSLEDON - - - 36 New - - - Building - - - - In Hand - -

BUCKLERSHARD - — New - - - Building - - - - In Hand - -

Towards 1 building Three , ?rigates by Contraft -

Uncertain

Towards building Six Sloops by Contract

Total -

TOTAL for the Ships in the KING' YARt>S, as above -

GRAND TOTAL for the Ships - -

On

39 Geo. III.

26° Novetnbris.

3

WOOLWICH

CHATHAM -

On WORKS of the YARDS:

To carry on at much of the Wharf Wall next the River as can be complied With; and building the Officers Coach Houses and Stables ——

Total -

To lay the Floors fit the Births and complete the nfew Stotehouse on the Anchor Wharf -..... - -

To Paving with Purbeck Squares the Ground Plodr of the New Storehouse on the Anchor Wharf - ....

PORTSMOUTH

Total -

- To complete the Walls for the Enlargement of the Bason with its Entrance together with the Entrances to the Two New Docks ——

To clear out and deepen the Bason to the Depth proposed ——

To build a long Jetty at the North Side of the Baffin -

To complete the Jetty at the South Side of the Baffin ——

To carry on the New South Dock in the Bason ——

To proceed with the Locks in the present Mast Pond and to trc& new Mail Houses

Total -

PLYMOUTH - - - Towards building a Wall digging and blowing away the Rock at the East End of the

Plank Hbufes that Hand over the Mast Locks/to form the Road in Front of the said Houses - -....

To blowing and levelling the Rock of White Hou/e Hill -

Towards building the Wharf Wall of the large South Jetty Head and Landing Place

Towards building the new Boat Houses

To erecting a new Flight of Stairs leading down the Yard fronting the Commissioners Lodgings ——

To digging away the Rock that the old Rope House flood on and Sail Green and building Slope Walls ——

To digging away the Rock that the higher old Storehouse Hands on

Towards building the EaH Cross intermediate new Storehouse -

Towards building dope Walls ^nd Stairs Coal Cellar! and Necessaries at the Back of the Officers new Offices -

To digging away the Rock at the Back of the Officers hew Offices and Slopes

To building a new Painter's Shop and Warehouses appertaining thereto agreeable to the Plan

To building a Reservoir for receiving the Water brought to the Yard Gates

Total -

GRAND TOTAL for the WORKS of the YARDS - - - £.

12,000

12, Oc0

3,77 *

290

4,060

47.680 i>3 70 15 006 i,oo6

25.000

20.000

110 056

56

500

1,830

2>S06

1 6 jo

1 240

1 506

1,500

1 000

900

2,000

1>S4Q

16,706

142 810

ABSTRACT.

For the Ships in His Majesty's YarM - - {r^ 348.4»o

For the Ships in the Merchants Yard - { R^ng ,;d 1 '^} 202,460

Towards the Improvements in the Yards

142,810

Grand Total - 693,7 56

Viz

The Stim of Six tiundred Ninety Three Thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds.

A. S. Ha

Geo. Roger

J. Henjlov Hi Harmeoi.

W Rule.

Geo. M S. Gambler.

VOL. 54.

Ordered,

Lord Nc! ion's Annuity Bill, presented.

Fftimntcs, p relented.

Guards arul Garrisons.

Forces in the

Plantations,

See.

General and Staff Officers, &c.

Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

Difference between Bri-tiffi and Irish Pay.

Troops in Boil: India.

Recruiting for D.

Recruiting Land Forces, ard Contingencies, &c.

Embodied Militu, Sec.

14 20° Novembris. . 179S.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Horatio Ne/fon Lord Ne/fon, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Ne/fon of the and of Burnham Thorpe, in the County of , shall

defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Horatio Ne/fon Lord , to His Majesty and the Public: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. t Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Air. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to Hh> Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jer-fev, Guernsey, and Alderney, and in Ireland, from 23th December 170S to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And all'o,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, (sfc.including those at Gibraltar, in Portugal, and at the Cape of Good Hope-, those on Special Service; and a Corps of Foot in South Wales; from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1799.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the Britishand Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for

Service Abroad, from 2 ^th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Twenty Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also, Estimate of the Charge' of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Twenty Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies, for His Majesty's Land Forces, and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and of several Corps of fencible Infantry, for the Year 1799: And all'o,

Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied A1 i 1 i 1 i a of Great Britain, and for several Corps of Fencible infantry, for the Year 1799: And also, Estimate of the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and for the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, for the Year 1799: And also, -

Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, from 25th December 1798 to 24th 1799, both inclusive, being 363 Days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of Extra Feed for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Embodied Provisional Cavalry, from 25th December 179S to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days: Arid also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December 179S to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Pay-master General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Commissary General of the Mullers; to the -Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the'Accounts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence, to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1799: And also, Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1799: And also,'

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the Stetes General, for the Year 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1799: And allb, '

Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in Great Britain, for the Year 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1799: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the Expences expected to be incurred in the Barrack Mailer General's Department, in the Year 1799.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates are as followeth;

ESTIMATE

Contingencies for Militia, &c.

Cloathing for DJ.

Fencible Cavalry.

Extra Feed for DJ.

Provisional

Cavalry.

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers#

Allowances to

the Pay mailer General, &c *

Subsistence paid to Innkeepers.

Half Pay.

D\

D\

Chelsea Hospital.

Widows

Pensions.

Volunteer

Corps.

Foreign

Corps.

Barrack Department.

D

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

rD

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Jar fey, , and , and in 7rc/<zy</; from 25th December

> 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

; — C O R P S. Numbers. Pay of Commitr.oned, Non-commissi. ned Officers, and Private Men, including the Additional Allowance to Subalrerns, See. Charge of the Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency, Allowances to Captains and Riding Mailers. T O 1 7 A L.

£. s. d. £- s' d. £ s. d. £. s. d. £ d-

[ First Regiment of Life Guards ----- - e94 - 28,008 9 8

Second Ditto - -- 293 - 27.594 3 — £. s. d.

X [ Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - - - 536 - 40,427 18 8

- 1,123 - - - 96,030 11 4

r First Regiment of Dragoon Guards - - - - 852 — 40,454-. 3 4 4,114 11 4 508 1 2 733 45,809 15 10

I Second Ditto - -- - - - - -- 684 — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 411 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

£ Third Ditto - -- 684 . — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 411 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

8/ . Major General Goldjworthy's Regiment of Dragoons 684 — 32,962 10 10 .3,292 18 5 411 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

SP\ Sir Ralph Abercromby's - -- -- - 684 — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 411 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

0 General Lafcedes' % ---- - - -- 685 ‘ — 32,999 — 10 3A99 5 2 41 — 4 586 8 — 37,296 14 4

Sir Robert Sloper's - -- -- - - - 684 — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 411 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

- The Earl of Pembroke's - -- -- - 684 " 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 41 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 --

- Lieutenant General David - - - - 684 — 32,962 xo 10 3,292 18 5 411 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 1© —

The Prince of Wales' % - -- -- - 684 — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 4II 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

The Marquis of Lothian's ----- -- 684 — 32,962 o 10 3,292 18 5 4II 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

cn C O General Craig's - -- - 684 — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 4II 12 9 586 8 - 37,253 10 —

8) Major General Eger ton's - -- -- - 684 — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 4II 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

Lord Dorchester's ---- ----- - 684 ' — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 411 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

D a General Har court's ----- -- - - 684 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 4II 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

Major General De Lancey's ----- -- 684 — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 4II 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

13 The Marquis of Drogheda's ----- -- 684 — 32,962 10 xo 3,292 18 5 4II 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

►H Colonel Beaumont's - -- 684 — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 411 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

General Manners's - -- 684 — 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 411 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 —

Sir Robert Lazvrie's - -- 684 13^49 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 4II 12 9 586 8 — 37,253 10 — 753,669 10 2

W 1 f First Regiment of Foot Guards ----- - 4,218 — — — I — — — — 128,670 9 6

0 c Cold dream Ditto - -- - 2.635 - - . ' — — — 80,826 11 7

t Third Ditto - -- 2.635 — — — _ — — . - 80,881 6 7

9,488 - - - — 290,378 7 8

General Morrijm's Regiment of Foot - - - - 718 — J9'399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

Lieutenant General Clarke's ----- -- 718 — i9'399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12- 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

4j O Lieutenant General Ralph Dundas's - - - - 718 — 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 " 22,277 13 —

O u Lieutenant General Bertie's ----- -- 718 — 19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 JS — 22,277 13 —

General Grant's - -- - 718 — 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 i5 — 22,277 13 —

Lieutenant General Powell's ----- -- 718 — 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 " 22,277 13 — (Continued)

OO

VO

rfl

o

cn

(Continued)

'»> ' i . — .1. i A

CORPS.

e

o

Lieutenant General Bowyer Regiment of Foot

Lieutenant General Garth's ——

Lieutenant General Leigh's ——

Lieutenant General Hamilton's -

Lieutenant General Grenville's -

Lord George Lennox's ——

General Ma(fey's ——

The Earl of Rg/i's ——

Lord Southampton's ——

General Fletcher's ——

General 5/. John's ——

General Maitland's ——

General Trap anti's ——

General Tottenham's ——

Lieutenant General Norton's -

General Mathew's ——

The Earl of Balcarres's ——

lieutenant General Stevens's -

General Gordon's ——

Major General Stuart's ——

Colonel Cameron's ——

Major General s Major General Nugent's Royal Garrison Battalion

Fifty four Independent Companies of Invalids - -Garrisons ——

D

cq'

N

CD

Q.

cr

Total -

M

w War Office,

H a6th November 1798.

s

w

AT. In the above £ftimate is included the Charge of a Detachment of the Foot Guards serving in Ireland but remaining on the British Establishment, amounting for their Effective Numbers to 74 000/rr

Pay of Commissionecf Non-com m ifli oned Officers, and Private Men, including the Additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. Charge of the Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency.

/» J. d. C j. </ </.

j 9,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

9 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

9-399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

9 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

I9'399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 1 2 6

19399 7 S 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

9 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 22 6 12 6

19.399 7 S 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

19 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

9 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

19.399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

9-399 7 S 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

9,399 7 S 2,177 18 1 226 It 6

9 399 7 S 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

9 399 7 5 2,'77 18 1 226 12 6

9 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

9-399 7 5 2,'77 18 1 226 12 6

9-39 9 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

9'399 7 5 2,177 18 1 22 6 12 6

9 19 4 6 2,177 18 1 225 I I 2

9 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

9 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6

18,283 1 7 2,093 8 8 217 17 2

118,983 18 4 15,000 1,300 5 6

28,734 7 6 782 2 2 — ►

i>395>2 42 8 9 147,721 3 3 16,448 4 IO

Allowances to Captains and Riding Mailers. TOTAL.

£ d. jC I. d.

473 15 — 22,277 13 —

473 15 — 22,277 3 — 4

473 5 — 22,277 13 —

473 S ~ 22,277 3 —

473 IS — 22,277 3 —

473 5 — 22,277 1J "

473 5 — ^2,277 13 —

473 15 — 22,277 3 "

473 15 — 22,277 3 —

473 — 22,277 3 —

473 '5 — 22,277 3 —

473 — 22,277 3 —

473 15 — 22,277 13 —

473 '5 "" 22,277 3 —

473 — 22,277 3 "

473 S — 22,277 13 —

473 IS — 22,277 13 —

473 15 — 22,277 3 "

473 iS — 22,277 13 —

473 S — 22,277 13 — '

473 iS — 22,156 8 9

473 15 " 22,477 —

473 5 — 22,277 13 —

473 15 — 2I,o6& 2 5

666,998 15 2

5,320 , — — 140,604 3 IO

55 mm mmmm 29,571 19 8

31,462 2 — - - 1,977,253 7 10

g

(Q

i — +

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o

E S TIM AT E of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those at Gibraltar, in Portugal, and at The Cape of Good Hope, those on Special Service, and a Corps

of Foot in New South Wales', from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

* 1

CORPS.

ifL<

§n s| 2 S

Lord Heathf eld's Regiment of Light Dragoons - -Sir Charles Grey's ——

Sir James Steuart's ——

r Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment offoot, 2d Battalion -

General Hall's -

Prince Edward's - -- -Lieutenant General Hotbam's ——

Lieutenant General Whyte's ——

Lieutenant General Stuart's ——

General Prescott's ——

Sir Hew Dalrymple's ——

Lieutenant General Rooke's ——

Lieutenant General Balfour's r -

Sir George Osborn's -

Lieutenant General Smith's ——

Lieutenant General Adeane's ——

General Dalrymple's ——

Sir James Duffe's ——

Lieutenant General Crosbie's ——

The Royal American Regiment, exclusive of a Detachment on the Irish Establishment - - - _ -

General Morris's ——

Major General Jchnfon's -

Colonel Campbell's - - - _ - _

VLieutenant Coloflel Shank's Corps

GARRISONS, fc?f.

Quebec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brutif-wick, Cape ' Breton, Saint John's and Placentia in Newfoundland, and 5/. 7<?£/i's Island ——

Jamaica, Grenada, St: Vincent's, Dominica, and Tobago - -

Officers serving with His Majesty's Forces in TVor/i ^wd-rica, the West Indies, Gibraltar, and Portugal, at The Cape of Good Hope, and on Special Service -

Numbers. Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men, including the additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. Charge of the Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency.

348 £t. S d1 16,714 14 5 / £- s‘ 1,721 17 8 £ s. 293 18

20 — 26 413 16 8 2,502 14 3 - 344- 12

684 32,962 10 10 3,292 18 5 411 12

718 1.204 19,160 12 — 2,177 18 1 224 9

718 — ij>399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — 19,581 17 5 2,177 18 1 228 2

718 — i 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — »9>399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12

7 8 — 19 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — i9>399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — i 399 7 SI 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — 19 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — 1 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — 19 399 7 5f 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — i 399 7 5. 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — 19 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — 9 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — 19 399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12

718 — i 399 7- 5 2,277 18 1 226 12 t.

5,288 — 131,200 — 4. I4.574: 9 9' 1,280 17

742 — 20,357 9 11 2,306 611 243 6

742 — 20,357 9 11 2,306 6 11 24 3 6

742 — 20,357 9 11 2,306 6 11 243 6

435 — 10,327 12 iji28 7 8 85. 2

9>437

"1

6

11

6 11 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6

5

1

1

1

Allowances to Captains and Riding Mailers. T O T A L.

£ £ s. d. £. s. d.

367 17 — 19,098 7 7

427 >7 — 29,689 — 10

586 8 — 37,253 10 — 66,942 10 10

473 15 — 22,036 15 —

473 15 — 22,277 13 —

473 15 " 22,461 13 5

473 5 — 22,277 3 —

473 15 ~ 22,277 3 —

473 15 — 22,277 13- —

473 15 " 22,277 x3 —

473 15 — 22,277 13 —

473 15 — 22,277 13 —

473 5 — .2 2,-277 13 —

473 15 ~ 22,277 13 —

473 15 — 22,277 x3 —

473 15 — 22,277 13 —

473 15 — 22,277 i3 "

473 x5 — 22,277 13 —

473 x5 — 22,277 x3 —

2^542 10 — 149-597 17 6

512 23,419 2 11

512 23,419 2 11

512 23,419 2 11

113 11,654 18 587^894 18 4

6,-300 18 4

725 13 3

— — — ' — 59 474 15 3 f C)

39 Geo. III.

CORPS. (Continued) Numbers. Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non commissioned Officers, and Private Men, including the additional Allowance to Subalterns, See.

Officers of the Hospitals serving in North America, the West Indies, and Portugal, and with the Forces on Special V 1», 1 *

GIBRALTAR:

Sir James Pulteney's Regiment of Foot ----- - Sir Heitor Munro's - -- -General Raiirsford's General Tony ns - -- -General Scott's - -- - - -- --The Earl of Suffolk's - -- - - -- --Colonel Graham's - -- -- - - -- - 718 1,13 718 718 718 7 8 718 5»439 19.399 7 5 28,031 12 5 9.399 7 5 9.399 7 5 9.399 7 5 9.399 7 5 9.279 4 6

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c. - _

iV£/F SOUTH # >>

Colonel Grffe's Regiment ----- ----- — 709 17,420 15 4

Total - - - — 7. 37 750.753 6 7

Deduct, The Charge of Lord Heathfield's Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the ift and 4th Battalions of the Royal American Regiment of Foot, which are to be paid by the I (land of Jamaica ——

Remains to be provided - - - — 27»i37 - -

D

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

w

</>

i 1 — 4

5

w

War Office, 26th November 1798.

Windh

I--- J — Charge of the Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Ag'n:y. Allowances to Captains and Riding Mailers. T O T A L.

j. </. J. £. s. ' £ £. J. d.

9mm — — 13»o03 2 6

2»i77 l8 I $.26 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

3,iao 6 8 277 9 5 565 31.994 8 6

2J77 18 1 226 12 6 473 s — 22,277 13 —

2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 "

2,177 18 1 226 12 6' 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 13 —

2,i77 18 1 225 11 2 473 15 — 22,156 8 9

—— - 165,539 2 3

" ' 3,737 3

1,978 1 3 . 198 l9 5 426 7 6 — — 20,024 3 6

83.151 14 3 8,606 12 2 16,987 9 6- " 944,740 14 10

1 T # ... _ 83,087 4 7

861.653 10 3

- /

ON

VO

00

39 Geo. III. z6° Novembris. ip

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the

Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and jer/ej, for the Year 1799.

General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and jersey from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both in- > elusive, being 365 Days - - . - - _ _ . _ J £. s. d. 114,144 5 5

War Office1, ' 26th November 1798. IV. - _

\ ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1799.

16,129 Out-Pensioners, at Five Pence ferDiem, each; from 25th December 179S to 24th December 1799, deducting for Pension.s unclaimed, / . 2,316. 14. 2. -400 Letter Men, at One Shilling fer Diem, each ----- -- 31 Serjeants, at N ine Pence fer Diem, each - £. s. d. 120,330 17 11 7,300 424 6 3

16,560 = Additional Pensions to blind and disabled Men - 128,055 4 2 800 — —

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying the Out-Pensioners - - - £.1,171 — To the Agents Clerks - - 417 16 To the Agent of Out-Pensioners, per Annum ----- j,coo -r-To the Rent of a House for the Examination of Out-Pensioners - - 200 — 128,855 4 a

2,788 16 From which dedud, out of Poundage on the Out Pensions - - i,2co — % 1,588 16 —

Deduct, already provided on the'Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1799 - 130,444 — 2 14,198 19 5

In all to be made good - - - - £. 116,245 — q

War Office, 26th November .1798. W. IVindham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Regiments of Foot, for Service Abroad; from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

One Regiment of Foot: Numbers, Charge for 365 Days.

Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, including the Additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. -Charge of Clothing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men Agenry - - Allowances to Captains - - 718 £. s. d. 19,399 7 5 2,177 18 1 226 12 6 473 15 — 22,277 3 — 1 / id

To be paid by Ireland for One Regiment - Difference ----- - 15,127 6 6 7,1 50 6 6

The Charge of the like Difference for Five Regiments more 3,59° - - - 35>75 12 6

Total - 4,3°8 - - c 42,901 19 — - I

War Office,

26th November 1798. ' IV. IVindham.

Vol. 54. ESTIMATE

20

26° Novem

A.

I79S;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Twenty Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India; from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclufxve, being 365 Days.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons:

Pay ——

Clothing ——

Agency ——

Allowances to the Captains, Paymaster, and Riding Master ——

Major General Gwyn s - - - the same - -Lieutenant General Blatbway the same - -

Major General Vyje's - - - - the same - -

Major General Fox's Regiment of Foot:

Pay.....' -

Clothing -

Agency ——

Allowances to the Captains, Paymaster, and

Serjeants ——

General Piston's ----- the same -

Lieutenant General Hul/e's - - the same -

Major General Simcoe's - - - the same -

Lord Mulgrave's ----- the same -

Marquis Cornwallis's - - - - the same - _

Major General Craig's - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Martin's - the same - -

Lieutenant General Cuyler's - - the same -

Lieutenant General Lake's - - the same -

General O'Hara's - - - the same -

Sir Robert Abercromby's - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Mujgrave's - the same - - -Lieutenant General Marsh's - - the same -

Colonel Mackenzie's - - - - the same -

Major General St. Leger's - - the same -

Major General Bernard's - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Grinfteld's - the same -

General Reid's ----- - the same -

Major General Francis Dundas's the same -

Total

Numbers. Charge so

£. d.

518; / 20,729 5 10

— — 2,496 7 6

—— 1 1 34i 19 9

— — 525 12 —

24 093 5 1

518 — 24,093 5 1

518 — 24 093 5 1

518 ^072 24,093 5 1

I>I4 5 - 1 17 117 17 8

— — 3,241 6 6

— — 284 12 n

\ — 741 10 —

2i,385 7 1

1,145 2i,385 7 1

1 145 21,385 7 1

1 145 — 21,385 7 1

1,145 — 2i 3s5 7 1

1,145 — 21,385 7 1

1,145 — 21,385 7 1

1,145 — 21,385 7 1

1,145 21,385 7 1

1 145 — 21,385 7 1

1 145 — 21,385 7 1

1 145 " 21,385 7 *

1 145 — 21,385 7 1

i H5 — 21,385 7 1

1 145 — 21,385 7 1

1 45 — 21,385 7 *

1 145 — 21,385 7 1

1 145 — 21,385 7 *

1,145 — 21,385 7 *

1,145 A A AAA 21,385 7 *

24,97 a £.

C d.

96 373 O 4

427 707 *

524,080 2 O

War Office,

26th November 1798.

W. Windham.

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in 178 r, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of " Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, &c." The East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in proportion to the Number of Troops sent, or to be sent to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only; and as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of the Four Recruiting Troops, and Twenty Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present for this Purpose, the Sum of £.29,124.3J. 4d. which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate.

ESTIMATE

39 Geo. III,

2 6° Novembris.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Twenty Companies of Foot, Rationed iq Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East India-, from 25th $798

to 24th December 1799, both indufive, being 365 Days.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragopns, One Troop:

Pay ——

Clothing -

Agency ——

Allowances to the Captain, Paymaster, and Riding Matter

Major General Gwyn's - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Blatbwayte's the same -

Major General Vyje's - - - - the same -

Major General Fox's Regiment of Foot, One Company:

Pay -

Clothing -

Agency ——

Allowance to the Captain 7 - ? - -

General Piston's - - - the same - - -Lieutenant General Hulfe's - - the same -

Major General Simcoe's - - - the same -

Lord Mulgrave's - - - - the same -

Marquis Cornwallis's - - - - the same -

Major General Craig's - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Martin's - the same -

Lieutenant General Cuyler's - - the same -

Lieutenant General Lake's - - the same -

General O'Hara's - - - the same -

Sir Robert Abercromby's - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Mu/grave's - the same - - -Lieutenant General Marsh's - - the same -

Colonel Mackenzie's - - - - the same -

Major General St. Leger's - - the same -

Major General Bernard's - - - the same -

Lieutenant General Grinfield's - the same -

General Reid's ----- the same - - -Major General Francis Dundas's the same - - *

Numbers.

War Office, 26th November 1798.

Total *

Charge for 365 Days.

£ s. d.

14 — O O M 3 9

— — 84 7 6

— 31 >4

— \ 55 16 —

G573 II 3

>4 — G573 II 3

14 — G573 II 3

14 56 G573 II 3

24 - - 958 2 6

— — 128 8 10

— — 16 13 7

— 3» 5 ——

M4< ? II

24 — GHi 9 II

24 — 1,141 9 II

H — >141 9 11

24 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9

24 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9

24 — 1,141 9

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9 11

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — 1,141 9 II

24 — GHi 9 M

H 1,141 9

24 480 J, I4‘ 9 II

S36 L

£ 4'

22,829 8 4

29,124 3. 4

W, Windh.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, and of Extn|

Fe.ed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1799.

Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Forces, upon Account Charge of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, upon Account -

War Office, 26th November 1798.

W. Windham.

T°tal

150,000 — — 35,000 ——

185,000 ——

VOL. 54.

Q ESTIMATE

2

6° Novembris.

A, \ 1798.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Emlpdied Militia of Britain; of Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry for 1 e ear 799 *

SOUTH BRITAIN:

Bedford - - m -

iferFj - m -

Royal Buckmgbartoshire

Cambridge - -

Chester -

Royal Cornwall m

Cumberland m

Derby -

Devon - - to

Dor/itf - - to

Durham - to

Essex -

Gloucester -

Hereford - to

Hertford - -

Huntingdon - -

Kent - to

Lancaster - -

Leicester - -

Lincoln - to

London - m

Middlesex - m

Monmouth and Brecon - -

Norfolk - -

Northampton -

Northumberland a *

Nottingham -

Oxford - m -

Rutland

Salop m.

Stafford -

Somerset - -

Southampton -

Suffolk - -

Surrey -

Sussex -

Tower Hamlets - -'

Warwick -

Westmoreland - -

Wilts - - *

Worcester - *

York, West Riding -

- - North Riding -

- - East Riding - m

Anglesea - -

Cardigan - mm

Carmarthen -

Carnarvon - -

Denbigh m -

Flint - m

Glamorgan

Merioneth - .

Montgomery -

Pembroke -

Radnor - m

Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and 7 Devon -

NORTH BRITAIN:

First or Argyllshire -Second or Ross-shire -Third or Lanark - -

Fourth or Dumfriesshire -

Fifth or Fifeshire -

Carried forward -

Regiments, Battalions, Numbers. Charge for 36S Days.

or Corps.

£ d-

I si? — 19,406 14 9

I 1,400 — 33,154 i

fc 1.633 — 3 >7S9 9 5

I ' 1,168 — 27,723 1 ~

2,196 — 52,46 10 9

a 1,544 — 37,°29 7 1

1 1,291 — 3^289 6 3

1 1,862 — 43,95 t6 3

+ 4»236 a-- 99,678 9 *

1 1,127 — 27,5 3618 "7

1 1,212 — 28,57° 3 8

3 2,999 to — 72,089 8 9

a 2,57 ‘ 61,426 5 9

1 1,279 to — 29,92° 2 1

1 1,275 i — 29,6‘3 3 8

1 460 — 11,528 3 6

3 2,828 — 67,361 3 7

5 6,163 — 144,743 5

t 1,443 — 33,823 1° 3

3 2,921 — 69,3o6‘ 10 "

2 ,430 — 36,284 4 8

5 5,127 — 120,69° 7 9

1 1,164 — 27,42° 7 9

3 2,981 — 70,38a 12

2 i,75° — 41,459 4 6

2 1,648 — 38,353 10 4

1 1,279 29,920 2 1

1 1,634 — 38,813 3 2

1 aOi — 4,831 12 7

2 2,667 — 61,849 5 9

3 2,407 — 58,016 1 8

3 3,595 — 83,455 ° 7

3 2,249 — 53,898 16 6

2 2,725 to — 62,507 3 2

3 2,37i — 58,717 11 4

2 2,093 — 48,7.41 7 10

2 1,326 — 32,854 7 —

1 1,876 — 43 493 3, 3

1 602 13,825 4 ~

2 2,426 — 56,549 i° w

2 i,533 — 36,032 1 8

5 6,064 — 143,609 9 9

2 2,373 55,789 — 1

1 1,389 — 32,021 — IQ

1 465 — 10,804 5 6

1 586 — 13,965 1 ~

1 i,°37 — 23,669 10 10

1 33i — 8,224 2 5

1 861 — 20,237 4 3

1 542 — i3,‘34 3 6

1 999 23,492 6 9

1 326 — 7,763 1 4

1 707 — 17,257 16 —

1 564 — 13,549 7 3

1 33i 100,084 8,224 2 5

1 to 937 to „

1 715 17,490 10 9

1 535 — 13,973 — 9

1 693 — 17,002 7 —

1 869 — 20,396 17 —

♦ 1 759 — 18,320 18 3

- 3 57 j 101,021 87,183 13 9

TOTAL.

J.

2,369,275 18 7

22,44a 5 5

2,391,718 4 —

39 Geo. III.

16° Novembris.

Brought forward - -

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps.

Sixth or Aber

Seventh or Ayrshire -Eighth or Forfar Ninth or Pe -

Tenth or Edinburgh -

FENCIBLE. INFANTRY;

Sir Jamts Grant's Regiment - *

Major General Wemyfs's - - *

Earl of Egllntoun's -

Earl of Breadalbane's -

Marquis of Lome's -

Duke of Gordon's -

Earl of Hopetoune's -

Sir John Sinclair's ift Battalion.

Lord Gray de IVilton's Regiment

Colonel Handcock's -

Colonel Skinner's - -

Lord Macdonalds

Colonel Cameron's - -

Colonel M Leod's -Sir Benjamin Dunbar's 2d Battalion - . Sir William John Jleu's - »

Colonel M‘NiePs - -

Sir Hunt's - -

Sir Thomas Wallace Dunlop's Colonel Z&y's -

Sir Edward Lejlie' %

Colonel Murray's r Colonel MKenzie'i - - r

Colonel Tyndale's -

Colonel Edwards' s-

Duke of AthoPs Corps -?

Major Kinlock's - - - .

Major Mackenzie's -

Captain Gudgeon's -

Captain Malcolmfon's -

For the Allowance to Paymasters

War Office.

26 th November 1798.

Numbers.

3»57 *

761

683

J91

651

825

588

>i49

588

1,176

588

588

588

588

1,110

688

688

588

688

688

688

688

688

688

688

688

688

68?

688

688

688

673

»73

136

no

220

101,021

7,082

19,183

117,286

Charge for 365 Days.

87,183 13 8

18,357

16,806

15,022

16,208

19,566

3

8

9

9

17 667

3°>73i

17 667

35.093

17.667

17.667

17.667

17.667 30,140 i9>897

19.897

17.667

19.897

19.897

19.897

19.897

19.897

19.897

19.897

19.897 ?9 897

19.897

19.897

19.897

19.897

17,987

4,678

3,843

2,815

5,621

9

3

3

3

6

6

4 3

19 1

4 3

10 6

4 4 4 4 15 9 9 4 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9.

9 9 9 9 3

13 2

7 10

18 9

17 6

3

3

3

3

2

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

8

Total - - £,

T Q T A h.

£ s. d. 2,391,718 4. —

17^,144 12 6

553,045 H a

3,117,908 10 8 22,000 — . — .

3,139,908 10 8

W. Windham.

.N 2?. — In the above Estimat is included the Charge of Thirteen Regiment! of English Militia, and of Two Battalions of Fencible Infantry, serving in Ireland, but remaining on the British Establishment; amounting, for theif Effedive Numbers, to £ 348,000 per Annum.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia of Great , and for several , Corps of Fencible Infantry, for the Year 1799 *

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia, and Corps of Eencible Infantry, upon Account« r 60,000. War Office,

26th Nwewber 1798. W.

Vol. 54. ESTIMATE

24 Novem. A. 1798,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of ClothingTor the Embodied Militia of Great and for the Corps of

Miners of Cornwall and Devon, for the Year 1799.

Charge.

Number!.

»1 South Britain: £. s. d.

4,512 Serjeants - p - at £.5 14 7 m - 25,850 — —

2,055 Drummers - - - 3 — 5 m 6,207 16 3

90,107 Rank and File - - - 2 10 5 mm 227,144 14 7 £. s. d.

259,202 10 10

North Britain:

326 Serjeants - at £.5 14 7 m 1,867 14 %

180 Drummers - - - 3 — 5 m - 543 15 —

6,30$ Rank and File - - - 2 10 c m 151896 7 6

18,307 16 8

Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon:

42 Serjeants - , - at £.5 14 7 mm mm 240 12 6

22 Drummers - - 3 — 5 mm - 66 9 2

H40 Rank and File - 2 49 5 m 2 117 10 —

~ 2,424 11 8

Total ' £ 479,934 19 2

War Office,

26th November 1798. Windham.

N. B. In the above Estimate is included the Charge of the Clothing of Thirteen EngliJJj Regiments of Militia serving in Ireland; amounting, for their Effective Numbers, to £.30,600 pr Annum.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, from 25 th December 1798 to 24th

December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

f Numbers. Charge for 365 Days.

£. s. d.

First Regiment of Fencible Cavalry f m - - 537 28,049 5 7

Berkshire - Ditto - - - - 357 20,018 18 7

Cinque Ports - - Ditto - - T - - 357 20,018 18 7

Cornwall - Ditto - mm m 357 20,018 18 7

Essex - - Ditto r mm - - - 357 20,01 8 18 7

Hampshire - Ditto - - - 357 20,018 18 7

Norfolk - Ditto - 357 20,018 18 7

Oxford - Ditto - - m T - - 357 20,018 iS 7

Pembroke Ditto mm - - 357 20,018 18 7

Princess Royal's own Ditto - mm - - 357 20,018 18 7

Rutland - Ditto - - . - - - 357 20,018 18 7

Somerset - Ditto - - - - 537 28,049 x5 7

Surrey - - Ditto r - - - 357 20,018 18 7

Sussex - - - Ditto - m - ft 357 20,018 18 7

Warwick - Ditto - - - m 357 20,01 8 18 7

Ayr - Ditto - - - - 357 20,01 8 18 7

Eafi and West Lothian Ditto - - - 357 2C, Ol8 18 7

Fifeshire _ Ditto m - ft - 357 20,018 18 7

Lanark and Dunbarton Ditto - . - - - - 357 20,018 18 7

Pertbshire - Pitto - - - - 357 20,018 18 7

416,440 5 8

For the Allowance to Pay matters - - - - m 2,000 —

Tojal - - - 7,5°° £.418,440 J 8

-War Office,

26th November 1798. W. Windham.

N. B.In the above Estimate is included the Charge of the Essex Regiment of Fencible Cavalry serving in Ireland, but remaining on the British Establishment; amounting, for the Effective Numbers in Ireland, to £.17,000 fer Annum.

ESTIMATE

39 Geo. III.

26° Novetnbris.

25

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Extra Feed for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain,

for the Year 1799.

For the Allowance of Extra Feed to the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, upon Account - A ' - a a - a . £,

£ dl 25,000 — —

War Office, 26th November 1798 *

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Corps of Embodied Provisional Cavalry, from 25th December 1798

to 24th December 1799, both indufive, being 365 Days.

Numbers. -Charge for 365 Day.

/ £. t. d.

Berks Regiment of Provisional Cavalry r a A m m - 328 16,922 3 11

Kent - - - a Ditto r J M 34i 17.478 3 11

Northumberland - Ditto - - - Jo A 265 13,162 — 8

Somerset - - - Ditto. - - m. . JL . A; 26,150 10 7

Suffolk - - - - Ditto m m m Oft - 437 20,990 13 11

Worcejlir »--. Ditto. ~ 3 m m m! 300 14,447 10 8

<. Total - - 2,202 £109,151 4 *

War Office,

»6th November 1798 *

W. Windham.

Vol. 54.

ESTIMATE

a.

a6

a6° Novembris.

A. 1798,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from Bfth December 1798 to 24th Dttmier 1799, both indufive, being 365 Days.

Horse Grenadier Guards:

1 Major -

2 Lieutenants and Captains

1 Lieutenant and Captain

2 Guidons and Captains 6 Sub Lieutenants

1 Adjutant

2 Chaplains - »

1 Surgeon -

2 Riding Mailers

Foot: — One Major and Captain

\ 41st Regiment

offoot,

or

Invalids:

"3 Captains -1 Captain Lieutenant 5 Lieutenants 6 Ensigns -1 Adjutant -1 Quarter Mailer Surgeon - -

Agency

each ^.171. 7. 1.

a« tm mmrnrn m — mm

- 79- 9 4-

62 161 71 *

Agency

Allowances ,0

- 240. — — 8 a 2. 6. *

Companies

of

Invalids:

' 6 Captains.

12 lieutenants 1 Ditto -1 Ditto 8 EnfigOs /

3 Ditto

- -each £. 17 f. 7. 1.

- 79. 19. 4.

- 62. 16. 7J.

- 66. 18. 4.

Charge for 365 Days.

456 5 —

17. 6. 7ii 1$ —

— 55 2 6

12. 6. 675 5 —

2. 6. i>368 15 —

— 173 7 6

13 4- 243 6 8

— 146 — —

12. 6. 91 5 —

Agency

Allowances to 6 Captains each £. 80

their holding Staff Employments, or possessing only temporary Rank -

Total

4,021 80 I 8

— —

5 4 I 3

79 9 4

399 16 8

376 x9 7i

68 10 10

79 >9 4

68 10

>587 <7 tof

39 3. IOf

' J

322 2 6 A- -

1,028 2 6-

959 12 —

103 8 4

85 3 4

502 12 10

200 5 —

2,879 4 —

7 9 IO

480 — —

- -

£. Si

4,101 1 8

259 6 3

>949 4 3

3,431 13 10

32,000 — — 41,741 16 —

War Office,

26 th November 1798.

W. Windham.

ESTIMATE

39 Geo. III.

26° Novembris,

27

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His MajestyV Land Forces; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; for the Year 1799.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &c. ——

Fees at the Exchequer ——

Commissary General of the Musters, his Deputy and Clerks, &c. and for reduced Deputy Commifiaties ——

Judge Advocate General ——

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army - -

15,728 10 —

93>l73

4,183 5 8

2,869 5 9

7,052 ——

War Office, 26th November 1798.

Total

123,006 13 3

W. Windham.

1

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increaled Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on

Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1799.

For the Increased Rates of Subflstence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, upon Account ——

£ d.

220,000 — — >

War Office, 26th November 1798.

IV. Windham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1799.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December. £. s. d. £. s. d.

1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive ' - - - - _ - — — 76W9 7 *

For the Allowance to One Private Gentleman of a Troop of Horse-Guards 10

Ditto, to One Ditto, at Seven Pence per Diem - - . - 10 12 11 20 12 11 164,000

Total - - - L

War Office,

26th November 1798.

VOL. 54.

IV. IVindham.

ESTIMATE

28

26° Novembris.

A. 1798.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service

of The States General, for the Year 1799.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799 both inclusive

I-

4.

1,000 — — »

War Office,

26th November 1798. W.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the/Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American

Forces, for the Year 1799.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive ——

Allowances to Officers of Ditto, fer Annum ——

Total

War Office,

a6th November 1798.

L

d.

52,500 ——

7>5°° ——

60,000 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, for the Year 1799.

Pay per Annum of 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers -

Clothing for Ditto - -

Salaries of the Governor and other Officers - -

Board Wages and Table for Ditto - -

Surgeon and Apothecary ——

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary -Tradesmen -

Provisions ——

Contingencies and Extraordinaries -

Deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions for the Year 1799

In all to be made good

£. S', dm

- 1,266 2 4

,9M 7 5

3,896 9 —

669

2,019 11 9

m 1,900 — —

3,300

10,881 — —

4,400 — —

29,243 10 6

- 2,800 — —

£ 26,443 IO

War Office,

26th November 1798. W. Windham.

ESTIMAT E

39 Geo. III.

ES T I M AT E of the Charge

of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1799.

Numbers.

Rank of their late Husbands.

Widows of Colonels -

- Lieutenant Colonels ——

- Majors - -

- Captains

- - - Lieutenants ——

- Ensigns, &c. ——

- Chaplains, Deputy Purveyors, and Hospital Mates

- - - Physicians and Purveyors -

- - - Surgeons and Apothecaries - -

7i3

The Amount of Twelve Pence in the Pound allowed to the Paymasters of

the Pensions above Hated Salary of Deputy Paymaster, per Annum - .

Rates of Pensions.

80 ——

50 ——

40 ——

30 ——

26 — —

20 ——

l6 — —

20 — ---

26 — —

From which deduct the following Sums already provided;

On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons -On Ditto for the Marine Corps -

i-

Remains to be provided

1,091 ——

100 — —

2,852 8 9

1,567 8 -

War Office, a6th November 1798.

W. Windham.

Charge.

3,760 ——

1,600 ——

1,200 — -5,610 ——

5,74 _ __

3,300 ——

368 ——

210 ——

59s ——

21,820 ——

1,191 — —

23,0 ix ——

4i4»9 16 9

l8>59i 3 3

In the 165 Widows above-mentioned, are included the Widows of Second Lieutenants, Cornets, and Quarter Matters, whole PenGons are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign's Widow.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Caivalry and Infantry in Great , for the

Year 1799.

For the Pay and Clothing of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry, upon Account -

For the Pay and Contingent Expences of the Volunteer Corps of Infantry, upon Account

Total

- 60/300

mm m 440,000

- 1- 500,000

W ar Office,

56th November 1798.

W. Windham.

Vol. 54.

E S T I M A T

E

3o

2 6° Novembris

A. 1798

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great , for the Year 1799.

\ 1 Numbers, Charge.

Charge of One Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th December 1798 to 24th £ s. d.

December 1799, both inclusive, being 3 " 5 Days - - 585 27,962 4 10

Ditto of Five Regiments of Infantry for the same Peciod - 3 560 104,997 10 n

Ditto of One Troop of Hussars in the I (land of , for the same Period 78 4,180 5 10

Ditto of One Corps of Invalids, in the Iste , for the same Pe. iod - 100 2,500 — —

Recruiting Account - 8,000 — —

For Contingent Expences, Allowances to Reduced Officers, &c. &c. — -6,095 17 —

Total - 1 4 323 £ 173 735 i3 7

War Office,

«6th November 1798. W.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Expences expefled to be incurred in the Barrack Mailer General's

Department, in the Year 1799.

£. s. d.

For Forage ——

Beer ——

Coals and Candles ——

Bedding and Furniture -

Barrack Mailer's Expenditures for Stores, Rents of Barracks, Salaries, 13c.

Lodging Money to Officers - -

Allowance to Governors in lieu of Advantages, on the Miles of Stores EUablishment of Barracic Office, &c. ——

Gibraltar - 1 -

Newfcundland ——

Repairs and Alterations ——

Regimental Hospitals ——

99.362 ——

243.73i — —

I I0,2C2 #~

10.000 --- —

7^tj5 ——

15.000 — — 1,491 —

15 556 —

2,000 — -

5,000 ——

30.000 — —

20.000 — —

Total

£.622,473 — — '

War Office,

26th November 1798. W. Windham.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. the Year 1799 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordnance Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their The said Estimate is as followeth j viz.

Estimate, prc- Address to His Majesty,

fented.

EXPENCE

39 Geo. III.

26° Novembris,

31

EXPEN CE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders, and not

provided for by Parliamentj

On Account of 1797:

HALIFAX:

Paid for Works, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Q_U EBEC:

Paid for Current Service and Contingencies -

BERMUDA:

Paid for Current Service and Contingencies ——

BAHAMAISLANDS:

Paid for Current Service and Contingencies - v

WEST INDIES:

Paid for Cqntingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's-Forces in the Leeward Islands, Demerara, and Trinidad -

GIBRALTAR:

Paid for Works and Contingencies ——

SCOTLAND:

Paid for efecting a new Barrack in Edinburgh Cajile ——

GRAVESEND AND TILBURY:

Paid for the Repair of Vessels, and Wages of Bargemen and others, employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury ——

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY, &c.

Paid for the Hire and Forage of Horses for the Parks of Artillery and Battalion Guns in

England, and for Contingencies -

REGIMENTS OF FOOT:

Paid the Allowance for supplying Worms, Turnfcrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles to the Eftedlive Soldiers of the Foot Guards and other Regiments of Infantry in Great Britain ——

For the Purchase of Salt Petre, Ordnance, and Stores, and Expences incurred in the several Ports in Great Britain and on Foreign Stations, on Account of the Navy, beyond the Allowance on the Vote for 120,000 Men for Sea Service for the Year 1797

' Carried forward 50 Folio 32 - -

On Account of 1798:

WEST INDIES:

Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands, Demerara, and Trinidad ——

ST. DOMINGO:

For Ammunition and Stores sent Paid for Contingencies

CAPE OF GOOD HOPE: Paid for Contingencies, and Freight of Powder from the East Indies Vol. 3A *

£ d.

- 7,260 8 6

- 10,715 11 3

£. s. d. 7,198 — 6

582 11 5

649 i8 7

1,396 7 6

29,762 4 10

8,872 17 10

7>29° !7 3 2,028 10 7

14,094 10 6

10,093 18^ 4 8.,969 jy 4

56,218 11 11 138,188 9 3

£. s. a; 6,595 5

17-.975 J9 9

3,898 2 a

(continued)

32

a 6° Norvembris.

A. 1,798.

ST. MARCOU:

For Iron Ordnance and Stores sent Paid for Contingencies

ALDERNEY:

Paid Bills of Exchange drawn for Traversing Platforms -For Powder, Carnages, and other Stores lent -

jC s‘

685 1 1

435 18 9

280----

W4 15 7

DEFENCE OF THE COASTS:

Paid for repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the CoaHs, and putting them in a State of Defence - - - -

ROYAL MILITARY ACADEMY:

Paid Allowances for Attendance to the Civil Officers, Professors, and Mailers, from ill to 31st December 1798 ——

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY AND CORPS OF ROYAL ENGINEERS:

Pay of an Augmentation of One Bombardier and Fight Gunners to each of the 50 Marching Companies of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from 15th February to 31st December 1798, inclusive, with Levy Money for the fame; alf.j the Pay of an Augmentation of 10 Gentlemen Cadets from ill to 3 ill 1798 17,083 6 8

Pay of a Detachment of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 234 Men, Officers included, returned from the East Indies to The Cape of Good

Hope, from ill January to 31st December 1798 the said Detachment having been paid by the La ft India Company to 31st December 1797

6,395 II 2 23>478 17 10

Dedufl the Amount of the Pay of a Detachment of the Brigade of Roya! Hnrle Artillery, serving in Ireland, and paid on the Irish Lftablilnment, for the Year 1798 - - - 11,759 14 —

Pay of an Augmentation of Two Captains, Two Captain-Lieutenants, Four First Lieutenants, and Two Second Lieutenants to the Corps of Royal Engineers, from 29th August to 31st December 1798, inclusive Paid the additional Allowance to Innkeepers for Quartering Non-Commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery Paid the Extra Price of Bread and Meat for the Non-Commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, and Corps of Royal Military Artificers in England ——

Pay of a Corps of German Artillery, in the Service of Great , confid-

ing of 218 Men, Officers included, from 24th February to 31st December 1798, inclusive - -

Paid for the Purchase, Hire, and Forage of Horses for the Parks of Artillery and Battalion Guns, in England-, also for the Pay of Officers, Conductors, and Drivers, and for Contingencies - -

11 719 3 10

419 1 11

2,600 — — -

i>37° ——

4,608 To —

- 37»582 2 7

AMMUNITION FOR SUNDRY REGIMENTS, AND FOR MILITIA:

Ammunition to Two Regiments of Dragoons, the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, and to sundry Regiments of Foot — to sundry Regiments of F ncible and Provisional Cavalry — to sundry. Troops of Yeomanry, and Volunteer A floriated Cavalry — also to sundry Regiments of Fencible and Corps of Volunteer and Associated Volunteer Infantry - - - 7,147 8 4

Ammunition for sundry Regiments of Militia, and also for the Supplementary

Militia - -- 6,507 17 2

NEUTRAL VESSELS;

Paid into the Court of Admiralty, on Account of the Cargoes of Neutral Ships captured by His Majesty's Ships of War, with Charges on the same ——

Brought forward, on Account of 1797 -

Total Unprovided -

£. s: d.

1,120 19 10

L554 15 7

1,836 ——

211

58,298 18 4

13.655 6

2,078 17 10

108,225 1

138,188 9 3

246,413 10 5

===s=sesatsssGSSSsaBSSk

ESTIMATE

39 Geo. III.

26° Novem

n

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1792 *

LAND' SERVICE.

15,984 18 —

2,076 5 —

‘>377 12 6 3 10 5 — 226 — —

57° ——

605 2 6

255 ——

663 17 6

144 15 —

380 ----- -r

S83 17 6

S23 17 6

120 ----- r

823 17 6

303 17 6

653 17 6 170 — —

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service

430 ——

448 2 6

448 2 6

100 — —

' £45 7 —

£ 27,745 5 "

Pay of CivirOffiders and Artificers, at

North' Britain Gibraltar - Jamaica -St. Christopher Antigua Dominica.

St. Vincent - . Bwcbtidoes.

Grenada

C d-

O R D I N A RY.

Salaries and Rents to the Matter General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants employed at the Tower ——

And at the following Places;

Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder - -

Inspector of Artillery at D", and for proving Guns Stiperintendant of Military Machines at D" -Hampton-Coart and St. James's, and Greenwich -

Woolwich ——

Purs.ect - -

(jravefend eccA Tilbury -

Chatham -

Vpior Castle- - - - - '

Sheerness - -. - - - - ‘ -

Roverjbant -

fraltham Abbey - -.

~l over - - ... -

f ortfmouth- - - - .

yiddyjhard -

Vy mouth - -- -- w

Key bam Point ——

fPendennis, Scilly Island, Chester Castle, and Liverpool, Berwick, Carlisle, Tinmouth Castle, and Clifford's Fort, Hull, Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort Guernsey ——

Jnfey -....

ljle of Man ——

Rent for Use of Land and Houses

Martinico -

<5/. Lucia -

Bahama Islands -

Quebec ——

Half ax -

Annapolis ——

.New Brunswick - - - > -

John's and- Placentia in- Newfoundland -

Pay of Matte Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles - -

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places under the Ordnance, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Postage of Letters, and other Contingencies - -

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new, and repairing old Carriages in the several small Forts, Cattles, Garrisons, and other Places under the Ordnance, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - -

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the same at the several Barracks retained by the Ordnance for the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Royal Military Artificers, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - -

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and small Stores for the common Duty of-Regiments, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Vol. 54.

K

13,872 12 6

554

r,3St 7 6

H3 >5 —

584 ——

58+ — r *

584 — *

584 — — >

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584,----~

584 -

219 — — 1 861 15 —

6S0 10 —

91 5-

675 5 —

657 ——

3>S6? 7 6

1-8,00 — —

15,000 — —

3,000 — —

§, OOQ —

Cleaning

26° Novembris, .

Cleaning and repairing Smalt Arms in the Tower -Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers

On Account of the Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of7,15 8 s. d.

Men, Officers included - - - - "237,759 7 9

Deduct the Pay of One Company, at present paid on the Eda-

blishment . - - - . - 4,054 18 6

On Account of the Pay of a Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery, confiding of 1,199 Men, Officers included, and £ d. 1,572 Horses - - - . - 99,015 7 5

Deduct the Pay of a Detachment serving in Ireland, and at

present paid on the Irish Edablishment - 11,759 4 —

233»794 9

87.255 3

3

5

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Maders of the Royal Military Academy.

at Woolwich -

Establishment of Draughtfmen in the Tower of for Service in Great Britain, and

Foreign Garrisons ——

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants -: -

Sums to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of £ 1.570^827. 5 s.being the Amount of this Edimate -

Or oik ary - - £.

EXTRAORDINARIES, 17919. *

NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current £. s. d.

Service, and Contingencies - - - ' , - - - 3,500 — —

For Powder and Stores 1 171 6 7

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service and Contingencies - - - - 3,500 — —

For Iron Ordnance and Stores - 1,286 11 6

Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers - - - - 600 — —

NEW BRUNSWICK: For Current Service and Contingencies -

QJJ E B E C:

For Current Service and Contingencies - -

BERMUDA:

For Current Service and Contingencies.

BAHAMA ISLANDS: For Current Service and Contingencies -

JAMAICA: ,

For Current Service and Contingencies - - - - -. 4,000 — -~

Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers - - - 600 — —

ANTIGUA:

For Current Service and Contingencies -

ST. CHRISTOPHER:

For Current Service and Contingencies - -

1798.

£. s. d.

2,000---

15,198 1 10

320,960 2 8

3>15I >4 9 2,626 17 6

22,743 8 2

; 2.552 - —

439,324 2 5

jC S' d.

4,671 16 7

5,386 11 6

1.000 — —

3.000 — — *

1.000 — —

2.000 — —

4,600 — — 1,500 ——

2.000 — —

' DOMINICA

39 Geo. Ill

26° Novembris. 35'

DOMINICA: For Current Service and Contingencies -

BARBADOS S: For Current Service and Contingencies - -

ST. VINCE tfT: For Current Service and Contingencies - - -r

GRENADA: For Current Service and Contingencies

TOBAG O: For Current Service and Contingencies -

M A R T I N I C O: For Current Service and Contingencies -

ST. LUCIA:

For Current Service and Contingencies ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers for Service of the Islands in general

On Account of the Pay of Engineers and Civil Officers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the Leeward Islands , Demerara, and Trinidad; also for Contingencies ——

For a Supply jof Stores for the Leeward Islands -

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers Forage for the Cattle employed on the Works Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storchouses, and Magazines Contingencies in the Engineer's Department ' -Contingencies in the Artillery an4 Storekeeper's Departments -For Iron Ordnance and Stores, Coals, Timber, and Building Materials

CAPE OF GOOD HOPE:

For Current Service and Contingencies - - - - 5,000 — —

For Musquet Shot and Stores - - - 594 911

£ Sm

5,2C8 .12

2,280 — 15,800, — 2,600 — 2,000 — 1,091 7

16,672 4

d.

.6

6

4

PORT JACKSON: For Small Arms, Powder, and other Stores

ST. M A R C O U:

On Account for Contingencies -

£ s‘ d.

3,000 ——

1,500 — - —

4,ctoo — —

4,066 — — .

1,000 — —

4,000 —

2,000 — — 1,857 3 4 *

30.000 — —

- 5»62S 8; 3

46,672- 4 4

5.594 9 " 655 2 —

560 — —

FOREIGN SERVICE:

For Brass Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores - - - 3,710 7 8

On Account for Contingencies - - - - - - - - 2,000 — —

For Brass Ordnance, Small Arms, Ammunition, and Stores, ordered to be

prepared for Foreign Service ---- -r-- 18,769 19 8

On Account for the Pay of Military and Civil Officers - - - - a,000 — —

IRELAND:

26,490 7 4

For Small Arms, Iron Ordnance, Powder, and Stores

22,047 8 a

JERSEY:

For Repairs and Contingencies - - - - 1,436 8 6

For Powder and Stores - 1,391 16 9

Pay, of Half.a Company of Royal Military Artificers - >,404 16 8

GUERNSEY:

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at other

Places in the llland - - - . - - - - 2,392 it 5

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Powder, and other Stores - - - 3,135 9 3

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - - - 1,404 16 8

4.233 M

6.933 4 4

Vol. 54.

SCOTLAND:

6

26° Novem.

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Cattles, and Artillery Barracks in Scotland-, Current Service, and Contingencies

NO ft-TH EAST DISTRICT:

For Current Service and Contingencies - - - .

LANDGUARD FORT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies -

C I N QU E-PORTS:

For Repairs in the Division; and to strengthen the Works at Dover Castle j Current Service, and Contingencies - -

CHATHAM:

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

SHEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters; Works, Current Service, and Contingencies . - - .

GRAVESEND AND TILBURY:

For Impairs of the Building's ——

On Account, for the R epair of Vessels. and Wages of Bargemen and others employed in maintaining the Communication between Gravesend and Tilbury - - -

1,360 ——

4,000 — —

FEVERSHAM:

F<5r Repairs of the Buildings, and for erecting new Powder Mills

PORTSMOUTH:

For Repairs of the old Works and other Buildings at and various

Places in the Division - -

Towards completing Qumberland Fort , - - -(-

On Account, for building an, additional Powder Magaziae at 2j Point in Portsmouth Harbour, for Use of.cheiNavy. -Towards enlargingithe Gun Wbapf t- -

Pay of a, Company) of Royal Military Artificers -

- G O S P O-R T:-

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the tines

For Repairs of Blo^kboufrFvrt ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Lines and Citadel, erecting a new Hospital within the , tines of Dock, and for -Repairs at St. Nicholas r, Pen *

dermis, arid St. Maw's Castles, and at Stilly Islandj Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

5.5 3 4 4

4/500 ——

2,000 — —

8,695 2 11

2,809 3 5

2,500 ——

559 —

2,809 13 5

4.804 9

2,809 13

WOOLWICH:

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters Pay of a. Company of Royal.Military Artificers -

ROYAL LABORATORY: Towards the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers

WALTHAM ABBEY:-

- 4,390 ——

- 2,809 3 5

For Repairs of Buildings

DEFENCE OF THE COASTS:

For repairing and re-establishing the Batteries oh the Coasts, and putting

them in a State of Defence - - - _ 8,142 — 8

For Iron Ordnance, Powder, and-Stores, for Defence of the several Forts and

Batteries on th e Coasts - - . - . - - - - 5,876 7 4

-/I. I'yijS.

£ s. d.

6,000 — —

2.000 ——

598 7 —

13,642 16 7

2,809 3 5

3.000 ——

5,360 — -r 11

23,018 10 5

5,868 14 $

T>6i4 3 a

7> 99 3 5

9,000 — —

1,671 10 a

For

' ioogl

39 Geo. III.

26° Nfivembris.

37

For Brass and Iron Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores, for the Practice and

Exercise of Volunteer Artillery Corps on the Coasts; also Pikes for Arm- {[. s.

ing the Sea Fencibles - -- 2,362 11 __

For Iron Ordnance, Ammunition, and Stores, for Gun Boats and Vessels - 3,294 2 10

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY ANDCORPSOF ROYAL MILITARY ARTIFICERS:

For Contingencies of Artillery - -- -- - 7,800 ——

For Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery - . - 3,000 — —

On Account of Small Beer, for the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Corps

of Royal Military Artificers in Barracks in Great Britain 6,oco — —

On Account of the Pay of Six Companies of Royal Iripi Artillery, in the

Service of Great Britain, confiding of 600 Men, Officers included - 5,000 — —

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 16 Field and Staff Officers, Three Companies of Artillery, 10 Officers en Seconde, and a Company of French and Malteje Artillery attached to the Corps - - - - - 14,000 — —

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of French Emigrant Engineers, confiding

of 17 Officers - - - - . - - - - 2,000 — —

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Dutch Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 339 Men, Officers included - 8,000 — —

Pay of a Corps of German Artillery, in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 218 Men, Officers included - - - - 5 408 13 10

On Account of the Pay of a Corps of Captain Commissarics and Drivers,

attached to the Parks of Artillery serving in England - 39,585 — a

On Account for the Hire and Forage of Horses, for the Parks of Artillery in

England, and for Contingencies ----- -- 140,000 — —

For Gun Carriages, Waggons, Horse Harness, Ammunition, and Stores, for the Parks of Artillery, and for the Battalion Guns, attached to Regiments of Foot and Militia in England -, also for Frocks and other Articles for Drivers - -- 43,697 12 6

For Brass Ordnance, Waggons, Ammunition, and Stores, for the Field Train

of Artillery in Scotland - - 6,332 15 8

For a Depot of Intrenching Tools in Great Britain - - - 9>i 3 5 9

TENTS:

For a Supply for Regiments -

REGIMENTS OF FOOT:

On Account of the Allowance for supplying Worms, Tumfcrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles, to the Effective Soldiers of the Foot Guards, and other Regiments of Infantry, in Great Britain ——

S M A L L A R M S:

For the Supply of Regiments, Associations, &c. £dc. ——

SALT P ETRE:

For the Purchase of Two Hundred Tons, for Land Service, from the East India Company -

Extraordinaries -

Ordinary '

Ordinary and Extraordinaries -

! J Land Service - - - 81,969 17 4

Service - - - «>

1798 Land Service - - 108,225 1 2

jf s. d. T9»675 I JO

289,937 7 11

i9>°75 ——

5.000 — — 250,000 — —

8.000 — - — .

885,089 2 a

439-324 12 5

J 324>4,3 >4 7

246,413 10 5

1,570,827 5 —

Office of Ordnance,

26th November 1798 *

J. Rots, .

Tho.

Vol. 54.

L

Ordered

& ofdi Notes Bil], ordered.

Committee of . Supply.

38 26° Novembris. A. 1798.

Ordered, Th.it the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, " until the Expiration of Thirty Days after the Com-' " mencement of the next Session of Parliament, an " Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the <s Thirty-lixtii and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One Hundred and Thirty-seven, " videlicet, on the Twentieth of July One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-seven,'intituled, An Act " to continue an Act, made in this present Sdlion of " Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act, passed " in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act' " to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies ' in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue " Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a Umited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who " have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that " Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Hope, and Mr. Pringle, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the -Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the i ft of January to the 31st of December 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta-_ blishment of the Province of Scotia, in America,

from the lit of January to the 31st of December 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of in America,

from the 24th of June 1799 to the 24th of June 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the lit of January to tire 31st of December 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1799 to the 24th of June 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of in America,

from the ill of April 1799 to the ill of 1800: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil F.fta-

O a O t

blishment of the Bahama lfiands, in America, m Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the 1 ft ot January to the 31 It of December 1799: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, or Somers lfiands, from the 24th of June 1799 to the 24th of June 1800: And also,

A Paper, intituled, f Island of Dominica, from the 1 ft of January to the 31st December 1799 " And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the loth'of October 1798 to tire 10th of OSlob.r 1-99.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth;

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment in the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1799.

Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General -

Solicitor General ——

Two Judges of the Common Pleas, each £.750 -

Clerk of the Crown and Pleas - -

Two Sheriffs, at f. 100 each ——

Secretary and Register -

Clerk of the Council -

Receiver General of the Revenues ——

Five Executive Counsellors, each £. 100 ——

Naval Officer ——

Bishop's Commiftary ——

Temporary Allowance for Four. Clergymen - - - - -.

Allowance on Account of Fees, on the Receipt and Audit ——

Agent - -

Allowance to the Widow of Lieutenant Colonel Campbell, late Governor of the Bermudas, in Reward of his firm and judicious Conduct, and able Services at the Myamis, and in Consideration of her straicened Circumstances, Annum -

1.500 -

J, IOO ——

300 ——

IDO — —

1.500 ——

IOO ——

200 ——

300 — —

IOO ——

200 ——

500 ——

IOO ——

150 ——

4OO ——

25O ——

200 ——

50 ——

7,150 ——

ES TIMAT E

Estimates, &c, presented.

UpperCanada.

Nova Scotia#

New Brunswick.

St. John's liland.

Cape Breton,

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

liland: .

Bermudas#

Dominica,

New South Wales,

litized by <^.

39 Geo. III. 2 6° N,

39

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of

America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1799.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -

Chief Julcice ——

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Regiller, and Clerk of the Council ——

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands -

Treasurer -

Allowance to a Bishop - . - -

D° - to Mimtlers ——

A Milfronary to the German Inhabitants, who have joined the Church of England To the Reverend Mr. Bennett, as in the preceding Estimates

To the Reverend Mr. Breynton, D® - - - - _.-

To the Reverend Dr. Brown, Minister of the Presbyterian College at Halifax, until otherwise 'provided for - - - - _ -

To Mr. Tbcaipfn, Prothonotary, to cease when an Allowance shall be granted to him, by the House of Assembly - - . - - - - i -

Mrs Cot main's Annuity - - - - .

Allowance to Superintendant of Fishery

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit - -

Agent — — v — — — s — t ——

c

I'

1,000 — — . 850 — — -

150 ——

250 — — 100 — —

150 — —

50 ——

700 — — 965: -

75 ——

100 ——

150 ----- - *

75 — —

100 — — 100 — -1-

200 --- — T

200 --- —

2 CO ——

5,415 ——

.ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New iij

America, from the 24th June 1799 to the 24th June 1800.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor

Chief Justice ----- -»

Three Assistant Judges, at 300 per Annum each Attorney General ----- »

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council *

Naval Officer - - - " -

Surveyor General of Lands - -

Stipends and Allowances to Ministers -

Allowance to the Bishop of Nova Scotia's Commissary at Nezv Brunswick -Allowance on Account, for Contingencies — - - .

Agent

rt

I-

1,000 — — 500 — —

900 ——

150 ——

250 ——

.100 —

iso ——

800 ----- r

150 ----- - *

500 ——

150 ——

4,650 ——

n. j j ipm

Vol. 54,

estimate1

4o

2 60 Novembris.

A \ 1798.

E S TI M A T E of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the I (land of John, in ,from the 1 ft of January to the 31st December 1799.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General - r

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of Council - -

Naval Officer ——

Provost Marshal -

Minister -

Surveyor General ——

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, until otherwise provided for -Allowance to the late Clerk of the Council, ditto ditto ——

Allowance on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit - -

Allowance for Contingencies - -

Agent - -

500

300

100

150

100

100

70

100

90

60

100

>30

100

1,900 ——

1

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape in America,

from the 24th June 1799 to the 24th June 1800.

X

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Chief Justice -

Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council t Minister ——

Surveyor General -

Naval Officer -

Provost Marshal -

Allowance to a Public Schoolmaster -Allowance upon Account for Contingencies -Agent ——

- 500 — —

300

IOO ——

- 150

100

IOO —

IOO

100

40

- 200 — —

i5o

£ 1,840

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland, in America,

from the 1 ft April 1799 to 1800.

Salary to the Governor ——

Arrears of Salary to Chief Justice - -

Salary to Governor's Secretary -

Judge of the Admiralty ——

Naval Officer ——

Allowance to the Missionary at Saint John's Donation towards the Erection.of a Church at Saint John's Allowance on Account for Fees on the Receipt and Audit Agent ——

£. s. d.

500 ——

683 17 —

182 IO — 200 — — IOO ---- —

50 ——

534 14 — 100 — — 100 — —

2.451

I —

ESTIMATE

a 6° Novembris.

4i

39 Geo. III.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in , in

Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other Incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift January to 31st 'December 1799 *

1

Additional Salary to the Governor ——

Salary of the Chief Justice -

Two Assistant Judges, at £.200 per Annum each -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Attorney General ——

Provost Marshal ——

Naval Officer - - - .

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Minister ——

Minister at Harbour Island and Eleutbra ——

Three Missionaries at the other Islands, at £.70 each - -Allowance to Mrs. Wegg, for the Support of herself and Seven Children, now in Distress, in Consideration of the long Sufferings and Services of her late Husband Edmund Rujb Wegg, late Attorney General ——

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government -

Allowance for Contingencies ——

Agent ——

jC-

c

800 500 400 150 150 150 150 .150 70. 70' 210

150 700 300 15°

4,100 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the or Somers from the 24th June 1799 to the 24th June 1800.

Salary of the Chief Justice Fees on Receipt -

ISLAND of Dominica, from the ift January to the 31st December 1799.

Salary of the Chief Justice of the Island ——

t

To ceife when a Salary shall be provided by the Legislatue of die I Hand;

k

V01.54. M ESTIMATE

Kilburn Bridge and Sparrow's Hem Road Petition.

a6° — 27 Novembris. A. 1798.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New South from the ioth of

October 1798 to the ioth of 1799.

Salary of the Governor ——

Deputy Judge Advocate -

Commissary - 1 - -

Provost Marshal ——

Secretary to the Governor ——

For Stationary

Clergyman ——

Ditto at Paramata and Hawkesbury -

Surgeon -

Three Mates at 91 L5 s. each ——

Afliftanc ——

Surveyor of Lands ——

Boat Builder ——

T wo Deputy Commissaries of Stores ——

Two Additional Clerks to the Commissary, at 601, per Annum each -Two Assistant Storekeepers ——

Nine Superintendants of Convicts, at 50L -per Annum each. - - -.

Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island - - -; - -. -.

Additional Salary, to be reduced to 100l. whenever Lieutenant Governor King shall be-'-pro-rr.oted in the Line of his Profdflon ——

Clergyman ——

Surgeon

Deputy Commissary of Stores - -

One Storekeeper ——

Deputy Surveyor of Lands ——

Three Superintendants of Convicts, at 501, per Annum each ——

One Master Carpenter -

One Beach Master and Pilot ——

Deputy Judge Advocate, at 8 s. per Diem - -

v Provost Marshal ——

Allowance to Governor Phillip, in Consideration of his meritorious Services -

Allowance to Mr. White, late Surgeon - - - - -

Upon Account, for Fees and Audit ——

Agent ——

£ d.

1,000 ——

182 10 —

365 ——

91 5 —

91 5 —

20 ——

182 10 — 146 — —

182 10 — 273 15 —

50 ——

182 xo ---

91 5 —

182 10 — 120 — — 100 — , —

45° ——

250 ——

96 ——

130 ——

91 5 —

50 ——

91 5 —

150 — —

40 ——

50 ——

146 — —

70 ——

500 — — 91 5 —

2QQ- —

150 ——

6, Ol6 15 —

4/

n

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

And then the J-Ioufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 70 die Novembris;

Anno 390 Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1798. Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Hern, in the county of,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting, forth. That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, 4

and still remains due, upon the Credit of the Toils authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in amending the said Road; and that the said Road is at present greatly out of Repair, and cannot be effectually amended, and the Money borrowed, and due, as aforesaid; paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the said Tolls increased, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the said Act, and for amending and altering the fame, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. MMr. By 8cc.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Shrophm

Iiw.Acre

IVGUJil.

Crotch Notes B:il, pfticnt-cL

Lon! Nelson's Annuity Bill, committed.

Hertford and Watto.i, &c. R nii Petition.

39 Geo. III. 27 Novemb43

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Shropham, in the Cqunty of , on Behalf of

themselves, and the Rest of the Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Grounds, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but might be rendered of great Value if divided and in-doled, and specific Allotments made thereof to the Petitioners, and all others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of S/irophamfm such Manner, and under such Regulations

and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Euxtcti do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration " of Thirty Days after the Commencement of the " next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirtyseventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One " Hundred and Thirty-seven, videlicet, on the Twentieth " of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyleven, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made " in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and continue for a limited Time, and " amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and " certain Banking Companies, in that Part of -u Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under " a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small " Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom, " for a limited Time And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for settling and securinga certain Annuity on

Horatio Nelf on Lord Nelson, and the Two next Persons to wiiom the Title of Baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, shall defeend, in Cor.sideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson to His Majesty and the Public, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

llefn/vcd.That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the d own of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Watton, to Broad-neater, and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Town of in the said

County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, now remains V o l. 54.

due, which cannot be paid off, rtor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are continued and . enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baker, Mr. See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report tup Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ply to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Seamen.

That One Hundred and Twenty Thouiiind Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1799, including Twenty Thousand Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Wages for D®. That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Eight Hundred and Eighty-six Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Wages of the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, at the Rate of One Pound Seventeen Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, viauab for That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Nine Hundred D# and Sixty-four Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, at the Rate of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, wear and That a Sum, not exceeding Four Millions Six Hun- Tear of ships, dred and Eighty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men are to serve, for Thirteen Months, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Man per Month.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ord nance for That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred and Ninety SeaSe"lui' Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service on Board the Ships in which the said One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Men are to serve, for Thirteen Months, at the Rate of Five Shillings per Man per Month.

The laid Resolutiofis being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Committee of refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^?ns/anpd consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply pointed, granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for empow- accept^ oferingHis Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be fers of Militia " limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His '

" Militia Forces in this Kingdom, as may voluntarily " offer themselves to be employed in Ireland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War,

and

House resolves to adjourn to Friday, '

Lancaster Debtors Petition,

Committee of Ways and Means,

Accounts presented.

Prohibited East India Goods.

X>.

44 270 — 28°

and Mr. Secretary Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned- till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Merctirit, 28° dNovembris;

Anno 39 Georgii 1II, U Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

3D ESOLVED, That this. House will, at the Riling

of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of , was presented

to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from J:he Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refolVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that feme of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House; pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into the Warehouses in New Street and Saint Helens, for Coast, Surat, China, and Private Trade prohibited Goods, from Michaelmas 1797 to Michaelmas 1798, what exported during that Period, and what remained at Michaelmas 1798, as per Accounts: And

lfo,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into the Bengal Warehouse, New Street, Bishopsgate Street, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1797 to Michaelmas 1798, also what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1798: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in His Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1797, what bave been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at

Michaelmas 1798: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods proliibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1797, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1798: And also.

Novembris. A, 1798.

N° 5. An Account of prohibited India Goods which remained out of the Betigal and Coast Warehouses in New Street, Bishopsgate Street, Private Trade Warehouses, and the Custom House in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1797, in order to be dyed; glazed, and refreshed, what have been since delivered out, what returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1798: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1797 to Michaelmas 1798: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rujpa into the Ports of England, commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1797 to Michaelmas 1798: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, distinguishing their Names, Tonnage, Ports from whence they were fitted out. Ports where they were discharged, also the Quantity of Blubber imported in each Ship in the Year 1798: And also,

N° 9. A Lift of all Persons who were employed in the Service of the Customs, and have been put upon the Superannuation Fund, since the passing of the Act of the Thirty-eighth Geo. III. Cap. 86, directed by the said Act to be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, and Lift, were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and Lift, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts, and Lift, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the County or Norfolk, shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Horhtio Nelson Lord Nelson, to His Majesty and the Public, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refQlved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The -other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,

Prohibited Fad Itdia Good *

Naval Store fr&m Russia.

Do.

Whale Ship *

Liftofferfbn in die Customs put upon the Supem-nuationFund *

Committee oil Lord Nellon'a Annuity Sill *

Supply deferred,

HockUffc and Yvoburn Ped-

UwQ.

Godfrey's Name Petition.

3c) Geo. III. 36 0 Nove45

Veneris, 30° die I^ovetnbris J

Anno 390 Georgii III. U Regis, 1798.

Prayers.; -

A PETITION of the several Trustees, appointed

t\ to put in Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty JCing George the Second, for the more effectual amending the Highways between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford,

and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks', and all'o, an Act of the Sixteenth Year of his said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act; and also, an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty, whereby the Term and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts are further continued for the Term of Five Years; and all'o, an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, whereby the Term and, Powers granted by the said Three former Acts are further continued for the Term of Five Years; and also, an Act of the Twentieth Year of His said present Majesty, whereby the Term and Powers granted by the former Acts were further en? larged and continued for the Term of Twenty-one Years; and also of several Justices of the Peace, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living near and passing through the said Road, whole Names are thereunto fub-lcribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the feverafTerms and Powers, granted by the said several Acts for amending the Highways between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading.through Woburn to Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, will expire in June 1801, and that the Tolls collected, and the Monies borrowed, by virtue of the said several Acts, have been duly applied for the Purposes thereby directed, and some Progress hath been made in repairing the said Highways, but the same still remain ruinous and dangerous, and cannot be effectually repaired and amended, and put and kept in good Repair, nor the Money borrowed' repaid, unless the said former Acts be further continued and made more effectual, by reason Materials proper for the Amendment of the said Highways are very clear, and lie at a considerable Distance from the said Roads: And therefore praying, 'I'llat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effectual the said Acts, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relict in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. St. John, Mr. &c:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of 7homas Jutt, of next Sandwich, in the County of Kent, Esquire, eldest Son' and Heir of the Body of Thomas Jtdl, of next Sandwich, in the County of Kent, Yeoman, his late Father, deceased, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Thomas Godfrey, late of London, Merchant, deceased, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, executed in the Presence of Three Witnesses, and bearing Date the 31st Day of July 1766 (amongst other Things) gave and devised all and every his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in or eil'ewhere, in the County of Kent, unto his Brother Peter Godfrey, for Life; Remainder to for Life; Remainder to Trustees, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons of Vo i.. 54.

the said David Gravier, in Tail Male; With Remainder to the said Thomas Jtdl, the Petitioner's Father, for Life; Remainder to Trustees to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Thomas Jull, inTail Male; with Remainders over;

and the said Testator (after giving several specific and pecuniary Legacies) bequeathed all the Residue of his Personal Estate to Trustees therein named, inTrust to lay out the same in the Purchase of Freehold or Copyhold Estates, to be settled upon the Trusts in his said WiU be fore declared, concerning his said Estates in the County of Kent; and that the said Thomas Godfrey, by a Codicil, to his said Will, bearing Date the 14th Day of March 1771,didorderanddircft that the said Thomas Jull, and, his Issue Male, and all and every other Person or Persons who, by virtue of the Limitations in his said Will, should be entitled to his said Estates in Kent, and the Lands to be purchased with the Residue of his Personal Estate, should a Hume and take upon themselves. the Surname of Godfrey only, and bear the Arms and Crests of the Godfreys only, and should, within Two Years after he or they should be in Possession of the said Premises, by and under the Limitations of his said Will, procure or endeavour to procure One or more Acts of Parliament for that Purpose; and that the said Thomas Godfrey departed this Life on or about the 2 2d Day of April 17 72, and the Petitioner is now in Posselfiofi of the Premises devised by the Will of the said Thomas Godfrey, and of the Hereditaments and Premises purchased with the Residue of his Personal Estate: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall feetn meet,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Hobart- and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilberforce Bird presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, uijtil the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of " the next Sessioo of Parliament, Two several Acts, " passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the " Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the one, Chapter Thirty-two, on the Tenth " Day of March, and the other, Chapter Sixty-one, on " the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Seven ." hundred and Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a " limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of " His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation " of Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange, under a " limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called " England And the same was teceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, and the Two next. Persons to whom

the Title of Baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, to His Majesty and the Public, was commuted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a N - Second

Bill respecting the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, presented.

Lord Nelson't Annuity Bill, reported.

4$

30® Novembris.

A. 1798.

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fe-, verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be, then ingrossed.

The Thanks Ordered, Nemiue Cont, That the Thanks of

of the House this House be given to the Reverend Dr. Remell, for the l!cnn<‘U.Dr' Senuon by him preached Yesterday, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Wtftmnfter; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Steele and Sir William Young do acquaint him therewith.

Report Ways

ad ‘'

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the and Mean . Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the , House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz. sugar, Malt, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Tobaeeo, and That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma-n ' jesty, the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,) on Malt, by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act, made in the Twerfty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majestyj which, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament have Continuance until the 25th Day of March 1799, be further continued until the 25th Day of March 1800.

Land Taxon Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pension , &c. towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 15th Day of March 1799, upon' Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called: England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

Malt. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1799, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and upon all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1799 to the 24th Day of June 1800.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Two first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr: John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Do/uglas, Mr. Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and ‘ Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chanr - cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, tylr. Douglas, Mr. Bybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House supply. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty ,±>e now read.

And the feud Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Army, Ord-Garrisonsj and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, ..Quernfty, and Alderney, and in tionEstimates, Ireland, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December rtA;rr{'d *

1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces ifl the Plantations, See. including those at Gibraltar, in Portugal, and at the Gape of Good Hope; those on Special Service; and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1798 to 24th Decem-

ber 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That tfle Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Giteyn/ey, and Jersey, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioner? of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the Brid/h and Pay of Six Regiments of Foot for Service Abroad, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee. '

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Light Dragoons, and Twenty Regiment: of Foot, for Service in Eojl India, from 25th December 179840 24th December 1799, bqth inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred tq the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Twenty Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpol'e of Recruiting

the Regiments serving in East India, from 25th Decent-, her 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Re->

Cruiting, and Contingencies, for His Majesty's Land Forces, and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great tain, for the Year 1799 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, of the Royal Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, and of several Coips of Forcible Infantry, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and for several Corps of Fencible Infantry, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Cloath-ing for the Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and for the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, for the Year 1799,be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Cavalry, from 25th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Extra Feed for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, {os the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Embodied Provisional Cavalry, from 25 th December 1798 to 24th December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December 1798 to 24th Dece 1799, both

inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Commissary General of the Mullers; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers

of

by

39 Geo. III.

3O0 Navewkis.

47

of the Accounts of the Army j and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence, to be paid tq Iopjceepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1799 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay anft Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service q{ the States General, for the Year i 799^ be referred to the l'aid Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half . Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee. ' .

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensiona to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavaliy and Infantiy in Great Britain, lor the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Expences expected to be incurred in thp Barrack Maftpr General's Department, in the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1799 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yanis, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada in America, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1 7 99, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Chafge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nezv Brunswick, in America, from the 14th of June 1799 to the 24th of June 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Jiftitr}^ <?f the Charge of defying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Bre/ont in America, from the 24th of June 1799 to the 24th of June i&oq, be referred ta the laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the {fl^nd of land, in America, from the ift of April 1799 to the" ift of April 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment the Bahama //lands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending th? ferny, ffom the ift of January to the 31st of 1799, referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1799 to the 24th of June 1800, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Island of " minica, from the ill of January to the 31st of December " 1799," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying thp Civil EftAbljlhtpent df N$w Spufh Wales, fj-am the 10th of OSlobepY798 to thp 10th of 1799,

be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Hohie idhlved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refonaed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refelutions which they ' had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted \o His Majesty.

Estimate#,

printed.

Mr. Long presented to the jfjoufe, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for Secret service. Majesty's Secret Service Abrqad, for the YfiU-1799: And also,

An Estimate of the Sum which may be peceftary for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France,

Toidonefe Emigrants, and AmericanLoyalifts, for the Year

French Kc fogecs and American Loyalists.

1799

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read. The said Estimates are as followeth j viz.

Voj.. 54.

An

48 3°° Novembris. — 30 Decembris. A. 1798.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which ttiajr be wanted for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for the

Year 1799.

..... — 1 — - 1 ——

For His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad ----- -- £. 175,000

Deduct the Chaise on the Estimate of the Civil List for this Service

25,000

£ 150,coo

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, November 30th, 1798.

Charles Long.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be necessary for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of

France, Toulonefe Emigrants, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1799.

For French Clergy and Laity at present receiving Support, at the Rate of £.14,000 per Month, including Contingencies ——

‘toulonefe Emigrants, at £-4,500 per Quarter - -

Pensions and Allowances to American Loyalists, at £.10,000 per Quarter

£. 168,000 18,000 40,000

£. 226,000

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, November 30th, 1798.

Charles Long.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read 1 Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-fJrred 'de nS next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole CTre House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunee> 30 die Decembris;

Anno 39 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers,

Shropham Inclosure Bill, presented.

MR. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Shrophtim, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Godfrey's Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Or-

N:mie Bill, . jer> a Bill to enable Th full of next Sandwich,

in the County of Kent, Esquire, and his Issue, to assum'e and take the Surname of Godfrey only, and to bear the Arms and Crests of the Godfreys, pursuant to the Directions contained in a Codicil to the Will of Thomas Godfrey, late of London, Merchant, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subsefibed, being Merchants, and others, residing in or near the Cities of London and the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of M'tddlesex and Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the great Increase of the Trade and Commerce of the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of , and

Parts adjacent, the different legal Quays and Wharfs on the River Thames, and those used by Sufferance as Wharfs and Quays, are found inadequate to the Accommodation of the Shipping, which has been in a State of Increase during the last Hundred Years, and to the Purposes of Landing and Shipping of Goods and Merchandize, and, from the crouded State of the River, the Navigation is much impeded, and many Inconveniencies. Delays, and Accidents, as well as Lolles and Damages, are occasioned to the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London; and that, by Reason of the increased Navigation of the said River, great Damages and Delays are sustained by the Owners of, and Persons interested in, Ships and Vessels resorting to the said

Port;

London

Docks, &c. Petition. *

Petition from the Bath. See. Society, for a General Inclosure Bill.

Accounts

ordered.

Produce of Taxes.

Value of Exports.

D\

D®.

36 Geo. III. 30 Decemb49

Port; and that the said several Grievances might be removed, if good and sufficient Wet Docks, or Basons and Cuts, with proper Outlets, and other necessary Works, were made in convenient Situations near the said River, for the Reception and Discharge of Vessels, which would give Protection and Dispatch to Shipping, Accommodation to Commerce, and Security to the Revenue; and that, for carrying into Effect the Purposes aforesaid, it will be necessary to purchase certain Lands, Buildings, and Premisses, Which cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of, Parliament; and that the Petitioners have caused Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, to be made of the several Works necessary to be done for providing Docks, Basons, and Cuts, and other Accommodations, as aforesaid, and have raised a Subscription for carrying the same into Execution: And: therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the said Purposes, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Maiming, Mr. Hobart,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons thereunder subscribing. Members of The Bath and England Agriculture

Society, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners remain deeply imprefied with a full Convidliori that the Measure, in Favour of which they formerly petitioned the House, videlicet, the passing of a General Inclosure Bill, would have a happy Tendency to promote the general and permanent Interests of this Country, and would not only materially contribute to the progressive Increase of its Produce, Population, and Strength, but, by judicious Provisions, might all'o be made subservient to the Improvement of the Condition of the Peasantry, and other subordinate ClalTes of Society; they beg Leave, therefore, moll earnestly to renew their Petition in Favour of so important a Measure, which they trull will loon pass into Law

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ended the ioth Day of 1798,

distinguishing each Quarter, and also distinguishing the Duties imposed in r793» 794> 1795> 1796, 797> anc^ 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before tills House, an Account of the Value of the Manufactures exported from England, in the Three Quarters ended the ioth October 1797 and the ioth 1798; distin-

guishing each Article, and each Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of the Foreign Merchandize exported from England, in the Three Quarters ending the 10th of October 1797 and the ioth of 1798;

distinguishing each Article, and each Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a

Vox.. 54.

Lift of the principal Articles of British Manufactures exported from England, in the Quarter ending the ioth of October 1798; with the Rate per Centum which the declared Value, by the Exporters, exceeds or is less than the Rates or Estimates by which the same Goods are valued in the Books of the Inspector General of the Customs.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing arid granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt,-Tobacco, and Snuff, foi; the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr, Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Charge under an Act of Thirty-eighth Geo. III. intituled " An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War," compared with the Amount of the Assessments on which the Charge is made, as far as the same can be made up.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Charge under an Act of Thirty eighth Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War," compared with the Amount of the Assessments on which the Charge is made, as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Fifier, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ended the ioth Day of October 1798, distinguishing eacl} Quarter, and also distinguishing the Duties imposed in 1793, 1794,1795, 1796,1797, and 1798.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

O An

Land Tax, &c. BaJ, presented.

Malt Bill, prefehted.

Account of Charge under Aflelfed Taxes A&, ordered.

Presented *

Account of Produce of Taxes, presented.

jo 3 ° Decembris1798.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ended the ioth Day of October 1798; distin guishing each Quarter: And also distinguishing the Duties imposed in 1793, 1794 1795» 179^> 1797> an^ I79^-

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS, aftdr dedufling £. 29 169. 1. 5. computed Quarterly Sum to be carried to the Duties pro A° 1796 -

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE -.....-

Reserved out of Duty on Paper A0 1794, £. 18,750. being |lh Part of £. 75,000. the Annual Average Produce of former Duties

then repealed - - - ....

Reserved out of Duty on Spirit Licences A° 1794, £. 9,000. being £th Part of £. 36,000, the Annual Average Produce of former Duties then repealed, and in full to 5th July

1798 - - ....

CONSOLIDATED STAMPS ——

Reserved out of Duty on Hats A® 1796, £.2,369. 17. 9. being i^Part of£.9,479,11. the Annual Average Produce of former Duties then repealed -....

Reserved otic of Bills and Receipts A°T794, £. 32,150. being £th Part of £. 128,600. the Annual Average Produce of former Duties then repealed ....

Reserved out of Duty on Legacies A° 1796 £. 10,269. 155. being Part of£. 41,079 the Annual Average Produce of former Du ties then repealed, to complete Deficiencies to 5th July 1798, and in full to 10th October 1798....

INCIDENTS:

Consolidated Letter Money, the Annual Average Produce of the Duty prior to the Year 1795 Ditto ----- -- Salt, 1787 -

Seizures - -- -- - 1760 -

Prefers - -- -- - 1760 -

Alum Mines ——

Compofirioni ....

Rnt of a Light House - -6 /. Deduction on Pensions ix. - DJ - on Salaries -Houses and Windows - -Inhabited Houses - - - .

Hawkers and Pedlars - - .

Hackney Coaches and Chairs Male Servants -

Horses ——

1760 - - -1760 ... 1760 -

1721 -

1758 . - -1766 -

>779 - -1710 -

1711 and 1784.

1785

1785

- 1785 - -

- 1785 - .

Four Wheeled Carriages -Two-Wheeled - D° - -Firit Fruits of the Clergy -

Tenths - - Ditto....

Lottery Licences - - - ----- 1 .

Alienation Duty....

/\rresrs of Waggons....

Ditto - Carts -

Men Servants - - -....

female Servants ——

Houses and Windows - I747andi758 Shops.....- - -

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

DUTIES PRO A® 1793:

British Spirits, 1791

Foreign Ditto ——

DUTIES PRO A° 1794:

Sugar, 1791 - - - . -....

Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Annual Average ‘Produce as aforesaid ——

Game Duty ——

£. 10. per Cent. -

British Spirits, 1794 -

Foreign Ditto

Attornies Articles ——

Spirit Licences, after reserving the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid ——

Glass....

Bricks and Tiles (Custotr-

Ditto - - - (Excise) ——

Paper - - - (Customs) ——

Ditto - - - (Excise) after reserving the Annual Produce as aforesaid ——

Jblates and Stones ——

Quarter ended Quarter ended Quarter ended Quarter ended YEAR ended

5th January 5th April 5th July ioth October lorh October

1798. 1798. 1798. 1798. >798.

£. s, + & £ ' d. £. s. £. s. £ d.

780,582 13 to 1 543.824 $ 414,289 2 7 1,684,714 14 3 3,423,410 16 5 j-

1,873,610 9 a 1,1,630,654 9 3 12,009,748 4 5 1 >.833,154 12 2 7.347»>67 >5 f

18,750 — — 18.750 — — 18,750 — — 18,750 75,000 — —

9,000 — — I 9,000 — — 9,000 — — 27, OCO — — -

283,969 229,696 — tmm 230,841 — — 485,850 4 5 i 1,030,356 4 5

2,369' 17 9 ,369 17 9 2,369 17 9 2,369 17 9 9479 t —

31,150 32,150 — — i. y 32,150 32,50 128,600 — —

13,094 — — 1 2,-43> 18,771 16 2 10,269 I5 63,566 11 2

3,013,526 — IO 2,487875 ,2 9| 2,735,920 — u J , 867,259 3 7! 12,104,580 18 2

102,639 — — 102,639 — — 102,639 — 102,639 — — 410,556 — —

124.491 >3 8 121,696 — 3 120,640 18 4 79.873 7 9 - 446,702 — - — - \

10,148 12 8 12,884 9 4 13.592 — n 12,525 12 11 49 150 15 10

10 — — 26 15 11 491 3 4 93 19 — 622 8 3

— — 480 — — — 480 960 — —

— 6 8 268 — — — 6 8 3 — —

— — 6 13 4 — — — — ' 6 >3 4

18,693 13.000 — — 11,000 — — 10,000 52,693

12,988 11 4 38,498 14 4 9-534 >4 6 7,683 16 6 68,705; 6 8 -1-

98,352 4 I0| 65,462 4 9! 141,700 6 5 i .33,541 110 339,055 18 — £

41,695 7 10 i 26,983 5 10 66,107 7 >£ 38,087 16 1 172,873 17 4

,>365 2,040 3 6 1,184 1,150 5,719 3 6

5.700 5>5oo 5,800 — — 7,000 — — 24,000

31.421 — 1 18,336 10 3:| 39,812 19 7 »3-363 3 9 >12.934 >3

38,322 5 81 31,308 10 io£ S'-3s9 4 10 >4-3 3 4 9 I3543 6 2 j

48,246 19 — i 21,685 7 5 75-374 — 9 22,59 8 7i 167-897 15 10

15,319 1 8 j 5.140 1; 9! 24367 18 4-J 7,006 5 10 51.834 i 9

-_ 3-549 9 — , 3-549 9 —

— — — 9,872 5 6{ — 9,872 5 6 £

2,433 3 6 - a-433 3 6

— . ' 1,798 19 4 — " >,798 19 4

— IO — 1 6 — I 2l6 —

4 7 — — 2 — 112 l6 I -

— — 29 13 5 4 17 6 13 II 3 48 2 % .

— — 72 1 3 — — _ — 71 I 3

5S,827 7 2 465,798 — 6;S,86l 4 I 360,424 17 — -J - 056,911 8 jl

14,042 33,647 — 31.671 7.589 86,949

37,478 — — 50,946 27,193 130,514 — —

48,939 7>.>2i — — 62,617 ~~ 34,782 2 7463

10,714 Is 4i 6,329 II 2 185,540 1311 274,877 16 4i

2,273 6952 9,564 26,182 7 8 44-97 7 *

8.795 4,103 1,302 3'23 > 3 7-438 3

25,870 3 3 i 9,687 5 5 f 10 637 14 1 \ 4- > ® 3 9 7 s 50,378 12 6>

14,140 — — 33-777 32,174 7,564 87,655

38,552 30,290 29,225 — — 29,l68 — ~ 127,235

2,897 3,693 4-995 -r — 5»l75 4 16,760 1 4

62 361 5 50,500 — 9,351 10 — — — 122,212 15 —

10,709 — , 1 G48O — ~ 10,847 i°>533 43,569

I06 I4 I — 50 7 9 icr 7 6 >67 9 4

24,982 5»345 981 — — 17,452 48,760 — —

1,570 ii 8 1 83 — 8 2,829 10 3 3,216 8 3-;- 7,699 10 11

23 ;68S 22,016 ~ — 12,948 26,309 — — -84',961

3,820 13 5 3,341 8 — i 2,925 1 2 3,570 15 IO 13,657 18 6

292,0,-8 3 51 191,982 9 6f 134-159 4 5 ? 322,143 J 51 94O.343 12 IO *

(co itinue

39 Geo. III.

3

Decembrii.

5 *

PRO A 1^95:

DUTIES

British Spirits ....

Foreign Ditto - - - . 4 . .

Wines - - 4 -

Sweets ....

Cocoi -

Stamps - ..... . p.

Snip Policies

Hair Powder Certificates..... -

fceccipts -..... - -

Fruits, &c. - - - - -..... *

Coals - 4 - % -

Tea - - -....

Consolidated Letter Money, the computed Annual In crenie of Revenue, by Reason of the Restriction of] Franking per Act 35 Geo. 11f. -

Spirit Licences

DUTIES PRO A° 17961

Horses....

Tobacco - -

JHorfe Dealers Licences ——

Wine (Excise).....- -

Wine (Cullon>) ——

Sweets ——

Legacies, after reserving the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid -

Hats - - - D° - - D° - - D° - - -a/. Duty on Hcrfes Dogs -

£. 10. per Cent.

The computed Annual Saving by reducing the Allowance for Walle on Salt Taken out of Consolidated Customs, being the computed Anpual Saving to the Public on Account of the Redudhon on the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar Spirit Licences -

DUTIES PRO A° 1797:

Pepper ——

JT 20. per Cent. ——

British Spirits ——

Foreien Ditto

A onions ——

Deeds ——

Cocoa ——

Clocks and Watches -

Stage Coaches -

Sugar . .....-....

Bucks....

Tea ——

3 . Duty on Horses ——

Houses ——

Male Servants ——

Plate ——

Surplus of the Consolidated Letter Money, after reserving the several Sums of£.41^556 and £.40,000 per Act 35 Geo. 111. ——

Spirit Licences -

Horses ——

DUTIES PRO A0 1798:

Salt ..... Armorial Bearings Tea ..... Horses -

INCIDENTS - - -DUTIES pro A° 1793

1794

1795

1796

>797

>798

Quarter ended 5th Janvart >79 8- Quarter ended 5th April 798. Quarter ended $th July , 1798. Quarter ended loth October 1798. YEAR ended 10th October 1798.

£. 1. 13,281 38,214 - 53-53 473'"' — 6,412 6,766 — — 20,814 — — 10,184 — - .435 43-7'7 ' ~ 3,583 37,168 5. £. 1. 33.7>S 30,499 — — 70,875 — — 944 6,200 — — 8.749 12.172 — — 5,824 — i 9°7 — — 8,599 7 6{-1 729 10 3 46,536 — -T C s % 31,658 28,979 132,079 1.943 — — 4.669 7.670 ' 31.556 — — 71 595 1,83 23,056 9 4 6 993 1 ni 51,26a — — £ ' ' 7.S 5° 29.3'S 33 4-7 2,523 6,496 — — 8,592 18 3 31,517 8 9 70,075 6 3 2.104 3 ST 31.503 5 — T 5.947 16 8 59,166 — — £ 86,214 — — 127,007 — — 389.958 - — 5,»83 3.777 31.777 18 3 96059 8 9 157,678 6 3 7» 78 3 5 lc6 876 13 it £ 18,254 '94.13 5 i

to, oco — — 10,000 " — 10.000 — — 16,851 10 — 10,000 — — 7,750 ,: 40,000 — — 24,601 10 —

245,580 8 3_ 37.759 >7 9 420,144 1 + N 406^12 l8 5 1,309,497 5 9f

3>.5gS 3 7 5 »3°7 32 9+543 — — 99,257 — 8 490 20,159 18 5 51,538 39 — ~ 4-544 " — 56,554 16 — 977 54.237 13 4i +1,8 7 173 5 355 126,613 3 11 2,009 — 9775 8 i 38,593 583 3 8 88,918 — — 189,116 10 11 2,609 — — 115.75717 1} 183,265 1.217 3 8 93.36; — 47 .5,-1 11 7 6 085 — _

3-9+5 3 27.264 8 11 22,796 IS 5 24.575 1 10» 12381 2 3 13.8+5 7 11 7,272 12 3 lo,88i 12 1 \ 4,166 3 lO 6,531 2 3 42,558 1 4f 36,905 19 4 11.347 4 8 >4.95 3 5 18,558 17 — 10,361 11 1 9.977 3 6 3-93' 4 i i 19,1.8- 7 3 41,416 3 9 94029 9 3 { 76 952 10 71 50.735 91

8,000 — — 8,000 — — 8,000 — — 8,000 32,000 — — ,

29,169 5 29,169 1 5 29,169 1 5 66,906 20,169 1 5 23.003 — — - 116,676 5 8 89,90 . —

393,25914 3 215,462 10 j 435,808 10 2 447.54+ 16 n -J 1 1,492,075 u 9«

38,74; >4 11 ' 43,620 I2.476 37,671 11,591 IO5 0S6 — i»s 3 300 — — 9>549 -7 — 121,444 11 0 12,972 — 76,789 9 8 6co 600 — — 10,35218 5 33.800 — — 34,804 — 30,310 — 9-443 120,864 — — 1,579 2,300 — — 14,712 12,070 3 5 2,407 53,146 2.000 — — 1,900 — — IOO — — — S 44 29 880 16 6 130,115 33,213 28,734 9 4 3 137,632 »,i88 33 ,20 13.647 36,078 — 71 381 57.,49 55,540 33.720 5,30 47,196 19 2 I 47»3°° — — 7,130 29,500 — — 14,958 — 184,377 15 — 1.3 + 13,100 — — 15,202 8 10 229 06S 17 10 F 9>995 65,358 — 8,280 — 7,690 — 1,730 — 2 18 — 126176 9 1 244-335 — — 87.623 — — 120,215 — 45,4 5 547 959 15 — 5,604 4^,«ZO — — 53.110 8 10 399.261 13 7 25 755 _ — 52442 9 8 66,42© — __ 43.910 - 6 960 — — 3 3 4

48,161 — 61,361 — — 45.361 3.750 2,980 52.361. — 8,500 — — i>3°5 207,444 — ' _ 12.250 — — 4285 _ _

521,318 16 34 38M49 7 2{ 657,041 17 11 :j 744979 18 11 2.304,489 19

- — — 14.519 9 4 85,910 3 4 7>3 7 3 34,957 2,500 100,429 12 8 7,373 34-957 2,500 — — .

— — — — 14.519 9 4 1S° 74° 3 4 145.259 12 8

3,013,526 — >0 . 551,827 7 - 48-939 — - 292,038 3 5; - 245,580 8 3 ' 393. 59 >4 3 - 521,318 16 3 2,487,875 12 9J 465.798 — 71,125 i 191,982 9 6i 37.759 >7 9-i 215,462 10 5 i 381,149 7 2- \ 2,735,920 — 11 i 678,861 4 1 62,617 — — c 134.159 >4 Si t 420,144 1 4 435,808 IO 2 i 657,041 17 i\ I4.5'9 9 4 i3.867. 59 3 ?i 360,424 17 — 34,782 — — I 3 2.143 5 Si 406,012 18 5 447 54+ 6 u I 744,979 18 11 130,740 3 4: 12,104,580 18 2: 2.0569!! 8 3 , 2,7.463 [ 940.343 12 101 '.3'9-497 5 9-! - ',492.07; n 9x 2 304,409 19 0 J 145.259 12 8

5,066,5c9 >o 4,051,>5 17 IS '39.07i 17 5 i ['6,313.887 3 9 I zo>S7°>62i 9 2

Exchequer, the 3d 1 Day of December 1798. J

7 antes Fitter.

Vot.

54 *

lord NelTon's Annuity Bill, passed.

Report Supply *

Guard, and G&nrifons.

Charge of D#.

Forces in the

Plantations,

&c.

Difference between British and Irish Pay.

53 3° Decembris. A. 1798.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Regiments of Foot for Service Abroad, from the 25th Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House. Day of December 1798 to the 24th Day of December Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use Resolve That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Recniitine-fnr of the Members of the House. That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-nine Thousand One 101

Hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Three Shillings and The Bill, now ingrossed, for settling and securing a Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying certain Annuity on Horatio Nilfon Lord Nelson, and the the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Twenty

Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baroh Nelson of Companies of Foot, Rationed in , for the

the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the County of Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East

Norfolk, shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent India, from the 25th Day of 1798 to the 24th

Service performed by the said Horatio Nelf on Lord Nelf on. Day of December 1799 both inclusive, being 365 to His Majesty and the Public, was, according to Order, Days.

read the Third Time. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Rccroiting

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass: That a Sum, upon Account, not exceeding One Hun- g"nCfc7fi>r And that the Title be, An Act for settling and securing dred and Eighty-five Thousand Pounds, be granted to l and Forces, a certain Annuity on Horatio Nelson Lord Nelson, and His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Recruiting, the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Nel- and Contingencies, for His Majesty's Land Forces, and son of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the County of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the of Norfolk, shall defeend, in Consideration of the emi- Year 1799.

nent Service performed by the said Horatio Nelson Lord Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, General and Nelson, to His Majesty and the Public. That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Four- Offiter< *

Ordered, That Sir Andrew Snate Hamend do carry teen Thousand One Hundred and Forty-four Pounds

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Five Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- Year 1799.

jesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had direct- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Embodied ed him to report to the House; which he read in his That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions One Hun- &c *

Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: dred Thirty-nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Eight

Where the same were read; and areas followeth; viz. Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied That a Number of Land Forces, including Five Thou- Militia of Great Britain-, of the Royal Corps of Miners fafld Seven Hundred and Sixty-six Invalids, not exceed- of Cornwall and Devon; and of several Corps of Fending Fifty-two Thousand and Fifty-one effective Men, ble Infantry; from the 25th Day of December 1798 to Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers, be em- the 24th Day of December 1799, both inclusive, being ployed for the Year 1799. 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Contingencies That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Nine Hundred That a Sum, upon Account, not exceeding Sixty Thou- for D"‘

and Seventy-seven Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty- sand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying

three.Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence, be grant- the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia ed to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Fifty- of Great Britain, and for several Corps of Fencible two Thousand and Fifty-one effective Men, for Guards, Infantry, for the Year 1799.

Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ctoathing for Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, and in That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Seventy-nine D°‘

Ireland, including the Charge of the Pay of Commit- Thousand Nine Hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Nine-fioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, teen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Ma-with the additional Allowance to Subalterns, See. the jesty, for defraying the Charge of Ctoathing for the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Embodied Militia of Great Britain, and for the Corps Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, for the Year 1799. of Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fencible Ca-Masters, from the 25th Day of December 1798 to the That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred Eighteen 24th Day of December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Thousand Four Hundred and Forty Pounds Five Shil-Days. lings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, defraying the Charge of l'everal Corps of Fencible That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Hundred and Sixty- Cavalry, from the 25th Day of December 1798 to the one Thousand Six Hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Ten 24th Day of December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, Days.

for maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extra Feed for including those serving at Gibraltar, in Portugal, at The That a Sum, upon Account, not exceeding Twenty-five Da'

Cape of Good Hope-, those on special Service; and a Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for de-Corps of Foot in Nezv South Wales-, including the fraying the Charge of Extra Feed for the several Corps Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non- of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year commissioned Officers, and Private Men, with the ad- 1799.

ditional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. the Charge of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Provisional Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Pri- That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Nine CavaIry' vate Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Thousand.One Hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Three"

Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers, Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, from the 25th Day of December ^98 to the 24th Day for defraying the Charge of several Corps of Embodied of December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days. Provisional Cavalry, from the 25th Day of December Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 1798 to the 24th Day of December 1799, both inclusive.

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-two Thousand Nine being 365 Days.

Hundred "and One Pounds and Nineteen Shillings, be Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, su;>ermimera-granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one Thousand Seven 7 officers, the Difference between the British and Irish Pay of Six Hundred and Forty-one Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, a be

Paynufter General, &c.

.Subsistence paid to Inn keepers;

Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines.

Reduced Horle Guards.

Officers late in the Service of the States General.

Reduced Officers of British American Forces.

Chelsea Hospital

Widows Pensions.

Volunteer

Corps.

Barrack Department.

39 Geo. III. 30 Decentbr 53

be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th Day of December 17.98 to the 24th Day of December 1799, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Twenty-three Thousand and Six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence,' be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the Commissary General of the Muf-ters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army; and for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Pay-master General; for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Twenty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence, to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Sixty-three Thousand Nine Hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1799-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to One private Gentleman of the Two Troops of Horle Guards reduced, and to One superannuated Gentleman of the Four Troops of Horle Guards, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account of the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Y'ear 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year

1799-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred Forty-two Thousand Six Hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year. 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen Thousand Five Hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the fame, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, upon Account, not exceeding Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry in Great Britain, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Twenty-two Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Expences expected to be incurred in the Barrack Master General's Department, in the Year 1799.-V o 54.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, no.t exceeding One Hundred Seventy-three Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three Hundred and Twenty-four Thousand Four Hundred and Thirteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1799.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-one Thousand Nine Hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-six Thousand Two Hundred and Eighteen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty,' for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for $ea Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1797.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this -Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Eight Thousand Two Hundred and Twenty-five Pounds One Sniffing and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this "Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Hundred and Twenty-nine Thousand and Sixty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1799-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Ninely-threfe Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yatds, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinidn of this Committee, ThataSum, not exceedingSeven Thousand One Hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the ift Day

January to the 31st Day of December 1799.

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThataSum, not exceeding Five Thousand Four Hundred and Fifteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ill Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Six Hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1799 to the 24th Day of June 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingOne Thousand Nine Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the 1 ft Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Eight Hundred and Forty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the

P . Island

Foreign

Corps.

Ordnanc *

Do.

Do.

Do.

Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy.

Upper Canada.

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick.

St. John' hund.

Cape Bretoit

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

lilands.

Bermudas.

Dominica.

New South Wales.

54.

Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of -June 1799 to the 24th Day of June 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Four Hundred and Fifty-one Pounds and One Shilling, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of , in from the 1 ft Day of April 1799 to the 1 ft Day of April 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four ThousandOne Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for. defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama ljlands, in America, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1799 to the 24th Day of June 1800.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of , from the

1 ft Day of January to the 31st Day of December 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand and Sixteen Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1798 to the 10th Day of ORo 1799.

The First Twenty-six Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Resolutions, which have been postponed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House M«m and to re olve itfe £ into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Instruaion. Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House-will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was _ directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit a^ain.

Resolved, lhat this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply defer Resolved, That this House will, upon

red Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

30 — 40 Decembris.

A. 1798.

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock:

' Martis, 40 die,

Anno 39° Georgii 3 " Regis, 1798. Prayers.

APETITIO.N of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending; widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North-east Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Nuffield, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and IVantage, to in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which (till remain due; and that the said Roads cannot be completely amended, turned, altered, and kept in Repair, and the said Debts be discharged, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Mr. Wallace,

&c.:‘And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of several Open Common Fields and Common Meadows, and of Estates claiming Right of Common on certain Commons or Waste Lands, in the several Parillies of Leintwardine, Downton, Aston,

and Elton, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the several Parishes aforesaid, several Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, of little Value, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted to the several Persons interested therein in Severalty, and such Allotments inclosed, the same would be more convenient, and for the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates in the Parish of Molesworth, in the County

fruffiekhWal lmgford, and Farringdon, Roads Peri tioxu

Leintwardine, See. Inclosur Petition.

Molesworth

Inclosure

Petition.

3Q Geo. III. 4 Decembris.

County of Huntingdon, was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, i ,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Properties of the Owners of the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows lie very much intermixed and dispersed in ftnall Parcels, so as to render the Cultivation thereof very inconvenient; but, if the lame, together with the said other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, were divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, they would be rendered of greater Value, and might bemuch improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and incloung, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That' Leave be given to bring in a Bill, puf-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Mr. , Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scotch Notes A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, Ml, commit- puffed |n the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Thirty Days " after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament " of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One Hundred and Thirtyleven, videlicet, on the Twentieth of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great , called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons " who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in " that Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited " Time," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved;That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

BQirespecting A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, uiffory Notes, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of committed. Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next " Session of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the " Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth " and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, " the one. Chapter Thirty-two, on the Tenth Day of " March, and the other. Chapter Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange, " under a limited Sum, within that Part of tain, called England," was, according to Order, read a ft Second Time.

Resolved, That the ' Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 54. 1

The House was moved. That the Order, made Yes- or terday, That there be laid before this House, an tish Manufac- Account of the Value of British Manufactures ex- tures exportported from England, in the Three Quarters ended an0‘thfr '

the 10th October 1797 and the 10th October 1798, ordered.

" distinguishing each Article, and each Period," might be read.

And the lame, being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of the British Manufactures exported from England, in the Three Quarters ending the 10th of October 1797 and the 10th of October 1798; distinguishing the principal Articles, and the Exportations to the East Indies and China, from the Exports to all other Parts.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, InspeC-for General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain Exports,'pm-and the British Colonies, attended at the Door; he was rented. called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Value of the British Manufactures exported from England, in the Three Quarters ending the 10th of October 1797 and the 10th of October 1798; distinguishing the principal Articles, and the Exportations to the East Indies and China, from the Exports to all other Parts: And also.

An Account of the Value of the Foreign Merchandize exported from England, in the Three Quarters ending the xoth October 1797 and the 10th October 1798; dist inguishing each Article, and each Period: And also,

A Lift of the principal Articles of British Manufactures exported from England, in the Quarter ending the 10th tiftober 1798, with the Rate per Centum which the declared Value, by the Exporters, exceeds or is less than the Rates or Estimates by which the same Goods are valued in the Books of the Inspector General of the Customs.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, and Lift, were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and Lift, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The feid Accounts, and Lift, ire preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in netted/C°m England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was, according to Order, read, a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty Malt Bill, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for committed, the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. t

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Report Way Committee of the whole House, to -whom it was re- Meap . ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for railing

the

1

Repealing the additional Duty on the Alieiied Taxes.

Charging d Duty upon Income.

O - O

4 — 5

Decctfibris.

A: 1798.

the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him- to report to the House; which he read in his Place.

Ordered, That the said Report be brought up.

Mr. Hobart accordingly delivered the said Report in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution " of the War," as charges any Person with an additional Duty in Proportion to the Amount of the Rates or Duties to which, prior to the 5th Day of April11798, such Person was assessed according to any Assessment made in pursuance of any Act of Parliament in Force at the Time of passing the said Act of the last Session, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged Annually, during a Term to be limited, the several Rates and Duties following, upon all Income arising from Property in Great Britain, belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, although not resident in Great Britain, and upon all Income of every Person residing in Great Britain, and of every Body Politic or Corporate, or Company, Fraternity, or Society of Persons (whether Corporate or not Corporate) in Great Britain, whether any such Income.shall arise from Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, where-soever the same shall be situate, in Great Britain or elsewhere, or from any Kind of Personal Property, or other "Property whatever, or from any Profession, Office, Employment, Trade, or Vocation; that is to say,.

One One-Hundred and Twentieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount unto per Annum, and shall be under £.65 per Annum:

One Ninety-fifth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount' to £. 65, but shall be under 70:

One Seventieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £. 70, but shall be under £. 75:

One Sixty-fifth Part of such Incomej if the same shall amount to £.75, but shall be under £.80:

One Sixtieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £.80, but shall be under £.85:

One Fifty-fifth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £.85, but shall be under £.96:

One Fiftieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £.90, but shall be under £.95:

One Forty-fifth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £ 95, but shall be under 100:

One Fortieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £.100, but shall be under £.105:

One Thirty-eighth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount tojf. 10c, but shall be under£.110:

One Thirty-sixth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £. 110, but shall be under £.115:

One Thirty-fourth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £.115, but shall be under £.120:

One Thirty-second Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £. 120, but shall be under £. 125:

One Thirtieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £. 125, but shall be under 130:

One Twenty-eighth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £.130, but shall be under £.135:

One Twenty-fixtH Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to 135, but shall be under £. 140:

One Twenty-fourth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £. 140, but shall be under £. 145:

One Twenty-second Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £.145, but shall be under x 50:

One Twentieth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £. 150, but shall be under ,£.155:

One Nineteenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £-15$, but shall be under £. 160:

One Eighteenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £. 160, but shall be under 165:

One Seventeenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to£.165, but shall be under 170:

One Sixteenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount tOjf. 170, but shall be under£.175:

One Fifteenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount tOjf.175, but shall be under £.180:

One Fourteenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount tOj£.yi8o, but shall be under 185:

One Thirteenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount tOjf.185, but shall be under £.190:

One Twelfth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount tojf.190, but shall be under £.195:

One Eleventh Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £.195, but shall be under 200:

And One Tenth Part of such Income, if the same shall amount to £ 200, or upwards.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John 'Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

.The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration, the Resolutions Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which were then postponed.

And the said Resolutions being again read; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hdufe.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny Bill, punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better 0l'dtred-Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Steele, and Mr.

Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till. Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Cjock. . '

Mercurit\ 50 d Decembris,

Anno 390 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Postponed Resolutions of Supply, agreed to.

Pkavers,

MR. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts, palfed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Town of in

the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To

Hertford and Watford, &c. Roads Petition, reported.

2>9 Geo. IIL 50 — 6° D. £3

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Arts were read: And,

Mr. Henry Alington, the Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That the Trustees, arting under the said Arts, have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which now remains due; and that the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Arts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the county of,

through Watson, to Broadwater, and from the Town of

Ware, through Wat ton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County: And that Mr. Baker and Mr. Plumerdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Prosecution of the War; and to make mor6 effectudl Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in Lieu of the said Duties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tilde.

Ordered, That the said Bill be tead a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made; and the Question being put, Motion for That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, over,

the 19th Day of this Instant December-, Neg.

It palfed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole de *

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for erre ' raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply de-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fcrred House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Fleet Prifo *

Debtors,

Petition.

A Petition of several Persons confined for Debt ih His Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committeeon Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ' 1 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Instruction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to di-rert that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1799, of the Incomes of the Duties on

Malt, granted for the Year 1797, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1799.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Land Tax, Bui, deterred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

incomeDoty Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Vol. 54.

Jovisy 6° die Decembris',

Anno 39# Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Pr AYERS.

A PETITION of 'Johann George Wicke, was prd-. Wick's Nat.

fented to the Iloule, and read; Praying, That Petition. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer'of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Abraham Zimon Cuvelje, was Cuyelje's Nat.

presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave Petition' may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Dent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Philip Marindin, was presented to Marinin's the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be , Nat. Petition, given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Lubbock do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Henry Vernon, of Hilton Park, in the Parish Ellington, &c. of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Proprietor of several valuable Mines of Coal and Ironstone, in the Liberty of ton, in the Parish of Bushbury, and County of Stafford, at the Distance of Three Miles and a Half, or thereabouts, from the Staffordshire and Canal;

and that, by a Survey lately taken, it appears that certain Railways or Roads, for the Conveyance of thq Produce of the said Mines and other Things, may be made from the said Mines into the said Canal; l'uch Railways or Roads to join and communicate with the said Canal at the respective Places after-mentioned, one

Q of

58 6° Decembris. A. 1798.

of such Railways or Roads to pass through the several Townships, Hamlets, Liberties, or Parillies of

Bushbury, Hilton, Wolverhampton, Great and

Little Saredon, in the same County, and to be continued from the Place near where the Latherford Brook crosses the Road between Share/hill and Calf heat [i, near to Goody Bridge, in the Liberty of Great Saredon aforesaid, and to communicate with the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at or near the same Bridge; and the other of the said Railways or Roads to pass from the said Place near where the said Brook, called Latherford Brook, crosses-the said Road between and Calf heath',

and to be continued near Latherford Brook Side, and communicate with the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal near where- that Brook runs under t^e said Canal, in the Liberty of Little Saredon aforesaid; and that the making of such several Railways or Road$, with proper Wharfs and other Conveniences thereto, will be of great Advantage to the said Henry Vehion, and to the Inhabitants of an extensive Tract of Country near to, or communicating with, the said Canal, and be otherwift of general Utility; and that the Petitioner is desirous of making and maintaining the same at his own Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, enabling him to make and maintain such Railways or Roads as aforesaid, or such of them as the House shall approve, with proper Wharfs, and other Conveniences thereto, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. the Earl Gower

Sutherland, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Scotch Note The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bui, deferred. ref0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Thirty " Days after the Commencement of the next Session of " Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of " His present Majesty, Chapter One Hundred and " Thirty-seven, videlicet, on the Twentieth of July One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in this present " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and " continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, " passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, x< An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking " Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain " Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all " Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited Time

- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into the said Committee.

Indemnity Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill, ordered, indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped. according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Ad-, . millions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have

4

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neg-lested to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Roje, and- Mr. Long, ' do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

4

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Land Tax, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Biu, de-upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His etK Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed', and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Ma't Bill, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported' continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read Throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. i

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow jylorning, if the said Bill shall be then in-groircd.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, incomeDny rr> ,. 1 ef Bill, com-

made in the last Session or Parliament, for granting an mined.

Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War;

and to make more.effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in Lieu

of the said Duties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, in- 'Bin to amend tituled, " An Act for making perpetual, subject to Re- L.indT«

" demption and Purchase, in the Manner therein dated. Atff ordered. " the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the " Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-eight," was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Time limited fun the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend the Provisions of the said Act: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bur don, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor have Leave to make a Motion,

And

Return of

General and 6tutf Officers, ordered.

Godfrey's Kame Bill, committed.

Shropham inclosure Bill committed.

Petition for making a Canal and Docks in the Jile of Dogs.

39 Geo. III. 6° — -7° Decembris. 59

And he moved the House accordingly. mages, Losses, and Expences, arc almost continually

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a sustained from the last mentioned Caul'es, to the Hin-Return of the General and Staff Officers rfow serving drance and Discouragement of Commerce, and the great within Great Britain, distinguishing the Ranks of the Injury of the Public Revenue; and that the said Evils different Officers, l'pecifying the Divisions of the King- might, in a great Degree, be remedied, if the Petition-dom where they are now serving, and shewing the ers were enabled to make and maintain a Navigable Amount of Pay received by each Officer. Canal or Passage sufficient for Ships and other Vessels

across the said Isle of Dogs between Blackwall and -And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow house Hole, so as to avoid, when necessary, the circuitous Morning, Ten of the Clock. Course aforesaid, and to purchase the Mooring Chains

in the River Thames, from London Bridge to the Ki ng's Moorings at Deptford, and to appoint Harbour Mailers " to regulate the Navigating and Mooring of Ships and Vessels in and near the said Port, which Improvements would give Accommodation and Encouragement to Commerce, and be of great Public Utility; and that, by Plans and Surveys lately made, it appears that such Cut or Canal as before-mentioned may be made, and the Petitioners are willing and desirous to undertake the , making and maintaining thereof; and that the Petitioners apprehend and believe, if good and sufficient Wet

A BILL to enable Thomas full, of Ashn^xt Sand- Docks and Basons, with proper Cuts, Sluices, and Out-zvtch, in the County of Kent, Esquire, and his lets, were made and established in some Part or Parts of lii'ue, to aifume and take the Surname of Godfrey only, the of Dogs, with Quays, Wharfs, and Warehouses, and to bear the'Arms and Crefls of the Godfreys, pur- attached thereto, where necessary, for the Reception and suant to the Directions contained in a Codicil to the Discharge of Ships and Vessels employed in the West W ill of Thomas Godfrey, late of London, Merchant, de- India Trade, the same would be extremely beneficial to ceased, was read a Second Time. the said Trade, and advantageous to the general Com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, merce of the Port of London, by the Room and Ac- Mr. John Pitt, Scc.: And they are to meet this After- commodation which would necessarily arise from the noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Removal of Ships and Vessels employed in the West

India Trade out of the River, and such Removal would,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole also tend greatly to the Increase and Security of the Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Public Revenue; and that, by Pians and Surveys lately Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish made, it appears, that such Wet Docks, Basons, and of Shropham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Se- other Requisites, may be made and conllrufted in cond Time. ' the Isle of Dogs, which will afford ample and com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, plete Relief and Accommodation to the Port: And Mr. John Pitt, See.: And they are to meet this After- therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall The House being informed that the Sheriff's of the seem meet.

City of London attended at the Door; they were called Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, (ponsideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall mons, of the City of London, in Common Council appear to them, to the House:

assembled. And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, the

And then they withdrew. Lord Mayor of London, &c,: And they are to meet

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the considerable Diladvantages and Impediments to the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-Trade of the Port of London arise from the circuitous Tons, Papers, and Records.

Course of the River Thames round the Isle of Dogs,

biiips and Vessels being sometimes loft, or greatly da- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Additional maged, and their Cargoes injured, in attempting the thereunto subscribed, being Planters and Merchants canal°and0r Pafluge round it, or detained below it for fever.;1 Days interested in, and trading to His Majesty's Colonies bocks in ih. together waiting for a Change of Wind, which Losses and Settlements in the Indies, was presented to the DoS ‘ and Inconveniences might be avoided, and the Delay House, and read; Setting forth. That the Want of rendered unnecessary, if a Passage between Blackwall Accommodation for the Landing and Shipping of and The Pool could be effcdled without such circuitous Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Port of London,

Course; and that, from the very great and progressive has for some Years past been experienced by all Persons Increase of the Number and Size of Ships and other trading to the said Port, and more especinlly by the Peti-Vessels trading to the Port of London, the River Thames, tioners and all others concerned in the West India Trade, in and near the said Port, is in general so much crowded by Reason of the confined and crowded State of the with Shipping, Lighters, and other Craft, that the Na- Legal Quays in or belonging to the said Port; and that, vigation of a considerable Part of the said River is from the Nature and Value of the Cargoes imported thereby rendered tedious and dangerous, and there is a from the West Indies, the Petitioners and others, con-great want of Room in the said Port for the safe and cerned in the West India Trade, fuller in a highly aggra-convenient Mooring of Vessels and constant Accel's to vated Degree from the heavy Losses occasioned by Plun-thern; and that great Inconveniences are also expe- der, and from the Delay and increased Expence, arising rienced in the said Port from the Want of Regulations from the above-mentioned Caul'es, attending the Dll-concerning the navigating and removing of Vessels in charge of the Ships and Vessels employed in that Trade, and near the lame, and the Want of a proper Arrange- and the Public Revenue is thereby also very materially ment of Ships and other Vessels in their several Moor- diminished; and that the Petitioners apprehend and Rigs with respect to their Dimensions, the Nature of believe, if good and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons, their Cargoes, and their relative Intercourse with the with proper Cuts, Sluices, and Outlets, were made and Custom Ilouie; and that great Delays, Accidents, Da- established in some Part or Parts of the Isle of Dogs,

Vo l. 54. with

Vener'tSy 7® die Decembris;

Anno 390 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1798.

4

Evcfham Roads Petition.

London Docks, &c. Petition, reported.

6o 7 Decembris.1798.

With Quays, Wharfs, and Warehouses, attached thereto, Standing Orders of the House, relative to Naviga-where necessary, for the Reception and Discharge of tion Bills, had been complied with (except so far as the Ships and other Vessels employed in th t'WeflIndia same are dispensed with, by the Order of the House of Trade, the same would not only be extremely beneficial the 18th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament); to the Petitioners, and all others concerned in the said and that the Committee had examined the Matter of Trade, but advantageous to the Trade in general fre- the said Petition, and had directed him to report the questing the Port of London, by Reason of the Room fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he and Accommodation which would necessarily arise from read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it the Removal of the Ships and Vessels employed in the in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and West India Trade out of the River; and that, by Plans is as followeth; viz.

and Surveys lately made, it appears that such Wet To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Tho-Docks, Basons, and other Requisites, may be made and mas Esquire, being examined, said. That he

constructed in the Isle of Dogs, and the Petitioners are has been formerly a Seaman, and a considerable Ship willing and desirous to undertake to make and maintain Owner, but is now a Merchant: That he is well ac-the same at their own Expence; and that the Petitioners quainted with the Port of London. And being asked are informed Application is making to the House, by Whether, from the great Increase of the Tfade and Com-the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the merce of and Southwark, and the

City of London, for a Bill to enable them to make and Parts adjacent, the present Legal Wharfs and Quays on maintain a Navigable Cut or Canal, for the safe and the River Thames, and those used as Legal Wharfs and convenient Passage of Ships and other Vessels, acroi's Quays by Sufferance, have not been found inadequate to the said Ife of Dogs, which Cut or Canal will, as the the Accommodation of the Shipping coming thereto, . Petitioners are all'o informed, pass very near to the Place and to the Purpose of landing and shipping Goods, proposed for the Scite of the said intended Wet Docks Wares, and Merchandizes thereat ? he said. Very made-and Basons; and that the making of the Wet Docks quate, particularly this present Year. And being asked, and Canal above-mentioned will be the Means of afford- Whether the Shipping, lying in the Port of London, have ing certain, adequate, and complete Relief and Accom- not increased very considerably within the lall One Hua-modation, not only to the West India Trade, but all'o to dred Years? he laid, Very considerably. And being all the Rest of the Shipping now, or hereafter, frequent- asked, Whether many Inconveniences, Delays, and ing the said Port of London, and to the general Trade Accidents, as well as Losses and Damages, have not been thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave rtlay be given occasioned to the Trade and Commerce of the Port of to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in London, from the crowded State of the River, and from such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regu- other Circumstances before-mentioned ? he said, Cer-lations, as to the House shall seem meet. tainly. And being asked. Whether, from the very great

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Increase of the Navigation of the River, many very Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last pre- heavy Damages and Delays have not been frequently ceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine sustained by the Owners of, and Persons interested in, the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it Ships and Vessels resorting to the Port of London ? he shall appear to them, to the House. said. Yes; many. And being asked, Whether, if good

and sufficient Wet Docks, or Basons and Cuts, with A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in proper Outlets and other necessary Works were made in Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the convenient Situations, near the RJver, for receiving and Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing certain discharging Vessels, the said several Grievances would Parts of Three several Acts of Parliament, for repairing not be removed, Protection and Dispatch given to several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Eve- Shipping, Accommodation to Commerce, and Security sham, in the County of Worcester, and for repairing and to the Revenue ? he said. It would be a very great Ser-widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the said vice to the Trade, by affording Dispatch and Accommo-Borough, to the Globe Inn, in Alcester, in the County of dation to the Shipping, and highly advantageous to the Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Revenue, forth. That a considerable -Sum of Money hath been Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill borrowed, and is now due and owing, upon the Credit of for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road for the greater Accommodation and Security of Ship-by virtue of the said Act, and great Progress hath been ping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of Lon-made in repairing the said Road; that the Term of the don: And that Mr. Manning, Sir William and said Act is now expiring, and that the Money, borrowed Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, and due as aforesaid, cannot be paid off, and the said

Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said A Petition of the Company of 'Proprietors of the Petition to Act be further continued: And therefore praying. That Oxford Canal Navigation, was presented to the House,

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and read; Setting forth. That, by several Acts, palfed in Jna the Term of the said Act, for such 'Lime as the Iloule the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth shall think proper. - Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Consideration of a Committee; and that they do ex- Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, certain Persons amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it therein mentioned, and their Successors, were incorpo-shall appear to them, to the House: rated by the Name of Company of Proprietors of the

And it is referred to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Bankes, Oxford Canal Navigation, and have long since made

£cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at and completed the said Canal near to a certain Place Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and within the said City of Oxford, called Badcock's Garden, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. where it is proposed the said Canal shall terminate; and

that Doubts have arisen whether the said Company were Mr. Manning reported from the Committee, to whom authorized by the said Acts to carry the said Canal the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are beyond the Boundaries of the said City, and it has been thereunto subscribed, being Merchants and others, found that the said Acts are in some Respects defective, residing in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, and further Powers are wanted to enable the said Com-the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the pany more effectually to support and maintain the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, was referred; That Navigation; and that it would be of Advantage to the the Committee had examined, and found that the said Company of Proprietors, and to the Public, if such

Doubts

39 Geo. III.

7° Decembris.

61

Doubts were obviated, and if the said Acts were explained, altered, and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John , Lord Charles

tlement of their Estates during a Period of War, the Delay has been greater, and Expences heavier, and with less and later Returns than estimated; the Debts of the Planters to their Merchants are become greater, and the Demand of the Loan Instalment, at the early Period of January next ensuing, would renew the Scene , of Ruin and Distress throughout the Colonies; and that the most extraordinary Rains and Unfeafonableness of last Summer, in the Islands of Saint Vincent and,

and which could not be taken into previous Calculation, has much contributed to the Difficulties which neeeffi tate the Petitioners to this Application for Relief, having

Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and delayed the Harvest or Crops of Sugar to a much later have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Period of the Year than usual, and which, together with the Want of Shipping in the Ports of the Islands, pre-Account of Ordered', That there be laid before this House, an vents the Petitioners availing themselves of the Proceeds Jancrf by the Account of the Money advanced by the Bank of Eng- of their Estates in Time to answer the Demands against Bank, order- land, for the Public Service, and outstanding on the 7 th them at the present Period: And therefore praying, That of December 1798. further Time may be allowed for the Payment of the

Instalments becoming due from them on Loan by Exche- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, quer Bills, by a Bill to be brought in to such Effect, or a Bill further to continue an A&, made in the Thirty- in such other Manner, as to the House shall seem meet, seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His

cd.

Bill to conti-cue Act for Punishment of Attempts to ft luce Sea or Land Forces, preleuted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, ^dTax,4cc *

Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience: upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Ma-

Petition of the Planters, &c. of St. Vincent's and Grenada.

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Planters and others of His Majesty's Islands of Saint Vincent and Grenada, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, the Estates and Property of the Petitioners in the Islands of Saint Vincent and Grenada, having been devastated or destroyed by a cruel and ferocious Enemy, they, with Gratitude, advert to the Benevolence of the British, Parliament, which, in Retribution to the Loyalty and persevering Bravery that ultimately preserved the Sovereignty of those Islands to the British Crown, did, in 1795, by a Loan of Exche-

jesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instructitmij mittee. That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1727,out t^ie Supplies granted for the Year 1799.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, quer Bills, supply the Sufferers with the Means to re- when the House will please to receive the same, build their Houses and Works, and re-establish their Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Estates; and that, the Enemy again appearing in Force Morning, in the Beginning of the Year 1796, and having anew

ravaged several Estates, by the generous Attention Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for, the Third Malt Bill, plf-of the British Legislature, the Periods of the Payments Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing and fed' of the Loan on Exchequer Bills was somewhat pro- granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, longed, to the great Relief of the Petitioners, the First Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year Payment being to be made on the 5th of January 1799; One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now and that the Petitioners, under great Difficulty and read.

Distress, and in which, from their most respectable Cor- And tire said Order being read accordingly;

respondents abroad, they understand the loyal Colonists The said Bill was read the Third Time,

of Saint Vincent's and Grenada to be generally involved, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title are induced to solicit, again. Relief from the House, by be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty further deferring the Periods of paying the Instalments, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for so that their Crops and Returns of their Estates may im- the Service of the Year One thousand' Seven hundred power them to answer so their Engagements; and that and Ninety-nine.

the Petitioners rely on the Benevolence of Parliament to Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the take into its Consideration, that, under Circumstances Lords, and desire their Concurrence, of general Ruin and Devastation, and thereon the

Bounty and Means of Restoration held out by the Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill to amend Legislature. to a warm and grateful People, the Efti- House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Time Lan 1 T3 £5' r,c may> with some, limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to plated. *

explain and amend an Act, matte, in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual,

" subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner " therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged " in Great , as a Land Tax for One Year, frorq

R " the

mate of Periods of Re-establishment may, with have been too sanguine, with others have been obstructed by partial Impediments, and generally calculated to an Accuracy of Time which thankful Duty would suggest and engage for, rather than Experience or Fore-fight warrant; and that, in ordinary Process of Re-set-V01. 54.

Estimate of the Expence of executing the Land Tax Redemption Act> ordered.

Bill to continue Act for accepting Offers of Militia Regiments, p relented.

Committee on Income Uutv Bill.

Committee on Scotch Notes Bill.

62 70 Decembris. 1798.

" the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-eight:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House; an Estimate, as far as the same can be made up, of the Expence which may have attended, or may attend, the Execution of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner " therein stated, the 'several Sums of Money now " charged/n Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, " from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-eight."

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer preferred. to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, " to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia " Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in :"And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time ‘‘To-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Profecuriori of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in Lieu of the said Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament,.intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Thirty " Days after the Commencement of the next Session of " Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament " of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One Hundred and Thirtyleven, videlicet, on the Twentieth of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session " of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed " in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, " to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for " a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who " have issued Notes for small Sums or Money in that " Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited Time," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order,' resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act to continue. Until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session " of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and " Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the " one. Chapter Thirty-two, on the Tenth Day of " March, and the other, -Chapter Sixty-one, on the " Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited " Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of

Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange, under a " limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called " England."

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and fhat he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wj^ole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering effectual His Majesty's " Orders in Council, of the Sixteenth and Twentyfirst Days of January One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-five, respecting the Admission of the " Effects mentioned in the said Orders into the Ports of " this Country, to be Warehoused; and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in Consequence of " such Orders," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to make further Provision " respecting Ships and Effects come into this Kingdom " to take the Benefit of His Majesty's Orders in Coun " cil, of the Sixteenth and Twenty-first Days of January " One Thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five, and " to provide for the Disposal of other Ships and Effects " detained in, or brought into, the Ports of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to indemnify all Persons who have " acted in consequence of Orders in Council, issued since " the Twenty-second Day of November One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-five, for the Admission of " certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and " to authorize the issuing of Orders in Council for the " like Purpose, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue several Acts, " made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of

" His

Committee on Bill respecting the Negociation of Pro-milfory Notes.

Aft# respecting Neutral Ships, Ire. to be contidcred *

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply de-fored *

Answer of Sir John Borlafe Warren to Vote of Thanks.

39 Geo. III.

8a Decembris.

63

" His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Admis- fion of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that " Purpose, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act authorizing.His Majesty, " for a limited Time, to make- Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to,1 and from, The Good Hope," might be read.

And the same was' read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to 4‘ continue, until the Expiration- of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in' the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and also, an Act, passed in the same Year, Chapter Eighty, videlicet, on the Twenty-second Day of May One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-five; and also, another Act, " passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty. Chapter Seventy-six, , on the Four-

" teenth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-six, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the s issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and " to continue, for the same Period, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one, videlicet, on the Twenty-eighth " Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to, and " from, The Cape of Good Hope," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock *

Sabbat I, 8. die Decembris;

Anno 39 Georgii IIItu Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the Hoilfe, That he had received, from Sir John Borlafe Warren, the following Letter, in return to the Thanks of this House, of the 21 ft Day of November last, signified to him by Mr. Speaker: -

It is difficult for me to express the Sense I entertain of the high Honour conferred upon me, by so august an Assembly as the House of Commons of Great Britain, by their Vote of Thanks, and their Approval of my Conduct, with that of my Brother Officers Seamen, and Marines, on the 12th of OSlbber last; and which I have, in Obedience to your Commands, communicated this Day to the Officers and several Ships Companies that composed the Squadron.

The greatest Encouragement that an Officer can receive to a faithful Discharge of his Duty, is to obtain the good Opinion of his Country, expressed by their Representatives in Parliament assembled *

I am convinced that the Officers and Men, with whom I acted on the above Day, as well as hiyself, will continue to preserve the most grateful Remembrance of so high a Distinction, to the latest Hour of their Lives; and we rely upon your Goodness to make these Sentiments known to the Honourable House of Commons.

I take the Liberty to return you, Sir, my belt Acknowledgments for the very polite Manner in which you have been pleased to signify to me the Thanks of the House; and also to allure you, that I feel most fen-sibly the favourable Light in which you are pleased to consider those Events of Service in which I have been concerned fihce the Commencement of the War, but more particularly in the Defeat of the Armament commanded by Monsieur Bompard; as it may have been the Means of preserving Ireland from the calamitous Consequences which Foreign Interference and Invasion might have produced in that Country.

I have the Honour to remain, with the utmost Respedi, Sir,

Your most obedient

humble Servant,

John Borlafe Warren,

Sir,

Canada, Bam Pool, 6 December 1798.

I beg Leave to acknowledge the Receipt of your Letter of the 22d of November, inclosing the Resolution of Thanks of the House of Commons.

Wot. 54.

The Right Honourable Henry Addington, &c. &c. '&c.

The Earl Goiver Sutherland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Vernon, of Hilton Park, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table s Where the same was read; and is as followeth

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Roger Bijhlon, a Surveyor, being examined, said. That the Petitioner is the Proprietor of several valuable Mines of Coal and Ironstone, in the Liberty of Effington, in the Parish of Btfhbury, in the County of Stafford, at a Distance of Three Miles and a Half, or thereabouts, from th ejitaffordjand Worcestershire Canal; that he has surveyed the Line of the Railway proposed to be made from the Colliery of the Petitioner, in the Liberty of Effington aforesaid, to the Staffordshire and Wvrcffiershire Canal, and leading from the said Mines to near where a certain Brook called Latherford Brook, crofies' the Road between Sharejhill and Calf heath, and to be continued near Latherford Brook Side, and communicate with the said Canal near where that Brook runs under the said Canal, in the Liberty of Little Saredon, in the said County; that the making such Railway or Road, with proper Wharfs, and other Conveniences thereto, will be of great Advantage to the Petitioner, and to the Inhabitants of an extensive Tract of Country near to, or communicating with, the said Canal, and be otherwise of general Utility; and that the Petitioner is desirous of making the same at his own Expence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Henry Vernon, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, to make and maintain a Railway or Road from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Effington, in the Parish of

Bushbury,

Effington, &c. Railways Petition, reported.

S'

Scotch Notes Bill, reported.

Income Duty Bill, reported.

Lind Tax,&c, Bill, reported

64

8° Decembris.

A. 1798.

Bushbury, in the County of Stafford, to the Staffordsh'tre A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for

and Worcestershire Canal, in the Liberty of Little Sare- allowing the Act to be varied or repealed by any Act of

don, in the said County) with such Wharfs and other this Session.

Works as shall be deemed expedient for the Use and Convenience thereof: And that the Earl Gower Sutherland and Mr. Tyrwhitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in then ingrossed. the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to

continue, until the Expiration of Thirty Days after Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second " the Commencement of the next Session of Parlia- Reading of the Bill to enlarge the Time limited for " ment, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and

Bill to amend Land Tax Redemption A&, com-

" the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His pre- ' amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

sent Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Thirty-seven, " videlicet, on the Twentieth of July One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, An Act " to continue an Act, made in this present Session of " Parliament, intituled An Act to revive and conti-

intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject to " Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein " stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in " Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven

nue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed " hundred and Ninety-eight," be now read.

" in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, " to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for " a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who " have issued Notes for small Sums of Money in that " Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited Time," was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill toconti-Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be li-

mited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, oforsofMi.

Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question intituled, "An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a litia ReP-

fv./i <4 aa la . 'B'.ll.a A A rA . A AM 17 v.am. . a Ka f A A /'..At Via nitlltl, COOS

put thereupon, agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed. j

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. John Smyth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, bygranting certain Duties upon Income, in Lieu of the said Duties, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

" Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the mitted. " Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this " Kingdom, as may voluntarily offer themselves. to be " employed in Ireland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill further to continue an Act, made in the

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

Bill to conti-

Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- punishment jesty, for the better Prevention and Punishment of At- of Attempts tempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's or Und' 6 Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance Forces, com-to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Dif- nutted obedience, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. i

Resolved, That this House will, tipon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made ' in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, re-

Committee on Acts respecting Neutral Ships, &c.de ferred.

service or rne rear wne thouiana oeven nunarea ana ktj to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchan-N.nety-nme, was committed; the Amendments which dize n Neutral Shi an Act made in the

Committee had made to the Bfll, and which they Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

had directed him to report to the House; and he read «.

report

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in- at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

jesty, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to, and from, The Cape of Good Hope; and also, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Acts.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,

39 Geo. III.

io° Decembris.

Lutue, 10° die;

Anno 39 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798.

Account of Money advanced by the Bank, pro-Sated *

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. AJlett, from the Bank of England, attended at the Door} he

was called in; and) at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money advanced by the Bank of England, for the Public Service, and Outstanding on the 7th of December 1798.

And then he Withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Buigefles, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money advanced by the Bank of , for the Public Service, and Outstanding

on the 7th of December 1798 *

On Land Tax -D°

Malt

D°

Supply Bills

- 1797

- 1798

- 1797

- 1798

- 798

Exchequer Bills without Interest

£ $k d9

- 551,000 — —

- 1,880,000

- 220,000

750,000

3,000,000

6,401,000 ——

- 376 739 — 9

1 6 777 739 — 9

A. , Chief Cashier.

Bank of England,

December 10th, 1798.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Erdham < Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of Three several Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evejhflm, in the County of , and for repairing

and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the said Borough, to The Globe Inn, in in the County of

Warwick, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j^and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Walter Jones being examined, said. That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due and owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road by virtue of the said Act, and great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Road; that the Term of the Act is near expiring, and that the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued.

And the Witness added. That it is the Wish of the Trustees merely to continue the said Act, except so much as directs a"certain Sum to be applied upon the Road between Evesham Bridge and Evesham Pound, and as exempts Writings from the Stamp Duties.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Vot.54.

Continue and amerid an Act) made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the Borough of Evesham> in the County of Worcester, to The Globe Inn, in Alcester, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir John Mordaunt and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Debtors in His Majesty's Gaol in Durham Deb-the County of Durham, was presented to the House, tonPemion and read} Complaining of their Distress, and praying , Relief. _ '

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. AshleJ presented to the House, according to Or- Puriton in-

der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Pur I on, otherwise Puriton, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Manning presented to the House, according to London Order, a Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Se 4. 'p curity of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 18th Day of this Instant December.

A Petition of John Alexander Martin was presented Martin's Nat. to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be i>«tition given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-

S cording

66 10° Deembris. 1798.

cording to the' Prayer of the said Petition: And that same Purposes, namely, the Improvement and Enlarge- Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, ment of the Port and Harbour of Liverpool; and that the fame. the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts require to

be altered, amended, and enlarged, and Power given for Liverpool A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and guarding against Accidents by Fire in Houses, Ware-

Docks, &c. Common Council, of the Borough of Liverpool, in the houses, or other Buildings, contiguous to the Docks, or

ivuuon. County of Lmuafer, m Common Council assembled, in the Avenues leading to or from the same; and that,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, owing to the Negligence or Obstinacy of the Persons.

That, by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the having the Care or Command of Vessels moored in the Reign of Queen Anne, for making a convenient Dock or River of Mersey, which is within the Port of,

Bason at Liverpool, for the Security of all Ships trading and of which Port the Corporation of Liverpool are the

to and from the said Port, Power was given to the Owners, very frequent Obstructions, and other Damages

Mayor, Aldermen, Bail ids, and Common Council, of and Inconveniences arise to Vessels going into and out the said Borough,' to make a Wet Dock or Bason, with of the several Docks of the said Port, and it is therefore other Works, in the Port of Liverpool, for the better necessary that Provision should be made, and Regula-Protection of the Shipping belonging and resorting to' tions established, to prevent the same in future; and the said Port; and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and that, upon the necessary, and sometimes extremely Common Council, and their Successors, were, by the urgent, Occasions of Vessels so moored in the said same Act, appointed Trustees for the keeping in Repair R'ver of calling for the Assistance of Boats and

and managing of such Dock or Bason and other Works; Boatmen, Carpenters, Riggers, Workmen, and La-and for all the said Purposes certain Rates and Duties tourers, such Assistance is very frequently denied to be were laid for a Term of Years upon Ships or Vessels Riven> unless upon most exorbitant and extravagant coining into or going out of the said Port' with any Terms, which Terms the Owners and Mailers of such

Goods or Merchandize; and the said Trustees were em- Vessels have been obliged to comply with, and it is there-

powered to borrow Money, for defraying the Expence foTt necessary, for the Benefit of Commerce, that Power of such Works, upon the Credit of the said Rates and ftouId be given to limit, fix, and ascertain, the reason-Duties; and that such Dock or Bason was accordingly aMe and fair Recompence or Wages they shall have for made; and that, owing to the great progressive Increase rendering of such Assistance: And therefore praying, of the Trade of the said Port from the Time of the mak- That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efl'edting ing of such Dock or Bason, greater Number of Docks ^ie several Purposes, in such Manner, and under being, from Time to Time, wanted for the Security of such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall

Ships and Vessels belonging and resorting to the said ^eem meet *

Port, Acts were passed in the Third Year of the Reign Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of King George the First, the Eleventh Year of the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of shall appear to them, to the House:

His present Majesty, some of them empowering the And it is referred to General Tar let on, Mr. Gascoyne,

Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at the "laid Borough to erect other Docks in the said Port, Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and and all continuing, for various Terms, the Payment of have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, the aforesaid Rates and Duties; and that the Mayor,

Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the said A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Lireijwd Borough, have accordingly made such other Docks; but Common Council, of the 1 own of Liverpool, in the p , that.owing to the dill continuing Increase of the Trade of County of Lane af! er, in Common Council assembled, the said Port, there is not yet sufficient Dock Room for was prefonted to the House, and read; Setting forth, the Reception and Protection of the Ships and Vessels That, for some. Years past, the Commerce of the said belonging and resorting to the same Port, and there is a lown has been progressively and considerably increasing, present Necessity for Two additional Docks and other an<l s likely to continue to do so, and that, in Propor-Works in such Port; and that the great Debt already tion to such Increase of Commerce, its Populoufnels incurred in the making and repairing the aforesaid has also been greatly augmented, and in necessary Con-several Docks, and the further very heavy Expence which sequence a great Number of new Streets have been laid will attend the making of the Two other Docks now lb out, and Buildings have been erected in the said Town, much wanted, render it necessary not only that the and many of the old Streets in the said Town are nai-- aforesaid present Dock Rates and Duties should be in- row, dangerous, and inconvenient, and the Levels of ertafed, but also that they should be continued for a many of such new made Streets are improperly ana ir-Term beyond that limited by the said last mentioned regularly laid out, and no Common Sewers made through Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of llis present Majesty; the lame, and also many Windmills, Limekilns, and and that, by the said Act, passed in the Second Year of other Annoyances, are crected too near the Streets and the Reign of llis present Majesty, the Mayor, Alder- Highways in the said Town; and that the Pavement and men, Bailiffs, and Common Council, Ol the said Borough, Common Sewers of the Streets, Lanes, and Public were, for the Safety and Preservation of Vessels coming Passages and Places, within the said Town, are, in many into and going out of the said Port, empowered to erect Places, kept in bad Repair and Condition, and it would and maintain certain Lighthouses in Situations described be a great Safety and Convenience, not only to the In-by such Act, which has been accordingly done, and habitants, but to all Persons having Occasion to resort certain Duties were made payable by Ships and Vessels thereto, if the said Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages receiving the Benefit of such Lights, and the Manage- and Places, were properly paved, and the said old inent of the same Lights and Duties was vested in the Streets made wider, more safe, and convenient, and the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of Levels of such new made, or hereafter to be made,

Liverpool, and their Successors; and that the Petitioners Streets, properly laid, and Common Sewers made, and conceive that, as the fuel Light Duties are under one tire Nuisances and Annoyances removed, and, for the and the same Direction and Management with the said future, prevented: And therefore praying, That Leave Dock Duties, it would therefore be convenient that the may be given to brin| in a Bill for the better paving laid Light Duties and Dock Duties should no longer and levelling the said Streets, or hereafter to be made remain'd iftindl, but be consolidated into One Fund, in Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages and Places, and for order to defray the joint Expence of the Docks and widening and making more safe and convenient the said Lights, both having been heretofore established for the old Streets.for making Common Sewers, and for removing c" Nuisances

Dr. Bancroft's Petition re-fot&inghis fttent.

39 Geo. III. 16 Decenwris.67

Nuisances and Annoyances, and for preventing the same House for confirming or prolonging the Term of any in future. ' ' Letters Patent, granted by His Majesty to any Peri'on

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the or Persons on Account of any new Invention, Notice Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- of such intended Application shall be inicrted Three mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Times in the London Gazette, and also Three Times in shall appear to them, to the House: One of the Edinburgh Papers, where the Letters Patent

And it is referred to General 'Tarlet on, Mr. Qajcoyne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mormng, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for- Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of Edward Bancroft, of Francis Street, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, and County of Doctor in Physic, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was made for vesting in the Petitioner, his Executors, &c. the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Ufeand Application of certain Vegetables, for dying, staining, printing, or painting, certain valuable Colours throughout that Part of His Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Term of Fourteen Years; and the End of this Act, as dated in the Preamble thereof, was, that the Petitioner might be restored to the foil Benefit of certain Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster, the 23d of October, in the Fifteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and containing His Majesty's Grant to the Petitioner, exclusive iy, of the Benefits of the said Invention, for the like Term of Fourteen Years, of which the Petitioner was, and in the (kid Act is, declared to have been deprived, in consequence of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prohibit all Trade and inter-course with the then united Colonies of America, and of the succeeding War; and that, at the Time of jJafiing this Act, His Majesty, by his other Letters Patent, under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and used in Scotla, indead of the Great Seal thereof, bearing Date at Edinburgh, the 4th Day of June, in the Twenty-fifth Year of His Reign, was pleased to make a like Grant to the Petitioner of the exclusive Benefits of his said Invention within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, during the like Term of Fourteen Years; and that the Vegetables of which the exclusive Use in dying, &c. was granted to the Petitioner by the said Act and Letters Patent, are Two Barks of Trees, which, in the Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, Cap. 49, are denominated Quercitron and Red Mangrove Barks, together with the Bark of the American Hiccory Tree; and that though the Petitioner was thusredored to his original Patent Term of Fourteen Years throughout England and Wales, and though he at the same Time acquired a like originalTerra throughout Scotland, he continued liable to be frudrated of the Benefits graciously intended to be thereby secured to him, in all the Ways, and by all the Impediments, which have operated in the Cafes of other Patentees of new Inventions, whose respective Terms have been prolonged by Parliament, in consequence of their having been so frudrated; and that in Fad the Petitioner has greatly fullered in all these Ways, and by all these Means, as well as in other Ways, and by other Means, connected with the particular Nature and C-ircum-dances of his said Invention, as depending on the Rro-dudions of a didant Foreign Country, liable to be affected and obdruded in coming hither, by Events not capable of materially affecting the Use and Exercise of other Inventions; and that for the various heavy Lodes which the Petitioner has thus fudained, he has no Prospect of obtaining any Relief otherwise than by an Application to Parliament; but, in preparing to make such Applicati >n, he finds himself precluded therefrom, during the present Section, by a Standing Order of the House, made on the 1 ft Day of May last, which requires that, before any Petition be presented to this VOL. 54.

extend to Scotland, in the Months of Augv.fi and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Application is intended to be made; and that this Order, having been so recently made, and never acted upon, did not come to the Knowledge of the Petitioner until the 2d Day of October last, when a Compliance therewith wa s no" longer possible; and that the Petitioner's said restored Term and Patent Term, unless prolonged, will expire in the Month of June next, and therefore his intended Application to Parliament will be too late, if made. after the present Section, and, consequently, the said Standing Order, if it should be rigorously enforced against the Petitioner, iftuft absolutely preclude him from all Possibility of obtaining that Relief which he has otherwise Reason to hope he may be found to have deserved: And therefore praying. That the House, in? Consideration of the Prenmes, and of his otherwise hopeless Situation, will be pleased to allow him to give the proper Notice of his intended Application to Parliament in this present Month of December, or in the Month of January next, or either of them, instead of the Months' of August and September last, or afford him such other Relief as may be found convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it.

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Young, Mr. Burden,

&c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at'

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for put- MT£?te pier ting in Execution an Act, passed in -the Twenty- e seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the Pier of Mar? ,

" gate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent;

" for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering, certain " Duties, in Lieu of the ancient and customary Droits;

" for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier j " for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting,

* and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Highways, an$

" Public Passages, in the Towrn of Margate, and Parish " of Saint John the Baptisi, in the said ille of Thanet;

( for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters,

" and Carmen, within the said Town; "and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances " therein;" was presented to the House, arid read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded so the Execution of the said Act, but find that the Powers granted thereby are not fnIndent to enable them of-teftually to complete the beneficial Purposes thereby intended, and that a considerable Sum of Money is how owing on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, over ar.J above the Sum thereby authorised to be borrowed; which Money lo owing cannot be repaid, nor the several Works, directed by the said Act, supported and maintained, without qn'Iu-crease and Regulation of the- laid Tolls and Duties:

And therefore piaying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the ^Powers of the said Act, so such Manner as to the House shall appear juit and proper. ‘ ‘

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee': And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feame, jis it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wi/JiamGeary, Sir

Knatchbull,&c.: And they are to meet Tc-morrow

Morning,

68 io ° Decembris.A. 1798.

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-' ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Redemption resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Act, deferred, the Bill to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein Hated, the " several Sums of Money now charged in Great " tain, as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twentyfifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-eight," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved,rThzX. this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Mean and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. _

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Addreftfor Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to detained1 ^is Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give under Aa of Directions that there be laid before this House, a List of last Session. the Names of the Persons committed in virtue of an Act,

made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain " such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are con-" spiring against His Person and Government," and of the Prisons in which they have been confined.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

common '; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a the Negpcia^8 Committee of the whole House, to consider further of tion of Pro- the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to roiftory Notes. amencj> an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration " of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next " Session of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth " and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the " one. Chapter Thirty-two, on the Tenth Day of " March j and the other. Chapter Sixty-one, on the " Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited " Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the " Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of " Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange, under a " limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called " England."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Hobarttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

a

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-. Supply, de-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to.ferred-consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingossed, to continue for u ee a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until.

" the Expiration of Thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed " in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and

" Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter.

" One Hundred and Thirty-seven, videlicet, on the " Twentieth of July One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act,

" made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and " amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and " certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, toiffue Notes for Sums under a " certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small " Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom,

" for a limited Time."

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill, now ingrossed, fot continuing and granting Land Tax, to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Ber- p wick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt,

Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to con-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ac«pting or upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an offer ot Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, MihtiaJteAn Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and feed.ts> *

" to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of " such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as " may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in " Ireland;"

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill further Act for to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of punHWnt the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Preven- of Attempts tion and Punishment of Attempts to Reduce Persons o° serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from Forces, their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

Mr.

39 Geo. III.

io

11

Decembris.

69

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on

Mr.Rose took the Chair of the Committee. Horatio Ne/fon Lord Ne/fon, and the Two next Persons

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. to whom the Title of Baron Ne/fon of the Nile, and of

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they Burnham Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, shall descend,

a ««/ v« 1 Vk a U 1 I /I a r\ A -> a m /! m ^^/n a 1 /\r 1^ A A tvi 1 n A f l rtf 1 A A/ 1 tf

had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Moiesworth Lord Viscount Hinching presented to the House,

'Seated8'1'' accorc^'nS to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and ' inclosing, the Open and Common, Fields, Meadow's,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Moiesworth, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same w'as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committee on Acts respect-in" Neutral Ships, &c.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of

in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Horatio Ne/fon to His Majesty and the Public; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com- Petitions for a

mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Canal and Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in I(1°cc0f Vo^t, Common Council AlTembled; and also, the Petition of reported, the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Planters and Merchants interested in, and trading to, His Majesty's Colonies and Settlements in the West Indies, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with (except so far as the same are dispensed with by the Order of the House of the 26th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament); and that the

Committee had examined the Matters of the said Peti-

Merchandize in Neutral Ships; and also, an Act, made tions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re- Majesty, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope; and also, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Acts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Ralph Walker, Esquire, being examined, said. That considerable Disad vantages and Impediments to the Trade of the Port of London, arise from the circui-

it ported *

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That he tous Course of the River Thames round the Isle of Dogs, was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, Shipsand Vessels being sometimes loft orgreatly damaged, when the House wiil please to receive the same. and their Cargoes injured in attempting the Passage

Ordered, That the Report be now received. round it, or detained below it for several Days together,

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Com- waiting for a Change of Wind; which Losses and In mittee. That he was directed by the Committee to conveniences might be avoided, and w'hich Delay move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a would be rendered unnecessary, if a Passage between Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, Blackwall and the Port could be effected without such Three Acts,-passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth circuitous Course as aforesaid: That, from the Increase Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the of the Number and Size of Ships and other Vessels Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral trading to the Port of London, the River Thames, in Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that and near the said Port, is in general so much crowded Purpose, and an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year with Shipping, Lighters, and other Craft, that the Na-of the Reign of His present Majesty, authorizing His vigation of a considerable Part of the said River is Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and thereby rendered tedious and dangerous, and there is Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope. great Want of Room in the said Port for the safe

Sill, ordered.

And Mr. Hobart moved the House accordingly.

and convenient Mooring of Vessels, and constant Ac-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to cess to them: That great Inconveniences are also expe continue, for a further Time to be limited, Three Acts, rienced in the said Port from the Want of Regulations paised in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His concerning the navigating and removing of Vessels in present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Admission of and near the fame, and the Want of a proper Arrange-certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and ment ol Ships and other Vessels in their several Moor-the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, and ings, with respect to their Dimentsions, the Nature of an Act, paised in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign their Cargoes, and their relative Intercourse with the of His present Majesty, authorizing His Majesty to Custom House: That great Delays, Accidents, Da-make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to mages, Losses, and Expences, are almost continually

and from The Cape of Good Hope: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mar thy n° 5

Anno 39® Georgii III'11 Regis, 798-Prayers.

The Lords

have agreed to Lord Nellou's Annuity Bill.

sustained from the last mentioned Causes, to the Hindrance and Discouragement of Commerce, and the great Injury of the Public Revenue: That the said Evils might, in a great Degree, be remedied, if the Corporation were enabled to make and maintain a Navigable Canal, or Passage, sufficient for Ships and other Vessels across the said Isle of Dogs, between Blackwall and Lime-koufe Hole, so as to avoid, when ncceli'ary, the circuitous Course aforesaid, and to purchase the Mooring Chains in the River Thames, from London Bridge to the King's Moorings at Deptford, and to appoint Harbour Mailers to regulate the navigating and mooring of Ships and Vessels in and near the said Port, which Improvements would give Accommodation and Encouragement to

AMES SAGE from the Lords, by Mr . Popham Commerce, and be of great Public Utility: That, by and Mr. Walker: Plans and Surveys lately made, it appears, that such

Mr. Speaker, Cut or Canal may be made, and the Petitioners are wil-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ling and desirous to undertake the making and main-' V o l. 54. T taining

no 110 Decembris. A. 1798.

taining thereof: That he apprehends and believes, if good and luificient Wet Docks and Basons, with proper Cuts, Sluices, and Outlets, were made and established in some Part or Parts of the of Dogs, with Quays, Wharfs, and Warehouses, attached thereto, where necessary, for the Reception and Discharge of Ships and Vessels employed in the West India Trade, the same would be extremely beneficial to the Trade, and advantageous to the general Commerce of the Port of London, by the Room and Accommodation which w'ould necessarily arile from the Removal of the Ships and Vessels employed in the West India Trade out of the River; and that such Removal would also tend greatly to the Increase and Security of the Public Revenue; and that by Plans and Surveys lately- made, it appears, that such Wet Docks, Basons, and other Requisites, may be made and constructed in the Isle of Dogs, which will afford ample and complete Relief and Accommodation to the Port.

Then to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Walker, being further examined, said, That the Want of Accommodation for the Landing and Shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, in the Port of London, has for some Years pafl been experienced by all Persons trading to the said Port, and more especiatly the Persons concerned in the India Trade, by reason of the confined and crowded State of the Legal Quays in or belonging to the said Port: That, from the Nature and Value of the Cargoes imported from the West Indies, the Persons concerned in the West India Trade suffer in a highly aggravated Degree, from the heavy Lollies occasioned by Plunder, and from the Delay and increased Expence arising from the above-mentioned Causes attending the Discharge of the Ships and Vessels employed in that Trade, and the Public Revenue is thereby materially diminished: That if good and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons, with proper Cuts, Sluices, and Outlets, were made and established in some Part or Parts of the Isle of Dogs, with Quays, Wharfs, and Warehouses, attached thereto, w here necessary, for the Reception and Discharge of Ships and other Vessels employed in the India Trade, the same would not only be extremely beneficial to all Persons concerned in the said Trade, but advantageous to the Trade in general frequenting the Port of London, by reason of the Room and Accommodation which would necessarily arise from the Removal of the Ships and Vessels employed in the West India Trade out of the River; that, by Plans and Surveys lately made, it appears, that such Wet Docks, Basons, and other Requisites, may be made and constructed in the Isle of Dogs, and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to make the same at their own Expence: That Application is making to this House by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of for a

Bill to enable them to make and maintain a navigable Cut or Canal; for the fife and convenient Paffige of Ships and other Vessels across the said Isle of Dogs, which^ Cut or Canal will pass very near to the Place proposed for the Scitc of the said intended Wet Docks and Basons, and that the making of the Wet Docks and Canal as above-mentioned will be the Means of affording certain adequate and complete Relief and Accommodation, not only to the West India Trade, but also to all the Rest of the Shipping now or hereafter frequenting the said Port of London, and to the general Trade thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London: And that Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Cu, Mr. Alderman Combe, and

Mr. Alderman Luftiington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Nottingham A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty's Debtors eu- Qaoj for the County of Nottingham, was presented to

the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, anti praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Neutral Ships, Order, a Bill to continue, for a further Time to be &C-Blll»pre-limited. Three Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and eme ' Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and' the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Scotch Note reading of the ingrossed Bill, to continue, for a Time to Bl '»P3 e limited, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration " of Thirty Days after the Commencement of the next " Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Sef-.

" fion of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirtyseventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One " Hundred and Thirty-seven, videlicet, on the Twentieth " of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyleven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in " this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act:

" to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament,

" intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain " Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for final!

" Sums of Money in that Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited Time," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; -

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for limiting the Sum, below which Notes shall not be Ilfued.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which, being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed tp by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; Viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 23. After " continue," to insert " and " amend."

And the said Amendment w'as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend, an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Two,

on the Thirtieth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Thirty Days after " the Commencement of the next Session of Pari iament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of " the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Thirtyseven, videlicet, on the Twentieth of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session " of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, palfed " in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies.

39 Geo. III.

110 Decembris,

71

Mutiny Bill, presented.

" panics, in that Part of Great Britain called " to itfue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, for " a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums of Money, in " that Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited " Time."

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac-

livered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were

read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ratfn^aSum That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ala- by Annuities, jesty, the Sum of Three Millions be raised by Annuities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Termsfomifc mittee, That every Contributor to the said Sum of ' the Ume' Three Millions, flan!!, for every One Hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of £.ico in Annuities, after the Rate of

Cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and ium> to commence from the 5 th Day-of January 1799

Bill to continue Act for Punishment of Attempts to seduce Sea or Land Forces, reported.

D efertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to l'educe Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolfed.

and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £.3 per Centum Annuities conl'olidated by the

Acts of the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, at {jie same Time, and in the same Manner, and iubjcdl to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferable there: That every Contributor shall likewise be entitled to the further Principal Sum of £.87. 9 in Annuities, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum, to commence from the 10th Day of October 1798, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum, which were reduced from £.4. to £. 3 per Centum per Annum, by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and Iubjcdl to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £.3 per Centum reduced Annuities, arc payable and transferable there: That the several Annuities after the Rate of £.3 per Centum, and £.3 per Centum, l'o to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Conl'olidated Fund:

Bin respecting the Negotiation of Pro-miflbry Notes, reported.

That every Contributor shall, on or before the 14th Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Day of t]^ Instant December, make a Deposit of £.10

Report Ways and Means.

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session " of Parliament Two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty- seventh Years of His present Majesty, the one,

" Chapter Thirty-two, on the Tenth Day of and

44 the other, Chapter Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth " Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and " Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rellraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, 44 within that Part of Great Britain called England," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

per Centum, on such Sum as he or flic shall chule to subscribe towards raising the said Sum ol Three Millions, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say;

£. 30 per Centum on or before the 2ad Day of January next;

£. 30 per Centum on or before the 8th Day of February next: And,

£. 30 per Centum on or before the 22d Day of February next:

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Englanf, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied from Time to Time to such Services as shall then have -been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do pre» pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion That it is the Duty of His Majesty's Ministers to advile His Majesty, in the present Crilis, against. entering into 1 iie|. Engagements which may prevent or impede a Negotiation for Peace, whenever a Disposition shall be fticwn.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the on the Part of the French Republic, to treat on Terms Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which consistent with the Security and Interests of the British the Committee had directed him to report to the Empire;

House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards de- It passed in the Negative.

Vol. 54. Thq

11° — 12° Decembris. A. 1798.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, accept in <7 of- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fers of Militia upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an ddc'irejntS' Act, ma(^e in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and " to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom, " as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in

" Ireland." ,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurity i 2 die Decembris;

Anno 39° Georgii 3'" Regis, 1798. Prayers.

BiT resent- 1\ /T^' 7°^ Pre^ cnt€C^ to House, according ed' 'P 1 IVl to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Lawrence Cries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition to 'Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of ported. the Oxford Canal Navigation, was/ referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation, nor to raise any further Sum of Money by Tolls or Duties for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the" Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts passed in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, were read: And,

Mr. James Dunsford, Clerk to the said Company, being examined, laid. That the said Company have, long since, made and completed the said Canal, near to a certain Place within the City of Oxford, called Bad-cock's Garden, where it is proposed the said Canal shall terminate: And the Witness added. That Doubts have arilen, whether the said Company were authorized by the said Acts to carry the said Canal beyond the Boundaries of the said City; and that it has been found that the said Acts are, in feme Respects, defective; and that further Powers are wanted to enable the said Company more effectu.illy to support and maintain the said Navigation; and also, that it would be of Advantage to the said Company, and to the Public, if such Doubts were obviated, and if the said Acts were explained and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His pre-. ' sent Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford: And that Mr. John Fane and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

London Port Bill, presented.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bid lor rendering more coramo-

dious, and for better regulating, the Port of London:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant December.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to indemnity Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omit- preieat-, ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and tile Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Return of the General and Staff Officers now serv- RetumofGe-ing within Great Britain, distinguishing the Ranks of 0^""d Staeff the different Officers, specifying the Divisions of the rented?' pC" Kingdom where they are now serving, and shewing the Amount of Pay received by each Officer.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Blllrcrp<-aing Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to continue, for a the Negotia-Time to be limited, and to amend, an Act, made in the „??0°y last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to con- passed.

" tinue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the " Commencement of the next Session of Parliament,

" Two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament " holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the one, Chapter Thirty-two,

" on the Tenth Day of March, and tl\e other. Chapter " Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth Day of May One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth " Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and " Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that " Part of Great Britain called Englandbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue until the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Seven, on the Second Day of December One thousand Seven. hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the " Commencement of the next Session of Parliament,

" Two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament " holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years " of His present Majesty, the one. Chapter Thirty-

" two,

Mutiny Bill, committed.

ill for Tailing a Sum by Annuities, pre-fcnted-

Bill to amend Land Tax Re-demprionAft, deferred.

Committee on Bill to continue Act for accepting- Offers of Militia Regiments.

Bill to continue Act for Punishment of Attemots to seduce Sea or Land Forces, paired.

39 Ge6. III. i2° — 130 Decembrih 73;

" two, on the Tenth Day of March, and the other, And the said Order being read accordingly;

" Chapter Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth Day of May The said Bill was read the Third Time.

" One thousand Seven hundred and Niriety-l'eveh, for Resolved,. That the pill do pass: And that the Title: " suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of be. An Act further to continue, until the Expiration of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Sef-

" Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- (ion of Parliament, an Act, passed ill the Selfiori of Par-

" draining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and liament holden in the Thirty-sixth arid Thirty-seventh

" Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy,

" Part of Great Britain called ' England and also to licet, on the Sixth Day of June One thousand Seven amend the said Act:, and further to continue the same hundred and Niriety-seven, for the better Prevention until the Fird Day of May One thousand Seven hun- and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Perfrins, serv-dred and Ninety-nine. ing in His Majesty's Forces; by Sea or Land, from their

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce Bird do carry the Bill Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty; or to incite thenl to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. to Mutiny or Disobe'dience.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters,

was read a Second Time. A Bill to continue, so r a further Titne to be limited,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Three Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Years oT His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the of the whole House. Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neu-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, tral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Purpose; and an A dir, passed in the Thirty-feverith the said Bill. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, authorizing

His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to arid Commerce to arid from The Cape of Good was Order, a Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions by read a Second. Time.

Way. of Annuities: And the same was received; and Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

read the Fird Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Coriimit-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. tee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time r That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

Tomorrow Morning. & resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon tl\e said Bill. '

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon The other Orders of the Day being read j

the Bill to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemp- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Monition of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, House, to consider further of Ways and Means for " An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemp- railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

* iion and Purchase, in the Manner therein dated, the Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Momseveral Sums of Money now charged in Great Britaining next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole " as a Land Tax for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His " Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Majesty.

" Ninety-eight."

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ing, resolve itself into the said Committee. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and 4f to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of " -such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom, as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in " Ireland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tormorrow Morning. 1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) further to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience, be now read.

Vox.. 54.

Jovts, 130 die Decembris', Anno 39° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798. Prayers.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Evefkam Bridge, in the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, to The Globe Inn, in in

the County of Warwick: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Adolphus Kent was presented to the House, and read j Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given' to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Everett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Everard Heyman was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

U Ordered,

Neutral Ships, &c. Bi)l, committed.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply deferred.

Evelham Roads Bill, presented.

Kent^s Nat^ Petition.

Heymrtn's Nat. Petition.

Effirigton, ire. Railway Bill, presented.

Merioneth Pebtors Petition.

Accounts of

the Value of Exports to be

pointed.

Bill forraifing a Sum by Annuities, committed.

Indemnity Bill, committed.

Bill to continue Act for accepting Offers of Militia Regiments, reported.

74 1 Decembris. A. 1798.;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Everett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Thd Earl Gower Sutherland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Henry , Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, to make and maintain a. Railway or Road from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of EJJington, in the Parish of , in the County of Stafford, to the Staffordfftire and i shire Canal, in the Liberty of Little Saredon, in the said County, with such Wharfs and other Works as shall be deemed expedient for the Use and Convenience thereof: Arid the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the County Gaol of Merioneth, North Wales, was presented to the House, and read; Gorhplaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts, which were presented to the House, upon the( 4th Day of this Instant December, by Mr. Irving, Inipedfcor General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain, and the British Colonies, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Way of Anhufities, be' now reald.

Arid the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to'indemnity Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidayits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the lame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Ex-6

" tent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may' Voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report (o the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irigrolfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said‘Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein dated, the several Sums' " of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land " Tax, for One Year, from' the Twenty-fifth Day of " March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety " eight."

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Mr. Hpbart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

- Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and l^e read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tha Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Re port was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upen Monday Morhing next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fifficries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And- a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ryder, Mr. Burrow, Mr. Sargent, Mi. William Dundas, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Lord

Frederick Campbell, Mr. Ferguson, Mr. Buxton, the Lord Muncaster, Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Jodrell, Mr. Bur-don, Mr. Brodie, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Frederick Stuart, Mr. John Fane, Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart, Mr. Baker, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr. Wilbraham

Bootle, Mr. Heron, Mr. Blackburne of and all

the Members who serve for the Counties at Northumberland, Durham, York, Lincoln, Essex, Kent, Sussex, Hants, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Flint, Denbigh., Chester,

Mutiny Bill, deferred.

Committee on Bill to amend Land Tan Redempti0&

Aa.

reported.

Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the Herrirg Fishtnes.

JtcpoTt of last Session, referred.

Committee on

Neutral Ships, kc. Bill.

Return of

General and Staff Officers to be printed.

Heyntm's Nat. Bill, presented.

Petition from the Corporation of linden against JLcndon D^ks,&c. Bill.

39 Geo. iiL 13" — 14 Decembrisi 73

IVefmorlandand Cumberland, and for North Britain, and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records:

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 27th Day of June,-in the last Session of Parliament, was made

from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the moll effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, be referred to the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, Three Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, and an Act. passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Tierney have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Return of the General and Staff Officers now serving within Great Britain, distinguishing the Ranks of the different Officers, specifying the Divisions of the Kingdom where they are now serving, and shewing the Amount of Pay. received by each Officer, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vznerisy 140 die Decembris;

Anno 39 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Everard Hey-vian: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Gity of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Vol. 54.

Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue; within tfift Port of London; and Setting forth That the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, by virtue? of, and under divers Charters, recognized and confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament have had and exercised, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and Contervator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by tho Mayor of the f ame City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about, the Water of 2(that is., to say) from the Bridge of the Town of , in the County of Middlesex, towards the East unto London. Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place called Kendall, otherwise Tenia nd, otherwise Tenleet, towards the Sea, and East, and in Medway, and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon whatsoever Bank, and upon every Shore, and upon every Wharf, of the same Water of Thames, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and about, all and every of them, and also, for all the Time aforesaid, heldJurisdiction over the fame, and have had and taken, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and take, to their own proper Use, by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or his sufficient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits, belonging to the same Office of - Bailiff; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners would be invaded, and the Trade and Commerce of the said Port of London, where it has flourished for a. great Length of Time, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the City of London and the Kingdom ir\ general, would, in a very material Degree, be removed to a new Scite, out of the Controul and SupCrintend-ance, as well as out of the Care and Protection, of the Petitioners; and that such Removal would not only be a Violation of the ancient Customs and.Privileges of the Petitioners, but also be productive of the most ruinous and distressing Consequences to divers incorporated Societies and Companies, as well as to great Numbers of Individuals, the Value of whose Property, or the Profits of whose Labour and Industry, in a great Measure, depend on the Trade and Commerce of the City and Port of London being continued to be carried on within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the said City; And that the Petitioners, and their Predecefi'ors, ever careful of the Rights and Welfare of their Fellow Citizens, and anxious to accommodate, promote, and in crease, the Trade and Commerce of the City of London, have from Time to Time devised, and offered to execute, Plans conducive to those Ends; and actuated by these Motives, as well as in consequence of divers Applications made to them in that respect, Plans have been fqrmed for increasing the Accommodation, and so) the more effectually securing the Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, of the Port of London, which, by the Aid and Authority of Parliament, they have Reason to Believe may be carried into Execution, without the Necessity of creating a new Corporation, or other expensive Establishment, without futh an Extent of Injury or Inconvenience to Individuals as the said Bill must nc-ceffarily produce, and without unnccefl'ariiy infringing on the ancient Rights and Privileges of the City of London, or burthening the Trade of the said Port in the Manner and to the Extent propefed by the said Bill; and the Petitioners pledge themselves such Plans will be brought forward, and, if duly encouraged and fanCtioned by the Legislature, carried into Execution; and that, as by carrying such a Plan into Execution, the Public at large would derive such Benefit and Accommodation, as the Commerce of London at present most urgently requires, at a moderate Expence, and perfectly confident with she Safety of its Shipping, and the Security of the Revenue; and as the Petitioners would not thereby take, or do they mean to take, any Emolument or Advantage to themselves, they rely on the Justice

76 i± Decembris A. 1708.

Justice of the House that no new Corporation shall be established as proposed by the said Bill: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by tjreir Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

BiH t re, at' Mr, John Pitt presented to the House, according to

rented." Order, a Bill for naturalizing Adolphus Kent: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

witke's Nat. A Petition of Christian. John Adam IVitke was prevention. fented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave fnay be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Aer^Nafc A Petition of John Roger was presented

petition. to the House, and read; Praying,' That Leave may be given to bring ifi a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring ins the fame.

Godfrey Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Committee,

reported.11, to w'10m the Bill to enable Thomas Ju/l, of Ash, next Sandwich, in the County of , Esquire, and his Issue, to afliime and take the Surname of Godfrey only, and to bear the Arms and Crests of the , pursuant to the Directions contained in a Codicil to the Will of Thomas Godfrey, late of London, Merchant, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Nuffield, Wal- Mr. George Vansittart reported from the Committee, lm^i of, and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Ro"ds^eti- Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for tion, reported, executing Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, and the other in the Fifth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North-cast Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of v Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Wantage, to Farringdon, in the/ County of Berks, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with, and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and Ife read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

\To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Hedges, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the

Credit of the Tolls thereby grahtbd, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads completely amended; turned, altered, and kept in Repair, unless the'i'erm of . the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the county of -.Oxford, through Wallingford, and Wantage, to Farring-do.:, in -the County of Berks: And that Mr. George Vansittart, Sir Francis Sykes, and Mr. John Fane, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir William Young reported from the Committee, to Dr. Bancroft whom the Petition of Edward Bancroft, of Francis Street, re"

in the Parish of Saint Paiuras, and County of Middlesex, Doctor in Physic, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Order of the House, of the lft Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, relative to Applications for Bills for confirming or prolonging the Term of Letters Patent, had not been complied with, the Petitioner not having been apprized of the Existence of such an Order until af rthe Time limited for giving the Notices; and that it appeared to the Committee that the Ad and Patent, granting to Doctor Bancroft the exclusive Use of his Invention, will expire in the Month of June next; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables, for dying, staining, printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of His Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time, was read: And the Specification of the said Invention, duly inrolledin His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, as required by the said Act, was also produced to your Committee, and read: Then Letters Patent, under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, dated at Edinburgh, the 4th Day of June 1785, granting to the Petitioner the exclusive Benefits of his feid Invention for the Term of Fourteen Years; and also the Specification of the said Letters Patent, dated the 22nd of September 1785, were also produced to your Committee, and read:

And,

Mr. Charles Davids, a Cailico Printer, being examined, feid, That lie has uled the Quercitron Dye, invented by the Petitioner, for several Years: That it dyes Yellow and other Colours, and is of general Importance to the Cotton Trade: That in his own Practice he can get Goods ready in One Week with such Dye, which lie could not do in a Month with any other Dye: That he considers its Reputation as yearly increasing with the Use ol it: That there is a Variety of Work and Colours, which could not be any Way accom-plished without the Aid of the Dye extra died from the Quercitron Bark, by the Petitioner: And the Witness further feid. That the Cailico Printers have not yet obtained the full Use and Value of the said Dye; and from his own Experience, he is of Opinion, that it may turn out cf great Advantage in working of Manufactures X yet

by

39 Geo. III. . 14 Decembris. 77

yet untried, as well as in mixing with, and improving, intended to be made, until the Time limited for giving

other useful Drugs; that at first it was not generally used and received by the Trade; that its Progress has been flow and gradual; and, at its early Introduction, he did not think, it of great Profit to the Introducer of it. Then,

Mr. Thomas Smith, Solicitor to the Petitioner, being examined, laid, That he had inspected the Papers, in a Suit, brought by Doctor. Ba against Warder and Dearman; and it appeared by the Proceedings in the said Suit, that the Defendants had imported, and fold, various Parcels of the Quercitron Bark, to a considerable Amount, to the Prejudice and Invasion of the Petitioner's Patent.

Then a Letter from Mr. James an eminent

Broker at Liverpool, to the Petitioner, dated the 14th of October 1785, was produced to your Committee; by which it appeared, that several Quantities of Oak Bark had been imported at Liverpool from , at different

Times, and consigned to the said Mr. An)Jell, and afterwards forwarded to Messrs. Peel, Tates, and Co. of Manchester: And,

Mr. Robert Waugh being examined, said, That he knows of various other clandestine Importations, which have taken place to the Prejudice of the Petitioner's Rights and Privileges under the Act of Parliament and Patent: That, to the Witness's own Knowledge, the Expence as well of Purchase as of Freightage, and other Charges, have, from the Year 1792, very considerably increased; and having the keeping of the Petitioner's Accounts, he can likewise aver, that the Petitioner has not raised the Price of the Articles imported under his Patent, during the same Period, by which the Witness estimatcs, that the Petitioner has loft a just Profit of between Six and Seven Thousand Pounds, whilst, at the same Time, other Lofi'es have been occasioned by Capture; and, generally, from the State of War, great Charges, Delays, and Difficulties, have attended the procuring the Articles in Question.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered,' That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be giverr Three Times in The London Gazette, and all'o Three Times in One of the Edinburgh Newspapers, in the present Month of December, and in the Month of January next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purpose mentioned in the said Petition.

t

Pnntonln- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open cwmmtttd' anc Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puritan, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ashley,

Sir John Mor Jaunt, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Warwick A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

tion!0" etl" thereunto subscribed, being Debtors, and Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol or Prison of and for the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Liverpool . General Tarleton reported from the Committee, to Pttitkm^re- whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, ported. ' and Common Council, of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of LancrJ.cr, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with, the Application for paving the said Town not having been VOL..54.

the Notices required by the said Orders was elapled; but it appeared, that the proposed Improvement will be attended with very great Advantages to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and particularly so as it will render the Approaches to the Docks and Quays which are already made, and to the additional Works for which an Application is now making to Parliament, more safe and commodious for the Trade and Cv. — 'nerce of the said Town; and that the Committee had CAamined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's "Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Henry Brown, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Commerce of the said Town has for some Years past progressively and considerably increased, and is likely so to do, and in Proportion to such Increase its Populousness ' has been greatly augmented, and in consequence thereof a great many new made Streets have been laid out, and Buildings have been erc<Tted, and many of the old Streets in the said Town are narrow, dangerous, and inconvenient, and the Levels of many of such new made Streets arc improperly and irregularly laid out, and no common Sewers made through the same; and also, many Windmills, Limekilns, and other Annoyances, are erected too near the Streets and Highways in the said Town: And the Witness further laid. That the Pavement and Common Sewers of the Streets, Lanes, and Public Parfages, within the said Town, are, in many Places, kept in bad Repair, and it would be a great Safety and Convenience not only to the Inhabitants, but to all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets , and Public Pali'ages were properly paved, and the said old Streets made wider, more safe, and convenient, and the Levels of fuels new made, or hereafter to be made.

Streets, properly laid out, and common Sewers made, and the Nuisances and Annoyances removed, and prevented.

Ordered, That the said, Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the petition of the

Staffordshire and WorcejicrshireCanal Navigation, was Staitordfture

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the terililreOariai Bill to enable Henry Lemon, Esquire, his ILirs and Company Assigns, to make and maintain a Railway or Road from. I'-"111'1

t5. ' , ,. , . fington Rail-

certain Coal Mines in the Liberty ot in the way, Rill.

Parish of Bushbury ,in the County of Stafford, to the Staffordshire and WorceJIershireCanal, in the Liberty of

Little Saredon, in the said County, with such Wharfs and other Works as shall be deemed expedient for the Ule and Convenience thereof; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made and completed the said Staffordshire and WorceJIershire Canal Navigation at a very great Expence, and that the Inhabitants of the Country adjacent, and lying near thereto, and also the Public at large, have received very great Benefit and Accommodation therefrom; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law', such Railway or Road will very materially prejudice the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners, by depriving them of a considerable Part of the Tonnage Rates, which they are now empowered to receive, and would also, in many other Respeits, be very detrimental to them: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the '

Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, a sum by An"

X upon nuitits.

78

14° — 17 D.

A, 1798.

upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Way of Annuities, be now reach

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon A Morning next.

Bill to conti- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third accepting°of- Riding of the Bill (now ingrossed to continue, for a fers of Militia Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited,

" to accept the Services' of l'uch Parts of His Militia " " Forces in this Kingdom, as may voluntarily offer " themselves to be employed in Ireland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of One Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Sixty-six, videlicet, on the Twenty-first Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, intituled, "An Act for empowering His Majesty, " for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept " the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in " this Kingdom, as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will,-upon Monday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Supply, defer *

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole red-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ?eut"|]S the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a '

further Time to be limited, Three Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, and an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, authorizing 'His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Luries, 17 die Decembris;

Anno 390 Georgii ITF1 Regis, 1798.

Report on Income Dufy Bill, further con littered.

Bill, rc-com-fiiitted.

Couriered.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in Lieu of the said Duties, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The House divided.

TheN oes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Hawk<fiury>\ . 0 -

leuers for the leas, |Mr S l 5-

T Mr. Michael

Tellers for the Noes, ,> 17.

|_Mr. Smith: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Pr A

YERS.

/CHARLES Fredrick Hennings, took the Oaths ap- Hennings pointed, in order to his Naturalization. lworn‘

The Lords have agreed to

Malt BilL

Land Tax Scu Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in,

Wales, and the Town of Berwick nponTweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act further to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy, videlicet, on the Sixth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-leven, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to leduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Dilobe-dience; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to witke'sNat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Chrifian John ?1,i'^re‘

TTr., , lfcillCUi

Wilke-,

Bill to con-.

tiitue Act for Punishment of Attempts to seduce Sea or Land Forces.

39 Geo. III. 170 Decembris. 79

Witke: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tofdiema- Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to

Bin patent- Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Roger

cd. ' And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

B'Efcury's A Petition of Simeon Jacob Charles Collot , was

at. Petition. presentecj to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that . Mr. John Pitt and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

Royal Assent A Message by Sir Francis , Gentleman Uftier

to liu- Of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, H is Royal Highnets the Duke of fork, His Royal Highness the Duke of , His Royal Highness the

Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: W hich Bills are as followeth;

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Muni, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred anc! Ninety-nine:

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of- the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine:

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Horatio Nefon Lord and the Two next

Persons to whom the Titie of Baron Ne/fon of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk, shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Service performed by the said Horatio Ne/fon Lord to His Majesty, and the Public n

An Act further to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament hoklen in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy, videlicet, on the Sixth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Torces, by Sea or Land, from their Duly and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

UenningsNat. A Bill for naturalizing Charles Fredrick Hennings, was js.ii, commit- read a Second Time.

VOL. 54.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt,

Sir Charles Banbury,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's'

Chamber.

A Bill to continue and amend' an Act, made in the Evesham Eighteenth Year of the Reign Of His present Majesty, for repairing and Widening the Road from Bridge, in the Borough of Evefiam, in the County of Worcester, to The Globe Inn, in Alcester, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Mordaunt,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill'for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Molesworth and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, committed.'11 and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Molesworth, in the County of Huntingdon,'was read a "Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt,

Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom shropham Ini the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole cloture Bill, Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack rei>orte *

Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Shropham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed;

That the Commitee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land rated to the Poors Rate at the Sum of £.164. 16 per.

Annum; and that the Whole of the Lands, intended by the Bill to be divided and inclosed, is rated to the Poors Rate at the Sum of £. 1,575 per Annum, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to CaftelUin's. Order, a Bill for naturalizing- Aiigufus Nrat^®‘|.j

Maria Cafellain: And the same was received; and pre c read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Efljngton Reading of the Bill, to enable H Vernon, Esquire, ®eaf rred.B' his Heirs and Assigns, to make and maintain a Railway or Road from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of EJfington, in the Parish of Bufbury, in the County of Stafford, to the Staffer Jftire and W Canal, in the Liberty of Little Saredon, in the said County, with such Wharfs and other Works as shall be deemed expedient for the Use and Convenience thereof.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Fridav, the ill Day of February next.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Counsel, os-Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and II'or- ,lcax1' cefershireCanal Navigation, which was pre'ented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

° ° And

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, reported.

Report on

Bill to amend Land Tax Redemption A ft, further considered *

8o 170 Decemhris. A. 1798.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit,

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Way of Annuities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place $ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, " subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, from " the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-eight," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing the Sale of Reversionary Estates, by Ecclesiastical Bodies.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for restraining the Sales to the Lessees.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the1 Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Application of the Monies arising by Sales.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that the Land Tax redeemed shall be payable as a Rent Charge, and recoverable as such.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, providing that, in case of Sale, the Purchaser may pay by Instalments.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, that where the Purchase Money shall not exceed a certain Sum, the same may be paid to the Receiver General.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which, being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that Interest shall be paid, where the Money is paid by Instalments, in the same Manner as upon Transfer of Stock.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Sale of Copyhold Estates.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that Fines shall not be paid in Cafes of mortgaging, or otherwise charging Premitfes, for the Purposes of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that Registry of Deeds shall be as valid as Inrolment.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that the Office of a Commissioner, shall not be deemed a Place of Profit under His Majesty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in Lieu of the said Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Jf£ DmJas.

Tellers for the Noes,^-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. '

And

I 116

s.

Committee on re-committed Income Duty Bill.

Indemnity . Bill, deterred#

Ways and Means, deferred#

Supply, deferred.

Neutral Ship! c. Bill, deferred.

House adjourned.

39 Geo III. i70 — 18° — 190 o 1

And the House having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock on TuesdayMorning; .

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve ifc^ 19° }

self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

further of the said Bill. Anno 39 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1798 *

The other Orders of the Day being read; p;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the TJERM Augufus fook Caftdlain, Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qua- the Oaths appointed, in order to his Natura- won ‘ lify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to in- lizatiom demnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have.

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Bill to amend within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering A prc. Time limited For those Purposes; to indemnify Members tnore effectual, several Acts, passed in the Ninth, rented, and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and BoroughTow'ns, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth \ears of whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped ac- the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and cording to Law, or, having been stamped, have been maintaining a Navigable Canal, front the Coventry loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford: And the Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as same was receivedj and read the First Tune.

have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Exe- Refol, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

cution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time dire died by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose.

Resolved, That this House will, To-ffiorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning; relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His. Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, Three Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, and an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, was committed, be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock,

Mar its, 1Z6 die Dedembris

Anno 39 Georgii IIIU‘ Regis, 1796.

PtAYERSi

THE House met, and being Counted by Mt1.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vo 1. 54;

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Henning whom the Bill for naturalizing Charles Fredrick Hen-nings, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee haddiredled him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to D'Efcury Order, a Bill for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Collot plated. D'Efcury: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Marindm' Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Philip: Nat. Bill,

And the same was received; and read the First pic eiiu *

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House; according to Wicke's Natd Order, a Bill for naturalizing Johann George Wicke:

And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Martin' Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Alexander Martin: Rented.

And the same was received; and read the First

Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Cuvelje'stair. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Abraham Zimon Doncker ^‘J1, present-Cuvelje t And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill Le read a Second Time,

A Petition of the Right honourable John Lord - Berrington,

wick, of Northwick Park, in the County of Worcester, pctidonl°1, U and the humble Petition of Gerard Noel Noel, Esquire,

Lord of the Manor and Soil within the Hamlets or Tythings of Berrington, Broad Campden, and IVefington, in the Parish of Chipping Campden, in the County of

Gloucester, and Impropriator of the Tythes within the said Hamlets or Tythings, and of the several other Freeholders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed for and on Behalf of themselves and others, Freeholders, interested in the Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Downs, and Waste Lands, within the said Hamlets or Tythings, was presented to the House, and read; Set ting forth, That there are, within the several Hamlets or Tythings of Berrington, Broad Campden, and IVef ington,

Y in

Additional Petition for Rochester Theatre.

Shropham

Inclosure Bill, paised *

Godfrey Kane Bill, passed.

Petition to confirm an Agreement for Nether Seal Inclosure.

8 2 190 Decembris. 1798.

in the Parish of Chipping C,in the County of Gloucester, very large and extensive Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Downs, and Commonable and Waste. Lands, which, in their present State, admit . of very little Improvement; and that, if the same were divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested therein respectively, great Advantages would arise to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Downs, and Commonable and Waste Lands, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Proportions, with such Provisoes, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and the Marquis of do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed. Inhabitants of the City of

ter, and its Environs, in the -County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a licensed Theatre in the City of Rochester is much wanted, and would be a great Convenience to the said City and its Environs, and the Petitioners are delirous that a Theatre within the said City should be established, subject to all the Regulations which any Theatre in Great Britain is subject to; and that Sarah Baker, Widow, hath, at a considerable Expence, erected a -Theatre for the Performance of Plays, Interludes, &c. and, in Consideration of the good Character of the said Sarah Baker, and the Charges Ihe hath been put to in building the said Theatre, the Petitioners pray, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the said.City.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of SJtropham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pslfs: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, Within the Parish of Shropham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable 'Thomas full, of Ash next Sandwich, in the County of Kent, Esquire, and his Issue, to assume and take the Surname of Godfrey only, and to bear the Arms and Crests of the Godfreys, pursuant to the Directions contained in a Codicil to the Will of Thomas Godfrey, latex of London, Merchant, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Thomas full, of Ash next Sandwich, in the County of Kent, Esquire, and his IfiTue, to assume and take the Surname of Godfrey only, and to bear the Arms and Crests of the Godfreys, pursuant to the Directions contained in a Codicil to the Will of Thomas Godfrey, late of London, Merchant, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Manors or Lordships of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the ad

Day of July 1755, and made between John Esquire, and William Inge, Clerk, of the First Part;

Isaac Hawkins, Esquire, of the Second Part; Godfrey Clarke, Esquire, and John Cave Browne, Esquire, who, together with the said William Inge, as Rector of Nether Seal, for the Time being, are therein mentioned to be Trustees for an Hospital in Nether Seal aforesaid, of the Third Part; the Chaplains afyd Poor of the Hospital of William Wigfton, in the Town of Leicester, of the Fourth Part; and the Right honourable Francis Earl of Huntingdon, William Hawkins, Esquire, Thomas Jervis, Esquire, John Farue/l, Gentleman, Richard Inge, Gen-

tleman, and the several and respective other Persons, whole Hands and Seals are thereunto subscribed and set, therein described to be Freeholders and Landholders within the Lordships or Liberties of Nether Seal and Over Seal aforesaid, of the Fifth Part: After reciting that there were, within the Manors or Lord-ships of Nether Seal and Over Seal aforesaid, or One of them, certain Open and Common Fields, and Pastures, confiding of a large Quantity of Arable Land, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, ard that the Arable Lands and Meadow Grounds, of the several Land Owners or Proprietors in -the said Open Fields, lay so confused and intermixed that an Inclosure would be very advantageous to the Parties, it was agreed between all the said Parties, that? the said Open and Common Fields and Pastures should be surveyed, admeasured, divided, and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof set out, ascertained, and allotted, unto and amongst the several Persons entitled and interested therein, in Proportion to their several and respective I nterefts, Common and other Property, in the said Open and Common Fields and Pastures, Quantity, Quality, and Conveniency considered, and with such public and private Ways and Roads through and over the fame, and with, under, and subject to such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Provisions, with regard to the Fencing of the several Allot ments and other Matters relating to the said Division and Inclosure, as are particularly mentioned in the said Articles of Agreement, and as the Commissioners or Referees, thereby appointed, should think fit and agree upon, and should set out, allot, and appoint, by their Award in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, on or before the ift Day of August 1756; and that the said Commissioners did make their Award in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, dated the 23d Day of July 175,6, and did thereby set out the several public and private Ways and Roads, and make the several Allotments, Divisions, Exchanges, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Provisions, in the said Award mentioned; and that the said Division, Exchanges, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Provisions, were complied with, and carried into Effect, and the several Allotments entered upon and possessed by the Parties to the said Agreement, and the same have ever since been held and enjoyed by them, or their respective legal Representatives, pursuant to the said Award; and that numerous Sales of the Lands, so allotted, have been made, at various Times, since the said Inclosure took place, without any Objection to the Title being made by any of the Purchasers until the present Year 1798; but that some of the Petitioners, who are Trustees for the Children of Philip Jervis, late of Nether Seal aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, have now lately contracted to fell a principal Part of the Estate late of the said Philip Jervis, deceased, situate in Nether Seal aforesaid, and that the Purchaser hath objected to the Title of the Petitioners, the Trustees, and is unwilling to complete the Purchase unless the said Division, Inclosure, Exchanges, and Award, are confirmed and established by Act of Parliament; and that the said Trustees, and the other Petitioners, are desirous to have the said Division, Inclosure, Exchanges, and Award, confirmed and established by Act of Parliament, but, as the said Objection was made subsequent to the Month of September

lvelchester

Debtors

Petition.

Mr. Coutts's Petition.

Petition from the Shadwell Water Works Company

London Docks, 4c. Bill.

39 Geo. III. 19° Decembris. 83

last, the Petitioners were unable to give the Notices, required by the Standing Orders of the House, in Cafes of original Inclosure Bills, and have been but lately apprized that a Bill of this Nature is within such Standing Orders: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said Division, Inclosure, Exchanges, and Award, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet, and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty to give the usual Notices in the Month of January next.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, Nix. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's Gaol of lvelchej, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their, Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Thomas Coutts, of the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, Banker, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is possessed of, and entitled to, an House and Offices in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, in which he has for many Years carried on the Business of a Banker, the back Part of which Premisses abut and are situate on the North Side of William Street, A del phi, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the Liberty of and County of Middlesex-, and that the Petitioner is also possessed of, and entitled to, certain Offices and Buildings, the Front of which abut and are situate on the South Side of William Street aforesaid, opposite the back Part of the Buildings and Premisses first-men tientd; and that the Petitioner is desirous of making a Communication to be built over William Street aforesaid, from his said Buildings on the North Side to those on the South Side of the said Street; and that William Street aforesaid, over which the Arch is intended to be built, is a very small, narrow, retired Street, and the said Arch is intended to be built in such a Manner as not to obstruct or be any Inconvenience to the Paflagcof the said Street, either to Passengers or Carriages of any Description; and that the Petitioner has cauled Notice to be given to the Vdftry of the said Parllh, and also to the Commissioners for Paving, of his Intention to apply for an Act for the Purpose aforesaid, and also to the Inhabitants of William Street aforesaid, and the Vicinity thereof: And, inasmuch as the said Arch is necessary for the Purpose of enabling the Petitioner to carry on his said Business, and will not be any Prejudice to the Public, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling him to build the said Arch, and perfect the Communication aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. M Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Governors and Company of the Waterworks and Water Houses in Shadwell, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the Proprietors of certain Water Works and Water Houses, established in the Parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, which Works have been carried on under the Authority Voi. 54.

of an Act, made in the 3d and 4th Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, to the present Time, and the said Parish, and several other neighbouring Parishes, have been supplied with Water from the said Works by the Means of Engines, Pipes, and Cisterns, erected and laid for the Passage and Conveyance of Water, to the great Accommodation of the Inhabitants in the said Parishes, and at the great Expence and Rilk of the Petitioners and their Predecessors; and that the said Works have been found to be of great Public Utility, upon the Success whereof depends the Health and Comfort of many Thousands of the Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is now depending for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, &c. and for other Purposes, in the said Parish of Shadwell, and other Parishes adjoining thereto, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be very much injured in their Property, their Works destroyed, and the Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood deprived of their Comforts, and be put to the greatest Inconvenience; And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Couniel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of Bold Fleetwood Hejketh, Esquire, Thomas Weld, Esquire, Thomas Patten, Esquire, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who are respectively Owners and Proprietors of divers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the several Townships, Vills, Hamlets, or Divisions, of Thornton Holmes and Little

Bifpham with Norbreck, and Great within the several Parishes of Poulton and Bifpham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within and Parcel of the said several Manors or Lordships of Thornton, Little Bifpham with Norbreck, and Great Carleton, a certain Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, usually called or known by the Name of Thornton Marsh, containing, by Estimation, 800 Statute Acres, or thereabouts, situate within the said several Townships, Vills, Hamlets, or Divisions, and bounded by the Strand or Sea Shore, and by the ancient inclosed Grounds of the said several Townships, Vills/Hamlets, or Divisions) and that the said Bold Fleetwood Hejketh, is Lord of the said several Manors or Lordships of Thornton and Little Bifpham with Norbreck, and as such is seised of, or entitled unto, the Soil, and Inheritance and Royalties, of and within such Parts of the said Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, as are situate within, and Parcel of, the said several Manors or Lordships o{ Thornton, and Little Bifpham with Norbreck, respectively; and that the said Thomas Weld, Esquire, is Lord of the said Manor or Lordship of Great Carleton, and as such is seised of, or entitled unto, the Soil, and Inheritance and Royalties, of and within such Part of the said Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, as is situate within, and Parcel of, the said Manor or Lordship of Great Carleton; and that the said Bold Fleetwood Hejketh, Thomas Weld, Thomas Patten, and the several other Persons, are the Owners and Proprietors of divers, ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, within all or some of the said several Townships, Vills, Hamlets, or Divisions, of Thornton Holmes and Trunnall, Little Bifpham "with Norbreck, and Great Carleton, and in respect

thereof

Thornton,' &c. Inclosurt Petition *

Petition of Owners of Estates, aguinit Effing ton Railway,

Bill *

84 190 Decembris A 1798.

thereof, or otherwise, are entitled to Right of Common in, upon, and over, such respective Parts of the said Common, Wide, and Marsh Grounds, as are situate within the respective Precincts of the same Townships, Vills, Hamlets, or Divisions, with the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, respectively, conferring such Right of Common as aforesaid; and that the Whole of the said Tract of Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, is intercommoned and depastured with the Cattle of the several Occupiers of Lands within the said respective Town ships, Vills, Hamlets, or Divisions, of Thornton Holmes and Trunnall, Little with

breck, and Great Carleton, promiscuously, and', being un-stinted, and greatly overstocked, and at present in a very rude and uncultivated State, yields very little Profit, but the same might be greatly improved, if divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests; and that the said Bold Fleetivood Hejketh, Thomas Weld, and Thomas Batten, and the several other Persons so entitled and interested as aforesaid, are desirous that such Division and Inclosure should take place: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, called Thornton , or by whatsoever other Name or Names called, known, or distinguished, in the said several Townships, Vills, Hamlets, or Divisions, of Thornton Holmes and Trnnnall, Little Bifpham with Norbreck, and Great , within, and

Parcel of, the said several Manors or Lordships of -ton. Little Bifpham with Norbreck, and Great Carleton, in the said County Palatine of in Conformity to

such Regulations, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dent and Mr. Patten do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and - others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Liberties, of Effing-ton, Bushbury, Hilton, Wolverhampton, Sharefhill, Great

Saredon, and Little Sarcdon, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable Henry Vernon, Esquire, his Heirs, and Assigns, to make and maintain a Railway or Road from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Eff.ngton, in the Parish of Bushbury, in the County of Stafford, to the Staffordshire, and Worcestershire Canal, in the Liberty of Little Saredon, in the said County, with such Wharfs

and other Works as shall be deemed expedient for the Use and Convenience thereof; and Setting forth, That nearly the Whole of the said Railway or Road is to be made through Lands belonging to, and in the Occupation of, the Petitioners respectively, and the same will be very prejudicial thereto, and a very great Inconvenience to the Occupation thereof; and that the said Bill will also be very injurious to the Petitioners in other Respects: And therefore praying. That

they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

9

A Petition of the Bakers resider.t in the City and Suburbs of Winchef a, and Places adjacent, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners feel themselves much aggrieved for Want of the Magistrates letting the Price of Bread, agreeable to the Table of the 31st Geo. II. availing themselves, under the Third Ciaule of the said Act, and making them (the Bakers) Allowance of Profit much insufficient, on an Average, being only Six Shillings per Sack of Flour, to enable them to live by their Trade, and support themselves and Families; and that the Petitioners have felt the more lcnfibly such Oppression of late Years, in consequence of the great increase of Wages, and every Article of Life, exclusive of the heavy additional Duty on Salt, now so much advanced: And therefore praying for such Relief as to the House shall seem meet, either by amending or explaining the present Act, and the Table for the Assize of Bread therein contained, as the Standard for regulating the Prices, or to cause an additional Assize Table to be added, regulating the Price of Bread agreeable to the Price of Flour, in the' same Manner as hath lately been done for the City of London, thereby making such Allowance to the Trade as may be thought just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

N° x. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, dated 29th August 1798, for allowing (in pursuance of

the Powers veiled in His Majesty, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign) the Exportation of an additional Quantity, not exceeding 6,000 Quarters of each of the several Sorts of unground Corn in the said Act mentioned, and 3,000 Tons of each of the several Sorts of ground Corn and Biscuit from the Ports, and to the several Places, therein specified, as Occasion may require, under the Rules and Regulations contained in the Act, passed in the Thirty-firli Year of His Majesty's Reign, Cap. 30, and to be distributed in such Proportions as to the Lords of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council shall appear necessary, according to the Information they shall from Time to Time receive: And also,

N° 2. Copy of an Order in Council, dated 4th October 1798, allowing an additional Quantity of 2,000 Quarters of Wheat, or Flour in Proportion thereto, to be exported to the Island of jersey, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants: And also,

N° 3. Copy of an Order in Council, dated 16th November 1798, founded on His Majesty's Order in Council of the 29th of Auglaft, allowing an additional Quantity of Barley, Beans, Oats, Oatmeal, Pcafe, Rye, Wheat, Wheat Flour, Biscuit, and Grotts, according to the Schedule annexed to the said Order, to be exported to the Sugar Colonies from the Port of London: And also,

N° 4. Copy of an Order of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, dated 12th 1798, allowing

an additional Quantity of Beans, Oats, Oatmeal, Biscuit, Flour, and Grotts, according to the Schedule annexed to the said Order, to be exported to the Sugar Colonies from the Ports of London and Liverpool.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Mr. Secretary Dundas reported to the House, That their Address of the 10th Day of this Instant December (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a List of the Names of the Persons

committed

WinriiffW ]>uk.ei b Petition.

Orders in Council re-fnecting Com &c. p relented.

Answer to . Address.

39 Geo. III. 19 0 Decembris 8$

committed in virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty ill all i'uf[>eft are conspiring against His Person and " Government," and of the Prisons in which they have been confined, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Lift of Person Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur-

de^Mrt'of11' suant to their Address to His Majesty, last Session, A Lift of the Names of the Persons committed in preuuted. virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure " and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect " are conspiring against His Person and Government," and of the Prisons in which they have been confined.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, tb be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Live agreed td Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith: ,

Mr. Speaker,

tinueAfTfor The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An accepting Act to continue, until the Expiration of One Month UtU RegU1 ' after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament . B :ment, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Sixty-six, videlicet, on the Twenty-first Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, intituled, An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the " Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this " Kingdom, as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Irelandwithout any Amendment:' And also,

Scotch Note The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Amendment . ° continue, until the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend, an Act, pafl'ed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Two, videlicet, on the Thirtieth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, "An Act to continue, until " the Expiration of Thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and " Thirty-fevrmth Years of His present Majesty, Chapter " One hundred and Thirty-seven, on the

* Twentieth of July One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, " made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, " and amend, an Act, passed in the present Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, " and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under " a certain Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small <( Sums of Money, in that Part of the United Kingdom, " for a limited Timewith some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the General and Staff Officers serving within ordered.Cer ' Great Britain for the last Five Years, distinguishing each Year, and specifying the Ranks of the different Officers, the Dates of their Appointments, the Amount of Pay received by them, and the Divisions of the Kingdom in wlfich employed.

VOL. 54.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Bill for raif-Sum of Three Millions, by Way of Annuities, be now AumdUcs,b5r read the Third Time. passed.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Way of Annuities;

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Neutral ship , whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, Three Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Ad million of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, and an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill'be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Billrespectir.g last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for g°ngs, orgranting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued dered. '

" with respect to Ajmorial Bearings or Ensigns," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a' Bill, for allowing further Time for Persons to take out Certificates for using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, in pursuance of the said Act: And that Mr.

Mr. Rose, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to enlarge the amend Time limited for the Redemption of the LancfTax, and Redemption to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Act, paired. Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the " Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money " now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One " Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was oifered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for ascertaining the Fees to be taken by the Clerk of the Peace.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed-

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobart took the Chair of the Committee *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Z Mr.

86

19° Decembris.

jl. 1798.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for compelling the Payment, of Instalments.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, Declaring, that no Land Tax shall be sold to common Purchasers, till after the 25th Day of June next.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing certain Persons to redeem Land Tax after the 25th day of June, where no Notice has been given.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, Declaring, that in Cafes of Copyholds, the Certificate of the Consent of the Commissioners shall be entered on the Court Rolls.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill,

Pr. 7. 1. 15. After " En," to insert " or his Deputy."

[To leave out the said," and insert " this," instead thereof.

1. 28.

and > 29. j

Pr. 33. 1. 5. To leave out " Consent," and insert ‘ " Approbation of the Court of " Chancery in the Manner," instead thereof.

Pr. 44. 1. 10. To leave out from " Estates," to " And," in 1. 22.

Pr. 49. 1. 24. After " General," to insert " or his " Deputy."

1. 29. After " General," to insert " or his " Deputy."

'Pr. 50. I. 13. After " General," to insert " or his " Deputy."

1. 15. To leave out " or purchase."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein " stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in " Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Year, from " the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-eight."

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee on itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Bill.

Act, made' in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was dire died by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Thwfday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Bill respect-Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Persons to ge^rorial take out Certificates for using or wearing Armorial presented. Bearings or Ensigns, in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act, for " granting to His Majesty a Duty on' Certificates " issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Day.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Mutiny Bill, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the deferrcd *

Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Indemnity itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bl11, <leferreJ Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to tpake and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make1 and file the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for ex tending the Time limited for that Purpose.

The Orders of the Day being read;

' Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Way; and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, de *

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the err Supply granted to His Majesty. '

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Supply, de-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ferred‘ consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the Clock.

Jovit,

Schick, fwora.

Hennings Nat. Bill, passed.

Schick's Nat.

Bill, committed.

Eafield, Hertford, and Wait Roads Petition.

Rochester Theatre Petition, reported.

39 Geo. III.

20° Decembris.

87

Jovis, 20° die Decembris;

Anno 390 Georgii III'" Regis, 1798. Prayers.

ANT.HONT Schick took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Charles Fredrick Hennings, was read the Third Time.

Rochester: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. Bro-drick do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon , in the County of Nottingham, tojoin the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide

Poll on the Fofs Road, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read

Newark, &e. Roads Petition.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed by virtue be. An Act for naturalizing Charles Fredrick Hennings. of the said Act, have proceeded in the Execution Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the

Credit of the Tolls, which still remain due; and that the said Road cannot be completely amended and kept in Repair, and the Debts contracted on Account thereof discharged, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing Anthony Schick, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Pitt, Mr. Burdon, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. '

' I

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution several Acts, passed in the Eleventh mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixth shall appear to them, to the House and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, and in the And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Lord William

Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Cavendish Bentinck, See.: And they are to meet To-amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads morrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's leading irom the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,'

Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and from the End and Records, of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in

the County of Hertford, and certain other Roads in the- A Petition of Jufiin Eliza Cefar Audra was presented Audi's Nat. said Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be Petklon read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed in given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization, pursuance of the said Acts, have made great Progress in Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-the repairing of the said Roads, and a considerable Sum cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

William Geary and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls now remains due, which cannot be paid oft', nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to

The Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a further Neutral ship Time to be limited. Three Acts, passed in the Thirty- &c-®‘ b fifth and Thirty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's 1)4

bring in a Bill for further continuing the Term, and for Reign, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re- Orders in Council for that Purpose, and an Act, passed strictions, as to the House shall seem meet. in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Majesty, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations Consideration of a Committee: And that they do respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Cape of Good Hope, was, according to Order, read the shall appear to them, to the House: Third Time.

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Baker, Sec: Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of be. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six

the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records

Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to videlicet, on the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand whom the Petition of Sarah Baker, of Rochester, in the Seven htmdred and Ninety-five; and also, an Act, County of Kent, Widow, was referred; That the Com- passed in the same Year, Chapter Eighty, videlicet, on mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, the Twenty-second Day of May One thousand Seven and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared hundred and Ninety-five; and also, another Act, passed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his ' in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Seventy-six, on the 'Fourteenth Day of May

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;-y/z. One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, relating To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomaito the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Dyne, Esquire, being examined, said, That the City of Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for Rochester is a large and populous City, that a great that Purpose; and to continue, for the same Period, an Number of Persons of considerable Property reside in Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the it, and in the Neighbourhood, who are desirous of Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present having a Theatre there, under proper Regulations: Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one, on the Twenty-

And, eighth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred

John Matthews, Esquire, confirmed the foregoing and Ninety-six, auth-oizing His Majesty to make Regu-Evidence. lations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to The Cape of Good Hope. enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of . Ordered,

Vo l. 54.

88 ic? Decembris 1708/

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords and desire their Concurrence.

koyal Assent A Mefliige by Mr. Yeoman Ulher of the

to a Bill. Black Rod:

‘ Mr Speaker *

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act: agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peeis.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-nientioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to a Public Bill therein mentioned; and ailo empower ing His Royal Highness the Prince of His Royal

Highness the Duke of Turk, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High ' Chancellor of and several other

Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great , and the

Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; which Bill is as followeth; viz.

An Act to Continue, until the Expiration of One Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Sixty-six, videlicet, on the Twenty first Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, intituled, "An Act for empowering His Majesty, ' " for a Time and to an Extent to be limited, to accept

" the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in " this Kingdom, as may voluntarily offer themselves "to be employed in Ireland."

Oare inclo- A Petition of John Goodman, Efcjuire, John Banning, lure Petition. ancj the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of several Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Tything of Oare, in the Parishes of and in

the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc within the Tything of Oare, in the Parishes of Wilcot and Huish, in the County of Wilts, several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Downs, and Waste Lands and Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the said Fields and Lands might be greatly improved if the same were divided, and specific Allotments made thereof unto the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Buxton, Mr. Goddard, and Mr. Wyndham, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Manthorpe, A Petition of Sir William Maimers, Baronet, Lord of pCtiUon°fure Manor of Manthorpe and Little Gonerby, in the ion. County of Lincoln, and others, Owners of Lands in the Open Fields, and entitled to Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, or within the Boundaries thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the 3

Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and that the fame, as also the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present open State, are incapable of Improvement, and the Owners thereof are subject to great and heavy Losses; and that, if the said Fields and Commons were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement to the Estates of the Petitioners and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Picrrepont, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and Mr. of

Gatton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, tb KUham . whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting fpTnw 1. in Execution an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of Heme Road the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Petltl0">

Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of repi>lt<' Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. William Tootell, being examined, said. That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed upon, the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road; and that the Money so borrowed, together with the said Tolls, have been applied in amending the said Road: And the Witness added. That the said.

Road is greatly out of Repair, and cannot be effectually amended, and the Money borrowed, and due as aforesaid, paid off, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the said Tolls increased, and some other Amendments and Alterations made in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road > leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Bdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon London Port the 12th Day of this Instant December, for reading a BU1, de'‘eneJ Second Time, To-m«rrow, the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 28 th Day of this Instapt December.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Wet Docks, London Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accom- deferred modation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bm refusing Reading of the Bill for allowing further Time for Persons Bering , to take out Certificates for using or wearing Armorial committed. Bearings or Ensigns, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting

Grenada and St. Vincent's Instalments Bill, ordered.

Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pension Act, ordered.

Grenada and St. Vincent's Instalments BilJ, presented.

59 GeO. III. 206 Decembrts. 89

* granting to His Majesty a Duty oh Certificates " issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refobved.That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill to conti-House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a corpus'suf-Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session pension Act, of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His panted.

" Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and GovernmentAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. - ,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time. Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Indemnity Planters and others, of His Majesty's Islands of Saint to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bll,»dee Vincent and Grenada, which was presented to the House upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted upon the 7 th Day of this Instant December, and then to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read. and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who And the same was read accordingly; have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica-

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the tions within the Time directed by Law, and for ex-Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, tending the Time limited for those Purposes; to in-intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct demnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations,

" the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been " for the Purposes, and in the Maimer, therein men- omitted to be stamped according to Law, 6r, having te tioned," might be read. been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allow-

And the same was read accordingly. ing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped;

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing further Time to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame;

* for the Payment of Instalments to become due on and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers " certain Sums advanced by way of Loan, pursuant to of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Dean Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His feriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the " present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extend Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a ing the Time limited for that Purpose, be now read.

" limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Man- And the said Order being read accordingly;

" ner, therein mentioned; and for granting further Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Iastructions.

" Relief to Persons connected with, and trading to, the mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for , " Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent ,"might be read, allowing further Time to such Persons as have omitted And the same being read accordingly; to pay the Duties on the Indentures, and Contrafts of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-to become due on certain Sums advanced, by Way of mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for Loan, to certain Persons connected with, and trading indemnifying Attornies, and other Persons, who have to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent: And that neglected to obtain and enter in their respective Courts Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir William Young, the Certificates required to be taken out by them, and Mr. Manning, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for The House was moved. That an Act, made in the enabling the Judges of the Courts in Westminster to last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to em- admit Persons as Attornies, although they have not " power His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons actually served, during the Space of Five Years, the " as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Attornies to whom they have been articled, provided " Person and Government," might be read. they have, during such Term, served some dther Attor-

And the same being read accordingly; ney or Attornies.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to OThat it be an Instruction to the said Com-continue the said Act, for a Time to be limited: And mittee, that they have Power to turn the said- Bill into that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney Two Bills, if they think fit.

General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; bring in, the fame. resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mutiny Bill,

House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing further to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House deferred -

Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and -

on certain Sums advanced, by Way of Loan, to certain for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar- .

Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of ters, be now read.

Grenada and Saint Vincent: And the same was received; And the said Order being read accordingly;

and read the First Time. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day S^ven *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. night, resolve itself into the said Committee. *

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second "

Time. - The other Order of the DayJbeing read; '

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee on Resolved, That the Bill be committed. . >whole House, to consider further of the Bill t.o repeal incoi^Duf

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit- the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Sefiiori Bill. " y tee of the whole House. . of Parliament, for granting - an Aid and Contribution

Resolved, That _ this House will, Tomorrow Morn- for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more ef-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, feftual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting cer-upon the said Bill. tain Duties upondneome, in Lieu of the said Duties.

Vol. 54. A a ' 1 Mr.

Schick's Nat. Bill, reported.

Rochester Theatre Rill, presented.

Report on Li-vapool Plying, Sec. Petition, re-committed.

Thoniton,&c. Inclosure Bill, presented.

Lords Amendments to Scotch Notts Bill, agreed to.

90 $o° — D 1798.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vrnerts, 21° die Decembris;

Anno 39 Georgii 3 11 Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Anthony Schick was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he t delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Rochester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Otdered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom thosaid Petition was referred.

Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, called Thornton M within the several Parishes of Poulton and Bifpham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster :And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to continue, until the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-mine, and amend, an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Two, on the

Thirtieth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, "An Act to continue,

" until the Expiration of Thirty Days after the Cotnmencement of the next Session of Parliament, an " Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty *

" sixth and Thirty-seventh Yean of His present Ma- jetty, Chapter One hundred and Thirty-seven, videlicet, on the Twentieth of July One thousand Seven

* hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Pfcrliashent, intituled, An Act to reviye and continue, for

" a limited Time, and amend, an Act, passed in the " present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to " allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in " that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue " Notes for Sums under a certain A/nount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Persons who have " issued Notes for small Sums of Money, in that Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited Time."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4.1. 38. Leave out et First," and insert Twen " ty-fifth."

1. 39. Leave out " and insert " March"

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 1. Leave out " First" and insert u Twentyfifth.;" and, in the same Line, leave out " May" and insert " March"

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dttndas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill for naturalizing Hermenegild Maria

Cajlellain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. John Pitt, Stc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act few railing the Sum of Three Millions, by Way of Annuities; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and " Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the several " Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land " Tax for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of " March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyeightwithout any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Seven, on the Second Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, "An Act to continue, " until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament " holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years " of His present Majesty, the one. Chapter Thirtytwo, on the Tenth Day of March, and the other, 41 Chapter Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for " suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth " Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for redraining the Negotiation of Prom'rffory Notes, and " Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that " Part of Great Britain called England and also to amend the said Act, and further to continue the same until the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners for

putting

Caftellam'r Nat. Bill, committed.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities.

Bill to amend Land Tax Re-demptionAtU

Bill respecting the Negotiation of Pro-mi flory Notes, with Amendments.

Margate Pier Petition, reported.

Committee on

Indemnity

Bui

39 Geo. III.

a i° Decembris.

91

putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the Pier of Margate, in the Isle of Vianet, in the County of Kent; ] for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering, certain " Duties, in Lieu of the ancient and customary Droits; " for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; " for widening, paving, reputing, cleansing, lighting, " and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and " Public Passages, in the Town of , and Parish

" of Saint Join tie Baptist, in the said Isle of Tianet; " for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters,. " and Carmen, within the said Town; and for prevent " ing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined -the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Jacob Sawkins, being examined, said. That the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but find that the Powers granted thereby are not sufficient to enable them effectually to complete the beneficial Purposes thereby intended; that a confidemble Sum of Money is now owing on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, over and above the Sum thereby authorized to be borrowed, which Money so owing cannot be repaid, nor the several Works directed by the said Act, supported and main tuned, without an Increase and Regulation of the said Tolls and Duties.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act> passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re-building the Pier of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act: And that Sir Geary and Mr. Dent do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Refe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gpne through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiU please to receive the same.

Vol. 54.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Committwon House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Armonai 5 House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Bearing . Persons to take out Certificates for using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings or " Ensigns," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rest reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Billtocon-cond Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be corp^Su^ limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, pension intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure comn"tted *

" and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect " are conspiring against his Person and Government," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A 'Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, $Mr. Attorney General, > g$.

(Mr But don: )

Tellers for the Noes,( Mr. Tierney,) $,

(Mr. Alderman Combe: )

So it wa§ resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Volunteer Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- option Bill, jesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging and ordered. ' " disciplining such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of " their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the general " Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also proved. That an Act. made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act; for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained ana exercised " in the Manner therein directed; and for enabling " His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in " case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for exempt sg certain Persons, serving in Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions: And that Mr. Secietaiy Dundee, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Hujkijfon, do prepaid and bring in, the fen.

AFetition-

2i — 22° Dec emir is.

Turkey Company's Petition.

Committee on re-committed Income Duty Bill.

Volunteer Corps Exemption Bill, presented.

Ways and Means, deferred.

9

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and' read] Setting forth. That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey, has for a long Series of Years been carried on by a Society of Merchants, incorporated by Chatter, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on this Trade with Safety, and pro-tedl His Majesty's Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it' has been found necessary that an Ambassador or Public Minister should be lent from England to reside at Confiantimple , and that Consuls, Viceconluls, and other Officers and Servants, should be established in other Parts of Turkey, where British Subjects reside, and where English. Merchants carry on Trade, the whole Expence of which has been borne by the Turkey Company, which, together with other Expences incident to carrying on this Trade, have of late: Years amounted to about f.8,000 per Annumand that the

Petitioners acknowledge, with Gratitude, the several Grants they have frequently received from Parliament, which have enabled them to support their Establishments in Turkey, but they are sensible they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by. their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public (for. whom they consider themselves as Trustees) if they did not again declare their present Inability to support' their necessary and unavoidable Expences unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take thele Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as may be thought necessary and proper;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecutijon of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in Lieu of the said Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chaff of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself -Into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fun-ther of the said Bill;

... Mr. Hujhjfon presented to the 'House, according to

"Order, a Bill for exempting certain Persons, serving in 'Volunteer Corps,' from-being ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions: And the same was received; and read the First Time. '

~-Resolved, That the Pill be read a Second Time.

Orderedjlchat the said Bill be read a'SecondTime this Dhy -; V J

{ Ordered;-That the said Bill be printed.

7e \ u \ .

- -The Other Orders -of -the-Day ‘being read p Resolved, That this House will, upon

A. 1^98.

ing next, resolve illelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon lVed>ufday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due, on certain Sums advanced by Way of Loan, to certain Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

And then the House adjourned till this Day, Eleven of the Clock. '

Sabbati, 2 2° dieDecembris;

Anno 390' Georgii IIItU Regis, 1798.

'' iff.!.

Prayers.

AMES SAGE by Mr. Quanne, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

" Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal AH'ent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorised by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness The Duke of His Royal

Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of terbury^ the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord High Chancellor - of Great Britain, the Duke of Portland,. and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Way of Annuities:

An Act to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and " Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the several " Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land " Tax for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of " March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyeight."

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry to the Lords, the ingrossed Bill to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the Sixteenth Day of March One thou-farid Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and also, an Act,.passed in the same Year, Chapter Eighty, videlicet, on the Twenty-second Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-live; and also, another Act,

passed

Supply, deferred.

Grenada and St. Vincent's Instalments Bill, deferred.

Royal Assent to Bills.

Mr. Ryder to carry Neutral Ships, See. Bill, to the Lords.

Schick's Nat. Bill, polled.

Hevingham, &c. inclosure Pttition.

Mr. Coutts'i Petition, reported.

39 Geo. III. 220 Decembris. 93

passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Side of William -S/rre/aforesaid.' And being further ex-Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the Fourteenth Day amined, he laid, That William SV/yer, over which the Arch of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, is intended to be built, is a very finalF, narrow, retired relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Mer- Street, and that the Arch is intended to be built in fqch chandize in Neutral Ships, and the bluing of Orders in a Manner, as not to obstrud or be any Inconvenience to Council for that Purpose, and to continue, for the same the Passage of the said Street, either to Passengers" br Period, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament Carriages of any Description.

holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of Then Mr. Anthony Burrow, being examined, said, That

His present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one, videlicet, on he applied to the Board of Commissioners for paving

the Twenty-eighth Day of December One thousand Westminand also to the Vestry of the Parish of

Seven hundred and Ninety-six, authorizing His Ma- Saint Martin in the , and likewise to the Marquis

jesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and of Sa/ijband Mr. the Ground Landlords,

Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope; and de- and to all the Inhabitants of William Street, for their

fire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto. Approbation of the proposed Measure, to which they

severally gave their Cpnlent. And the Witness added.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Anthony Schick, was That the said Arch is necelfaryfor the Purpose of read the Third Time. enabling the Petitioner to carry on his said Business, and.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title - will not beany Prejudice to the Public. be. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Schick. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the enable Thomas Coutts, Rlquire, Banker, to make a Corn-Lords, and ddire their Concurrence. munication between his Buildings on the opposite'Sides

of William Street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in t\e.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Fields, within the City and Liberty of Arid

thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of that Mr. and Mr. Byng dp prepare, arid

divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and en- bring in, the fame. ‘ -

titled to certain Rights of Common, and other Rights

and Interests, within the adjoining Parishes of Hevingham Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Cartel bin's and Marsham, in the County of Norfolk, was presented whom the Bill for naturalizing Her mem fid Attgvfns re *

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there Are, MariaCajiellain vvas committed; That the Cornriiittee within the said Parishes, divers Lands and-Grounds, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the -called Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack farpe to be true'; and that the Committee had directed Lands, Warrens, or reputed Warrens, Commons, him to report the Bill to the House, without any Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Walk Grounds, Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Which are subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Table.

Shackage, and Common, and inconveniently fitiiated Ordered, That the Bill be ingrqffed. for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and

it would be advantageous to the several Parties inte- Mr. Nicholas Vavfittart reported from the Committee, Report from retted in the Premifl.es, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, appointed to enquire into the State of the Her-

"Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and the ring Fjfliefies,. and ..into t^e tnoft effectual Means for cries, said Lands and Grounds divided, and specific Parts or ! their Improvement' and Extension, 'and to report tlye "Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested farpe, from T>me to Time, with their Opinion there-therein, according to their respective Estates, Rights, upon, to the House; That the Committee had made'a and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may Progress.in the Matters to them referred, and had corrie , be given to bring in a Bill for the 'Purpose aforesaid, to several Resolutions, which they had dire died him to under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House report to the House; and he read the , Report in his shall seem meet. Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a- Bill, pur- Table: Where the fafpe was read; and the Resolutions suant to the Prayer of the said'Petition: And that Mr. of the Committee are as followeth; viz. '

John Pitt and Mr. Burdon do prepare, and bring in, the Refo That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lame. That no Bounties per Ton ought to be'.granted to Vessels employed in the Herring Fishery,^except

Mr. Mainvoaring reported from the Committee, to for the Tune, and within she.Limits, Specified. ' whom the Petition of Thomas Coutts, of the Strand, in Refo That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the County of Middlesex, Banker, was referred; That Tfiat a Bounty of Ten Shillings for every T?n be'allowdd the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Tor Two Years, from the 5th of April 179 9 "to the 5th Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it of Apr 1801, to the Owner of every. Buis or Vessel of appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re- mot less than-Fifteen Tons Burthen,'whiqh has received port in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the . the Tonnage Bounty in any of the Three preceding Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as Years, and'fLVCyews of which shall,' in the Space of followeth; viz. Twelve Months, take or purchase from British Fisher-

To prove the Allegations of the find Petition, men, offanyi Part of the Coast of Scotland, to the North Edmund Antrobus, Esquire, being examined, said. That of Oban, and to the West of Head, ox off the

the Petitioner is possessed of and entitled to an House \ Coafis ofapy of the neighbouringlflands, such a Quah-and Offices in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, tity of Herrings' as shall amount, when' completely in which he has for many Years carried on the Business cured, either as-White Herrings or as Red, to the Proof a Banker, the Back Part of which Premises abut and portion of Six Barrels of Herrings, oFThirty-two Gallons are situate on the North Side of William Street, Adelphi, each, for every Tpn of her. Burthen by Admeasure-in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the Liberty ^pient. - '

of Wefsnin/ler, and County of Middlesex-, and.that fie is Resolved, That it is the Opinion of This -Committee, also possessed of and entitled to certain Offices and That a Bounty of Five Shillings per Tdn should be al-Buildings, the Front of which abut and are situate on the lowed, from the 5th of April 1801 to the ^th of fpril South Side of Williamaforesaid, opposite the Back 1804, upon the same Terms. ' ' . *

.Part of the Buildings and Premisses first, mentioned: ResolveThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner is desirous of making a Communi- . That such Bulfes ought to be subject to no Regulations, feat ion to be built over William Streetaforesaid, from his with respedi to the Quantity of Salt Barrels br Netting, iaid Buildings on the Nortlx Side, to those on Jtlie.South the Number of Men to be carried out, to the Period of Vox,. 54. 1 B b " ": '"r " Clearing

Bill to Kviic Newfound-Jand Judicature A&, ordered.

94 22° Decembris.^.1798.

clearing out, oi th eTime during which they shall be The House was also moved, That an Act, made in employed in thd laid Fishery. the Thirty-fourth Year of the lteign of His present

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue an Act, made That all Herrings intended for Exportation (except to " in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Inland) shall, if gutted, be completely cured, and Twice " Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; packed in Barrels of Oak, Elm, Beech, Birch, or " and to revive and continue so much of Two Acts,

Alder, containing Thirty-two Gallons each> and full " made in the Tenth and Sixteenth Years of His prebound. " sent Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval That all Herrings intended for Exportation (except to " Officers in the Colonies in , and of the

Ireland) shall, if not gutted, be completely cured, and " Officers of the Customs in the Island of -

Twice packed in Barrels, containing Twenty-eight Gal- "lanmight be read. Ions each, of the same Materials, and full bound. And the same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the That all Herrings intended for Home Consumption, or Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Exportation to Ireland, shall, if gutted, be completely intituled, "An Act for further continuing an Act, made cured, and packed in Barrels of Thirty-two Gallons, of " in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present the same Materials, and quarter bound. Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing Courts of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the That all Herrings intended for Home Consumption, or 41 Wands adjacent," might be read, for Exportation to Ireland, if ungutted, shall be com- And the same was read accordingly, pletely cured, and packed in Barrels of Twenty-eight The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Gallons, of the same Materials, and quarter bound. Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, intituled, "An Act for further continuing an Act, made That the Quantity of Salt, for which Credit shall be " in the Thirty-third \rear of the Reign of His present allowed to the Curersoneach Barrel of Herrings, ought Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing Courts of to be fixed, with a Reference to the various Clalies, dif- " Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the tinguished in the preceding Resolutions. " Wands adjacent," might be read.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the same being read accordingly;

That all Barrels, in which Herrings shall be packed. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to shall be of the same Thickneis as is now required by revive and continue the said first-mentioned Act: An

Law. that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in, the fame.

That, for every Barrel, of Thirty-two Gallons of gutted

Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Bill respecting Exportation (except to Ireland) be granted a Bounty of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Two Shillings, for Ten Years, commencing from the 5th allowing further Time for Persons to take out Certifi- ported.5 '

of April i 799. cates for using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Ensigns,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of That, for every Barrel, of Twenty-eight Gallons, of un- Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His gutted Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner re- Majesty a Duty on Certificates, issued with respect quired for Exportation (except to Ireland' be granted, " to Armorial Bearings or Ensigns," was committed, during the same Term, a Bounty of One Shilling and We Amendments which the Committee had made to

Nine Pence. We Bill, and which they had difeded him to report to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, We House; and he read the Report in his Place; and That, so tevery Barrel, of Thirty-two Gallons, of gutted afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for 'at We Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Home Consumption, or for Exportation to Ireland, be Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One granted, during the same Term, a Bounty of One Shil- by One; and, upon the Question (cvcially put ihere-sing and Six Pence. upon, were agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, . OrdeThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be That, for every Barrel, of Twenty-eight Gallons of un- ingrossed.

-gutted Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner re- Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third rime ejuired for Home Consumption, or for Exportation to upon Morning next, if the said Bill shall

Ireland be granted, during the same Term, a Bounty of be then ingrossed.

One Shilling and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Com- indemnity That no Bounty be payable upon any Herrings, until mittee of the whole House, to whom the Billtoindem- Bill, reported, they shall have' been infp^<sted and approved by the nify bach Persons as have omitted to quality themselves jproper Officer. for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, -of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or That no Nets shall be used for the Purpose of catching deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed Herrings, of which the Melhes shall measure less than by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those One Inch from Knot to Knot. Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities,

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions Jable. have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, of.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of allowing the mTime to provide Admissions duly stamped; the Members of the House. to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file

Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame; and Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions " in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adja- of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within u cent " might be read. the Time d fie died by Law, and for extending the Time

And the same was read accordingly. limited for that Purpose, was committed, the Amend-

ments

Volunteer Corps Exemption Kill, committed.

Committee on Gfenacta and St. Vincent's Instalments

Rill.

Committee on re-committed Income Duty

jmj.

Imported.

22 — 26s Decembris.

39 Geo. III.

merits which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for exempting certain Persons, serving in Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain -Conditions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon fVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Milford hive Leave to make a Motion, it being near Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ill Account of the Establishment, and of the Deficiency, of the several Corps of the Old Militia, and of the Supplementary Militia, according to the last Monthly Returns, as far as the same can be made up, distinguishing the several Corps, as far as can be done.

And then the House adjourned till fVednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 6 die Decembris;

Anno 39# Georgii III. U Regis, 1798 Prayers.

JOHN Roger Tefchemacher, George fVicke,

and John Alexander Martin, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalisation.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself ipto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for the Payment of Instalrrients to become due on certain Sums advanced, by Way of Loan, to certain Persons connected with, and trading to, the lllands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Curtis took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon fVednesday Morning next.

Mr. John Pitt reported" from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and amend, an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the Borough of Evefharti, in the County of tVircester, to The Globe Inn, in Atcester, in the- County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, . by granting -certain Duties upon Income, in Lieu of the said Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's TableWhere the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tfcirfday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as

Vol. 54.

A Petition of the Corhmiflloners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them (elves, and the rest of the Commissioners and Trustees, named, appointed, and elected, to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Long Horseley Bar or Gate, on the Post Road near the Town of by or through

Long Horseley, Weldon, Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Piercy's Cross, in the County of Northumberland, and another Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act, was presented to the House, and read;. Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed by the said-Acts, have borrowed, on the Security of the Tolls, several Sums of Money, and applied the fame, together with the Tolls, in making and completing the said Road, and in discharging and keeping down the Interest of the Sums so borrowed, but, the Money arising by the said Tolls being wholly inadequate to anftver both the aforesaid Purposes, a veiy large Arreaf of Interest hath arisen, and now remains due; and that the said Road is a Part of the Great and Common Road from the Town of Morpeth to the Town of , in the County of Northumberland, and from thence to the City of Edinburgh, is of National Benefit, and

- tends

Account 0# Deficiency of Corps of Militia, ordered.

Tefthertia-cher, Wicke and Martin sworn.

£ efham Roads Bill reported.

Lo lg Horse ley, and Morpeth, &c. Roads Petition *

Bill to amend

Oxford Canal Ad>$, committed.

Martin's Nat. Bill, committed.

Wicke's Nat. Bill, committed.

Tefchema-cher's Nat. Bill, committed.

Lords

Amendments to Billrespecting the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, agreed to.

96

tends greatly to the Improvement of the Landed Estates in the Neighbourhood, and to the Increase of Trade and Commerce in the County -of , and the Parts adjacent, and the Commercial Interests of the Kingdom in general;. and that, by Means of many heavy Carriages passing and re-passing thereon, in all Seasons of the Year, with narrow Wheels, the said Road constantly requires Reparation, and, the Materials used for the greatest Part thereof lying at a considerable Distance, it is impossible to keep the said Road in Repair, and to pay and keep down the Interest of the Money borrowed, unless the said Tolls be increased: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers granted by the said former Acts, and for reducing the said Acts, of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and for other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the-Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Grey, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth, Years of the ReigH of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. John Fane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John Alexander Martin, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill fof naturalizing Johann George Wicke, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John , Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

1798.

" pending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain " Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years " of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining " the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Bills of " Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of " Great Britain called England;" and also to amend the said Act, and further to continue the same until the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

And tin; said Amendments were read, and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 25. Leave out " First," and insert " Twenty-fifth," and, in the same Line, leave out " Mat," and insert March."

In the Title of the Bill.

1. 18. After " fame," insert " so amended," and, in the same Line, leave out " First,"and insert "Twenty-fifth," and also, leave out " May," and insert " March."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Jefferys do earn' the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Hermenegild gttjlus Maria Caftellain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Hermenegild Augustus Maria Caftellain.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) for allowing further Time for Persons to take out Certificates for using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on " Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings " or Ensigns," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Time allowed for taking out Certificates for using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, until the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

26° Decembris.

A Bill for naturalizing John Roger Tejchemacher, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Seven, on the Second Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the " Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, " Two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament " holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years " of His present Majesty, the one. Chapter Thirty-two, " on the Tenth Day of March, and the other, Chapter " Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth Day of May One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for fuf-6

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that -Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The

Ca llel Iain's Nat, Bill, palV led.

Bill respecting Armorial Bearings, passed.

Indemnity' Bill, passed *

Newfoundland Judicature Bill, p relented#

Thornton,&e. Incloi'ure Bill, committed.

Committee on Bill to continue Habeas

3j> Geo. III. n69 Decembtis. 97

The laid Bill was read the Third Time. Ord, That the Report be received To-ihofrow Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Morning, be. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted

to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and, Mr. Secretary at War pfefented to the House, pur- Aecdtint^rf^ to indemnify Justices of the Peace, 6r others, who have fuan{ to their Order, t «r the Militia,

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications An Account of the Establishment, and of the Defi- ^resente^i within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the ciency, of the several Corps of the Old Militia, and of Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty fifth the Supplementary Militia, according to the last Month-Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and ly Returns, as fat as the same can be made up, distin Ninetymine; to indemnify Members and Officers ih guishing the several Corps, as far as can be done.

Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad>- And the Title of the said Account was read.

millions have been omitted to be stamped according to Orde, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, to be pefufed by the Members of the House.

and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of The said Account is preserved amongst the other

December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, Papers of this Session , .

to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of OrdeThat Sir William Youkg do make the Report dretiidi drt<f the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the 1

Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Bill for allowing further Time for the Payment of In- Bill, reported. Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Seven hundred ftalments to become due on certain Sums advanced, by and Ninety-nine; to allow to such Persons who have Way of Loan, to certain Persons connected with, and omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Con- trading to, the' Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent tracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, until the was committed,

Twenty-second Day of June One thousand Seven hun Sir William Young accordingly reported froth the said dred and Ninety-nine, for Payment of the fame; to in Committee, the Amendments which the Committee demnify Attornies who have omitted to enter their Cer- had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to tificates according to Law, and for allowing them until be reported to the House; and he read the Report in the First Day of Easter Term to enter the same with the his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the proper Officer j to authorize the admitting Persons to be Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Attornies, notwithstanding such Persons shall, during the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Space of Five Years, have actually served other Attornies Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Questioft than the Attornies to whom such Persons shall have been severally put thereupon, were, with several Amend articled j and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, ments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to trans- several Amendments were made, by the House, to the mit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of Bill *

the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for ex- _ Ordered^ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be tending the Time limited for that Purpose until the ingrossed.

First Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Orde That the said Bill be read the Third Time Ninety-nine. Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the grofled.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. . i

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oa Mr. Ryderpresented to the House, According to Order, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, co E^mp-a Bill to revive and continue an Act, made in the Thir- upon the- Bill for exempting certain Persons, serving in twa Bill1 1 ty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for the Supple-tituled, " An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature tnentary Militia, under certain Conditions, be now read.

" in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adja- And the said Order being read accordingly;

" centAnd the same was received; and read the First The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thir *

Time. ty=fevedth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, In ti-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Sedond Time. tuled, An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time " Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner Tomorrow Morning. therein directed; and for enabling His Majesty to cause

" the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain f Defence of these Kingdoms," might be read,

Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, And the same being read accordingly J

called Thornton Marsh, within the several Parishes of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com *

Peulton and Bifpham, in the County Palatine of Lancaf mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for ter, was tead a Second Time. making out new Lists of Men liable to serve in the Sup *

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Dent, plementary Militia. _

Mr. Gascoyne, See.: And they are to meet this Afteiv Then the House resolved itself into the said Com -noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee *

Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to cort- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

tinue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they

last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to em had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend *

" power His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-t( as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His port, when the House will please to receive the same.

* Person and Government." Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ( Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Com *

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, that they report to the House; and he read the Report in his had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ments thereunto, which they had directed him to re Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report port, when the House will please to receive the same. was read. '

Vol. 54. Cc Ordered *

98

26" — 270 Decembris.

A. 1798.

Ordered, That the said r Report be taken into further Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said . Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

4

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and _ Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

ftrred? de' next, resolvie itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. supply, de- Resolved» That this House will, upon Friday Morn-ferred. ing next, jefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, so eopfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

« And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Tea of the Clock.

yovisj 2 70 die Decembris; Anno 39° Georgii IIIul Regis, 2798. Praters.

Hey man, iworn.

jtOHN. EverordHeyman took the Oaths appointed,

in order to his Naturalization.

Terchema- Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Bifi^ reported. whom the Bill for naturalizing John Roger

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee, had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; #ftd he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

f , i. '

Martin's Nat. . Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Bill, reported. j}je jjm for naturalizing John Alexander Martin, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fan>e to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the-Clerk's Table,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafled.

should think proper, and if at any Time it should happen that a sufficient Number of Trustees should not attend to a«5t or to adjourn, then, and in every such Case, and from Time to Time afterwards, as often as it should so happen, the Meeting appointed to be then and there held, should be adjourned by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees for the Space of Fourteen Days, and be held at the same Place where such Meeting was then last appointed to be held, but the Treasurer or Clerk should cause Notice in Writing, jof all such Meetings, to be fixed upon the Market Houses in Bridgnorth and Bewdley aforesaid, and at or near the Meadow Wharf at Coalbrook Dale aforesaid, Seven Daye at the least before every such subsequent Meeting was held; and that, soon after the passing of the said Act. the Trustees, thereby appointed, held several Meetings, which were afterwards discontinued, without the Purposes for which the said Act was obtained, being carried into Effect, and the said Road or Towing Path has never been made; and that the principal Iron Masters, and others trading on the said River, are now xlefinous that the said Act should be carried into Effect, and that the making the said Towing Path, in the Manner directed by the said Act, would be advantageous to the Owners of Lands adjoining the River, and to the Owners of Barges and other Vessels navigat- 1 ing thereon, and beneficial to Trade in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling -the Petitioners to proceed in the Execution of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the '.Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa»

-mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to -them, to the House:

-. And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of !the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing John Ever ord Heyman, was Heyman' read a Second Time. SuSd.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Mamwaring, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's -Chamber.

wicke's Nat. . Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Bin, reponed. w]j0£n the Bill for naturalizing Johann George

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,: and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, Thrf the Bill be ingrafted.

Bewdley, &c. A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Towing Path, put in Execution an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of etiuon. the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and -keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses on the Banks of the River Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, for haling and drawing Vessels along the said River, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by the said Act it was, amongst other Things, enacted, that the Trustees thereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, should meet at the House of Ann Barney, known by the Sign of the P and Castle, at Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, on Saturday, the 27 th Day of June 1772, and proceed to the Execution of the said Act, and might then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and meet at the same Place, or at such xither Place or Places, and at such Time and Times, not exceeding the Space of Three Months from their last Meeting, as they, or any Five or more of them,

J

A Petition of Edward Bancroft, of Francis Street, in Dr.Bancroft' the Parish of Saint Pancras, and the County of Middle- re *

sex, Doctor in Physic, was presented to the House, and Notice , read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 14th Day of this Instant December, Notices were given in The London Gazette, and in The Edinburgh Evening Courant, Three different Days in the present Month of December, of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for prolonging the Term granted to the Petitioner, by an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting in Edward " croft, Doctor in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention " or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain MVegetables, for dying, staining, printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of " His Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick " upon Tweed, for a limited Timeand also for a Prolongation of the like Term, granted to him for the same Invention, by Letters Patent under the Seal, appointed by the Treaty of Union for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such -Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration -of a Committee: And that they do examine

39 Geo. III.

27° Decembris.

99

Mr. Coutts's Bill, present-cd.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Young, Mr. fice.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Rill to enable Coutts, Esquire,

Banker, to make a Communication between his Buildings on the opposite Sides of William , in the Parish

of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Citjr and Liberty of Westminster: And the same was received; and

read the Find Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time *

* Morning," and inserting the Words f Monday Morning next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words Tomorrow Morning" stand part of the Question;

It palfed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Monday Morning next" be inserted instead thereof;

It was relblVed in the Affirmative. -- Then the mam Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Matter of the said Complaint be adjourned till Mwday Morning next.

folbom Bridge and Sparrows Herne Road Bill, prefaced *

Grenada »d St. Vincent instalments Bill, passed *

Bill td continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pension Act *

and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilbnrn in the County of Middlesex, to ' , in the

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Mr. Mainwarbig presented to the House, according last Session -of Parliament, intituled, fi An Act to em- reported to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering power His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons " -- --- as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against

f His Person and Government," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the County of Hertford: And the same was receivedand House; and he read the Report in his Place { and after-,

read the First Time. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing further upon, were agreed to by the House.

Time for the Payment of Instalments to become due Order, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be -on certain Sums advanced, by Way of Loan, to certain ingrossed.

Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Grenada and Saint Vincent, be now read. ! To-toorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

And the said Order being read accordingly; ingrossed.

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the-Title Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report of Indie, An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment further Confederation the Report from the Committee of instalments to become due chi certain-Sums ad- of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the -vanced, by Way of loan, to certain Persons connected Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint; Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for Vincent. V v - 1 the Prdfeoution of the War; and to make more ef-

Ordered, That Sir William Young do Carry the Bill to feftual -Provision for the like Purpose, by granting cer-

London Docks, &c. Bill, deferred.

London Port Bill, deferred *

Xhe Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.-

The Order of the Day being read, for the Secofid Reading of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Baforis,

Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue,

within the Port of London;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon T\uefday, the 5th Day of February -next.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon agreed by the House.

» last, for reading a SecondTime, Tomorrow, the further Confederation of the said

for rendering more commodious, and for bet- Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, ter regulating, the Port of London, might be read. 7'

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursdoy, the 7 th Day of February next.

tain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, was re-committed, be now-read.

And the said Order beingread accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Confederation.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Confederation.

♦And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Report of

Volunteer

Complaint made of a Newspaper.

Complaint being made to the House,-of the Printed Newspaper, intituled, " The Times, , De-

" cember 26,1798" — London: — Printed at the Printing Office, in Printing House Square, Blackfriars, by C. Bell (Brunswick Street), and published by J. Bottfbr (Salisbury Square), as containing an Account of the Debates, and

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for exempting certain Persons, serving in Volunteer Corps, from being further con-ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain fidered Conditions, was committed, be now read. v

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by -the Committee to the said Bill, being severally. read a Second Time, were, misrepresenting the Speeches of some of the Members upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to of this House, in Contempt of the Orders, and in by the House.

Breach of the Privilege, of this House; Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The feid Paper was delivered in, und one -of the ingrossed.

Paragraphs complained of was read. Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-posed, That the further'Consideration of ithe Matter of groffedi the said Complaint be adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to MutmT Bill,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, de Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion,

Vot# 54. and

IOO

37° — i8° Dectmbris. 1798.

and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Thursday, the 14th Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The ther Order of the Day being read;

Bill to revive The Bill to revive and continue an Act, made in the iandfjud?ca- Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Mature Aa, jesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Ju-comnutted. dicature in the Island of , and the

" Islands adjacent," was read a Second Time.

ResolvedfThdX the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vener is, 28° De

% Anno 39 Georgii III. 5' Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

Kent and ADOLPHUS Kent and took

Grie , sworn. the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization; ,

' i \

NaTBUiV ^r‘ John Pitt reported from the Committee, to P^rtrd. whom the Bill for naturalizing John Heyman,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the ' Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

: and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Petition to Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to confirm an whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names for Nether are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Seal indofure; others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the reported. Manors or Lordships of Nether Seal and Over Sealy in the Parish of Nether S,in the County of was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been given, the Parties not being apprized that the Petition came within the said Standing Orders, the . present Application being only to confirm an Agreement for an Inclosure which has been made and com-t pleted ever since the Year 1756; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Articles of Agreement, dated the ad Day of July 1755 (between the several Parties interested) for inclosing certain Open Common Fields and Pastures, within the said Parish of Nether Seal, together with the Award made by the Commissioners therein named, dated the 23d Day of July 1756, were produced to your Committee: And, x

Mr. Ellis Shipley Pejlle, being examined, said, That, in pursuance of the said Agreement and Award, the several Allotments therein mentioned, were entered upon and possessed by the Parties to the said Agreement, and the fame have ever since been held and enjoyed by them, or their respective legal Representatives, pursuant to the said Award; and that several Sales of the Lands so allotted, have been made at various Times since the said Inclosure took place, without any Objection to the Title being made by any of the Purchasers; but that J)oubts have lately arisen, and feme of the Parties are unwilling to complete their Purchases, unless the said Division, Inclosure, Exchanges, and Award, are confirmed and established by Act of Parliament.

And the Witness added. That it would be of great Advantage to all the Parties interested, if an Act was pafifed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notice may be given, on Three Sundays in the Month of January next, by affixing the same upon the Church Door of the Parish of Nether Seal, in the County of Leicester, of the Application to Parliament for the Purpose mentioned in the said Petition.

A Petition of the Company of Proprletots of the petition of the IVyrley and EJfingtoti Canal Navigation, was presented to wyricy and the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was nai'(Smpany passed, in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His against Efling present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navi- gi^RaUway gable Canal from, or from near, IVyrley Rank, in the County of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, at or near the

Town of Wolverhampton, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts therefrom; and that another Act was passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign Of His present Majesty, for extending the said Wyrley and EJfington Canal, which Extension passes near the City of Lichfield, and communicates with the Coventry Canal; and that the Petitioners have proceeded to execute the said Acts, and have completed the Main Line of their Canal, and several of the Collateral Cuts, and also the Extension of their Canal, and have expended therein a very large Sum of Money; and that the said Canal, joining the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, and also the Coventry Canal, forms a commodious Communication betweens the Towns and Places adjacent, or lying near thereto, and also many other Canals, and thereby with the Ports of London,

Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull, much to the Advantage not only of Individuals, but of the Public at large; and that Henry Vernon, Esquire, of Hilton Park, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford, was the Proprietor of certain Mines of Coal in or near Effington Wood, in the Liberty of Effington, in the Parish of bury, in the said County; but that, in or about the Year 1789,. the said Henry Vernon conveyed the same (amongst other Estates and Hereditaments) unto James Hordern, of Wolverhampton aforesaid, for the Benefit of the Creditors of him the said Henry Vernon, and such Mines,

Estates, and Premisses, are now in the actual Possession of him the said James Hordern, as Trustee as aforesaid; and that the Petitioners were induced to undertake the Making of the said Wyrley and Effington Canal, for the Purpose of conveying Coals from the Mines adjoining or lying near thereto, to Wolverhampton, Lichfield,

Waif all, and several other Towns,'and the Country adjacent, and also to the said several other Canals, but principally from the Assurances they had received from the said Henry Vernon, that the Produce of his said Coal Mines should be conveyed along the fame; and that all the Coals the said Henry Vernon has raised from his said Mines, except a small Part which has been taken away by Land Carriage for the Supply of the Neighbourhood, have passed along the said Wyrley and, Effington Canal, although the said Henry Vernon has, from Time to Time, advanced the Price of his1 Coal considerably above what the Petitioners were led to suppose it would

39 Geo. III.

28° Decembris.

101

be} and that the Petitioners have seen a Bill depending port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the in the House, to enable Henry Vernon, Esquire, his Heirs Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as and Assigns, to make and maintain a Railway or Road followeth;

from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of Effington, in To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, The the Parish of Bushbury, in the County of Stafford, to the London Gazette of the loth, 22d, and 25th Days of this Staffordshire and Worcefershire Canal, in the Liberty of Instant December, and The Edinburgh Evening Courant, of Little Saredon, in the said County, with such Wharfs the 20th, 22d, and 24th Days of this Instant,

and other Works as shall be deemed expedient for the were produced to your Committee, containing Notices Use and Convenience thereof; and that the said Rail- of an Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in way or Road is intended to be made for the private Use a Bill for prolonging the Term granted to the Petitioner, of the said Henry Vernon, and for the Purpose of con- by an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of veying the Cods from his said Mines (which have His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act forfeiting in

hitherto passed along the said Wyrley and Canal as aforesaid) into another Canal, which will deprive the Petitioners of the Advantages they would otherwise receive from the same being carried along their Canal, and which Advantages, they conceive, they ate fully entitled to expect from the A durances of the said Henry Vernon as aforesaid; and that the said Bill will also in other Respects be highly injurious to the Petitioners:

Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables, for dying, staining, printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of ‘His Majesty's 'Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Timeand

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them- also for a Prolongation of the like Term granted to him, selves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the for the same Invention, by Letters Patent under the Seal same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners "'J L~ T1- r - -

may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie'upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the

appointed by the Treaty of Union for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House'upon the 14th Day of this Instant December.

The House was moved. That the Report, which, upon

Griw Nat. Bill, committed.

Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, the 14th Day of this Instant December, was made from against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they the Committee, to whom the Petition of think fit. croft, of Francis Street, in the Parish of

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at and County of Doctor in Physic, was

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against ' referred, might be again read,

the said Petitionr And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for A Bill for naturalizing John Lawrence Gries, was read enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, of an a Second Time. Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting

John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet " in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, his Execu-

tes Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's " tors, Administrators,_and Assigns, the sole Property

Bill ordered.

Kent's Nat. Bill, committed.

Tefchema-cher's Nat. Bill, palled

Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Adolphus Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Roger Tfche-macher ,was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Roger Tefchemacher.

of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables, for dying, staining, " printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours, " throughout that Part of His Majesty's Kingdom of " Great Britain, called England, the Dominion of Wales, " and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a linvted " Time;" and for extending the same to and throughout that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for a Time to be limited: And that Sir William Toung and Mr. Bryan Edwards do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Debtors confined for Debt in His

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Majesty's Gaol in and for the County of Stafford, was

Stafford Debtors Petition.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Martin'. Nat. Bill, passed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Alexander Martin, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Alexander Martin.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

presented to the House, and read Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Wicke's Nat. Bill, passed.

A Petition of the Most noble Augufus Henry Duke of Grafton, Knight of the Most noble Order of the Garter, and also the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Johann George being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested Wicke, was read the Third Time. in, divers uninclosed Lands and Grounds in the Liber-

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ties and Precincts of Green s Norton, and Hamlet of be. An Act for naturalizing Johann George Wicke. Duncott, in the Parish of Green's Norton, in the County

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read;

Green's Norton Inclosure Petition.

Dr. Bancroft' Petition, relative to Notices, reported.

Setting forth. That there are, within the Liberties and Precincts of Green's Norton, and Hamlet of Duncott, in the Parish of Green's Norton aforesaid, divers Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste, in which the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Young reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Bancroft, of Francis Street, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, and County of Middlesex, Doctor in Physic, was referred; That the other Proprietors lie greatly intermixed and dispersed in Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- small Parcels, and, in their present State, cannot becon-tion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it veniently and advantageoully cultivated or improved; appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re- but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Vol. 54. „ - Dd Parts

102

28° Decembris.

A. 1798.

Parts thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein,

according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would tend greatly to their Advantage, and to the Improvement of their respective Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Liberties and Precincts of Green's , and Hamlet of in the Parish of Green's Norton aforesaid, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. have agreed to Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

cloilireaBian" The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Shropham, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Volunteer Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Corps Ex- Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for exempting cer-pTifed?nB . ta‘n Persons, serving in Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 39. To leave out from the End of the Line, to " punctually," in Pr. 4. 1. 2.

Pr. 4. 1. 3. To leave out from " at," to " the," in 1. 5.

1. 8. To leave out " which shall be duly," and insert " allowed and, " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for exempting, during the present War, certain Persons serving in Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions; and for making out new Lists of Men liable to serve in the said Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to conti- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Co6 iw Suf Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a pension Ait, Time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of paired. Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty " shall Cufpeft are conspiring against His Person and " Government," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-first Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, in-. tituled, " An Act to empower His Majesty to secure " and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect " are conspiring against His Person and Government."

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (V y.) being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause (Y y.) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, for appointing Commercial Commissioners in Trading Towns, being read a Second Time, several Amendments were made thereunto.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after the Words " King's Lynn," the Words " Poole and Dartmouth."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

And it appearing that several other Amendments were proposed to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed, with respect to the said Amendments.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill;

- which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Saturday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into'a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of IJis present Majesty, intituled. " An Act for elbtblishing Courts of Judicature ' in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent."

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Sabbati,

Report on Income Duty Bill, further con llde red.

Bill again recommitted.

Considered.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, defer- red.

Newfoundland Judicature Bill, deferred.

30 Geo HI 290 — 31 0 D 103

Sabbat i, 290 die Decembris;

Anno 390 Georgii III. " Regis, 1798. Prayers.

GrittNat. Ty>TR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Bill, reported, whom the Bill for naturalizing John Lawrence

Gries, was committed; That the Committee had ex-'amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Kent's Nat. Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Bill, reported, the Bill for naturalizing Adolphus , was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Hfyman's An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Everard Hey-Nat. BUI, paf- matt, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Everard Heyman.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Herrin °Fish- Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the «ries, nto be Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the considered. British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ^djudica- ° resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, cure Bill. upon the Bill to revive and continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of " Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the " Islands adjacent," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

income Duty Mr. John Smyth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to reported.' ' repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, was again re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, respecting the Appointment of Commissioners for Cities and Towns, which are Counties of themselves.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

V o l. 54.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for assessng West India Property by the Commercial Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Mode in which the Commercial Commissioners shall be afieffed, when there shall be a sufficient Number to form themselves into separate Committees.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,.to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added t<? the Bill, for the Assessment of such Commissioners, where ther are not a sufficient Number to form fepatate Committees.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that Certificates of Money paid info the Bjink, shall be received in Payment of Duties.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon tire Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that no Allowance shall be made, where the Income has been charged on an Average, in the same of a Variation of Income, unless upon Failure: of the Property.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, that certain Commissioners may have a mixed Qualification.

And the said, Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunes, 310 die Decembris;

Anno 39 Georgii III. " Regis, 1798.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Adolphus Kent, Kent's Nat. was read the Third Time. BU1' I^red‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Adolphus Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry ^ke Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Lawrence Gries Nat. Gries, was read the Third Time. P31 6 1'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Lawrence Gries.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of George Bong was presented to the House, Bong's Nat. and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in pr ‘

a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Mainzvaring do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 1

A Petition

104 3X° Decembris.1798.

Pierre Papil- A Petition of Pierre Jacques Papillon and Pierre km'sj&c.Nat. Papillon was presented to the House, and read; eution. Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Mainwaring do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Adrien Papil-lon's Nati Petition.

Dr, Bancroft's Patent Bill, presented.

Mr. Coutts's Bill, committed.

Kilburn Bridge and Sparrow's Herne Road Bill, committed.

Ellington Railway Bill« deferred.

A Petition of Adrien Charles Papillon was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Mainwaring do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Young presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Phylie, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the " lole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the " Use and Application of certain Vegetables, for dying,

" staining, printing, and painting, certain valuable Co-

lours, throughout that Part or His Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion " of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Timeand for extending the same to and throughout that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable Thomas Esquire, Banker, to make a Communication between his Buildings on the opposite Sides of William Stre, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Bytig, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon

the 17th Day of this Instant December, for reading a Second Time, upon Friday the ift Day of February next, the Bill to enable Henry Vernon, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, to make and maintain a Railway or Road from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of in the

Parish of Bushbury, in the County of Stafford, to the Staffordshire and Wyrcejlershire Canal, in the Liberty of Little Saredon, in the said County, with such Wharfs and other Works as shall be deemed expedient for the Ule and Convenience thereof, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday, the 12th Day of February next.

Mr. kofepresented to the House, pursuant to the Account Directions of an Act of Parliament, presented s

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Produce of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, c''ll<yns' Ex for One Year, ended the 10th Day of 1798; dif- C e' C'

tinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year: And also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Custom Exchequer of the Duties of Customs in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 10th of October 1798: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties Excise. of Excise, for One Year, ended the 10th 1798:

And also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Stamp stamp Duties, for One Year, ended the 10th 1798:

And also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce paid fato the Incident . Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; 'distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 10th Day of October 1798.

Mr. Rose also presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Additions which have been made Additions to to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the In- charge o{ terest or Annuities of any Loan that hath been made, Debt, See. or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act, 27 Geo. III. Cap. 13. as required by the 72d Section of the said Act; and also, of the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year ended the 10th Day of October 1798.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth

> An ACCOUNT of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1798 j distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have.amounted to One Thousand Pounds, or more, in die Four Quarters of the said Year; viz.

r-

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1798, - - - - as Account (A.)

Ditto of the Excise, for One Year, ended Ditto (exclusive of £. 682,113, the Produce of

£ d-5>745>447 — 10 ♦

the Annual Malt Duties) - - - as Account (B.)

Ditto of the Stamp Duties, for One Year, ended Ditto, - as per Account (C.)

Ditto of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Account (D.) ——

L

9,099,641 15 il 3,262,160 12 —

2,838,210 — 9!

9»945>459 8 8 *

Memium:

In the Sum of £.2,838,210. os. 9 id.Rated in the Account of Incidents at the Exchequer, is included £.533,854. 12J. 5I d.being the Amount of Imprefts, and other Monies paid within the above Period."

Presented pursuant to an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the 31st Day of December 1798, by George Rose.

i An

39 Geo. III.

310 Decembris. 105

(A.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of CUSTOMS, in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to One Thousand Pounds or more, in the Four Quarters ending the 10th 1798.

1 SPECIES of GOODS. tfjt Produce, subject to ne Payment of Bounties, ^uaiges of Management, Sec.

£. s. d.

Allies, Pearl and Pot - - - - 3,489 18 3i

Barilla - -- -- - 29,850 8 i|

Books, bound and unbound - - 1,200 9 8

Bottles, Glass ----- - 1,148 9 9

Brimflone ----- -- 15,646 11 9 *

Bristles, undreft ----- 6,006 15 *

Bugle, Great ----- - 0 OV 1

China Ware ----- - 2,438 16 9

Copper, unwrought - - - - 973 2 Si

Cordage ----- -- 1,409 11 if

Cork - -- -- - 6,077 12 11

Corn, Oats ----- -- I3»i37 7 8

__ W/ — nQ 16 It

W 11C(U Almcnds, Bitter - - - - < O jv 1 v 4 1,009 1 5

Benjamin ----- - 4O6 3 l°i

Borax, refined - - - - 210 6 7

Buds of Cassia - - - - 336 15 i£

Camphire, ynrefined - - - Si6 — 91

Cassia Fiftula ----- 949 l9 2

— Lignea ----- 5°S 9 7 *

Cortex Peru - 3,179 18 ni

Cream of Tartar - - - - 774 16 1

Gum Senegal ----- 1,428 18 ii

CO Jalap ----- -- 1,302 4 1

O Juniper Berries - - - - 2,733 8 IO"

£ I Manna ----- -- 8'3 5 Si

V U Oil, Palm ----- - 1,238 9 11

Q Perfumed - - - - 1,255 10 2

Turpentine - - - - 1,831 7 ioj

Opium ----- -- 1,014 11 2

Quicksilver 6,541 1 7»

Rhubarb ----- - 3,870 10 31

Saccarum Saturni - - - 2,176 8 11

Sarsaparilla ----- 218 15 3i

Senna ----- -- 1.979 — H

Succus Liquoritiae - - - 9,220 12 7i

s Verdigrease ----- 868 n 4

Dye Stuffs, &c. Smalts - - - 11,982 7 8

Elephants Teeth ----- 1.587 6 4 *

Feathers for Beds - - - 7,660 — 10

Fish, Anchovies - - - 628 11 5?

Fruit, Lemons and Oranges - - 17,200 19 ii

— N uts, small ----- 1,918 1 10

Glass Plates ----- - 4,320 8 10

SPECIES 9f GOODS.

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Charges of Management,

Sec.

£ d.

r A1 monds, Jordan

----- ---- not Jordan

Annifceds - -

Cloves -

Cocoa -

Coffee -

Currants - -

Figs -

Ginger - -

Mace -

Nutmegs - -

Pepper - -

O [ Pimento - -

O Prunes -

& f Denia -

O I Faro - -

! I Lexia -

\ Lifari - -

Smyrna v - -Solis - -

Succads - -

Sugar, Brown -

Tamarinds - - -Tea - -

wTurmeric - - - .

OS

P4

1,768 7 ioi 1,669 19 — i 254 »5 7 3,908 13 io£ 2,942 5 11

45,380 6 9

68,401 6 iof

5,609 6 9I

2 9 .' 39 — i 2,196 16 1

3,098 18 io£

22,137 >5 5

4,858 1 4i

2,620 8 2

28,570 4 6| 820 16 — 10,498 7 2

6,562 11 7f 6.259 8 iij

18,891 18 — 1,174 1 2

1,782,66 6 5 61

784 3 132,208 2 11 £

i»435 6 5

Hair, HoHe -

---- Human -

Hats, Chip -

— Straw -

Hemp, rough - - -Hides, Horse -

----- -Indian -

— ----- - Lolh -

- Ox or Cow -

523 1 5 462 6 6

1,209 !7 ,0£

592 — 3‘ 138,195 19 — 1,726 9 10

2,107 14 3i 8,845 6 5 2,826 7 4

Incle, wrought Iron, Bar Cast -

Kelp - r

t,2o8 12 II 152,587 3 «°

329 15 6f

1,468 5 11

Cambricks -

Canvas Heflens - -

Spruce -

Damalk Tabling, Silefta - -Diaper Napkening, Silesia Drilling - -1 - -

g J Germany, narrow, not above 7

3l 3 ----- J

470 16 1 £

10,662 14 5?

4,685 5 6£

1,123 16 2

258 16 i£ 5,067 15 4i

35,87! 7 — I

Vol. 54.

Ee

f Continued,)

ic$

31° Decembris.

A\ 1798.

SPECIES of GOODS.

Russia, broad, above 22f

----- ----- --- above 31!

----- ----- --- above 36 - -

----- narrow - -

---- — Towelling and Nap- 7

kening - - - 3

Manufactured and unmanufactured Articles of India Mats, Russia - --- Ivlolafl'es ——

Oil, ordinary

---- Sal lad -

--- Train -

Paper ——

Pictures ——

Piece Goods of India, Muslins

- ----- ----- --Nankeens

---- prohibited

Pitch

Salt Petre ——

Seeds, Clover -

Shells, Mother of Pearl - -

( Bengal, Raw - -

1 China, Raw -

r=: \ Italian, Raw - -

Thrown -

Wade ——

on

'Ji

CO

Bear, Black -Beaver - -

Calf, Raw

--- fanned -

Deer in Hair Fojc, ordinary Kid, dressed -

--- undressed

Martin - -

Mink - - Mufqualh -

Otter - - Raccoon - -

Seal -

OVolf - -

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Charges of Management, &c.

Snuff - - - -Soap, Hard - -

Spirits, Brandy - -

----- -r Geneva

— Rum - -

Tar -

Thread, Sifters T obacco Tow - -

Turpentine -

Wax, Bees - -

Canary French - -

c / Madeira \ Portugal I Rhenish I Spanish

s. d.

37,73° 9 if

2,396 8 7f

12,069 12 5i

9,911 — 2

2,213 5 2f

5,396 13 1

1,291 15 7i

499 5 7i

6,702 1,656 15 3

10 2

5,349 8 5

2,296 — ' 8f

52° 5 uf

47,443 2 9

4.877 12 8

8,642 8 2

412 11 7

462 14 2f

5,206 16

3,624 17 2f

12,513 8 II

11,552 — IO

3°,5°9 1 Uf

I56,7i7 12 II

1,871 18 8

4,625 4 2

683 18 1

5,085 15 8

11,570 — uf

3,624 2 H

660 18 if

1,420 15 7f

3,47i 16 5f

i,7°o 8 1 4

131 14 4

548 2 4l

401 8 9^ io£

368 7

2,134 7 3f

97i 12 7i

414 13 7

1,092 IS uf

37>°34 16 9

23,706 18 7i

75,377 11 uf 1

5,612 7 81

725 15 —

273,165 5 —

3,7i5 6 6

10,654 16

6,379 8 1 r

42

20,782

I7>763

633.143

2,307

95,121

5

6

9

11

2

8

SPECIES of GOODS.

Yarn, Cotton — Mohair

3

o

-a

3 9

— to

-a

o

_D J,

6

8f

ioi

6

8f

5 *

Balks - - -Battens - -

Boards, Paling ----- ---- Scale

3

Deals -

Deal Ends Lathwood Mahogany Mads -Piank, Oak -Staves - -

Timber, Fir -

----- - Oak -

Users -

.Wainscot, Logs

AJlum - -

Coals - -

Lead -

Tin -

Cochineal -

Indigo - -

Skins, Beaver - -Salt, Rock - -Other Subsidy Articles

s " ( Coals - - . - -Stones and Slates -

US (

iv _____

3 c§ i. Wine

Coails and Salt, 1795 - -

King's Share ofcondemned Tobacco

<From the Inspector of Corn? Returns - - - - 3

----- the Receiver General 7

of Excite, for Wine fold

3(

u '

— the Receiver of Fines? and Forfeitures - - 3

Xj

X

—— the Earl of ,7

on Account of Corn - 3

On Account of bonded Wine 7 V. in Scotland - - - 3

Remittances from the Plantations

Received from the Receiver Ge-' neral of the Counties, on Account of Windows, by the 1 24th Geo. III. -

Sundry small Articles, the Duties! of which have not amounted v to £.1,000 each - - - j

Total - - j£.

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, Charges of Management, &c.

3>992

12,380

1,672

1,006

161,910

4 >9°S 2,73i 5,819 7,262 6,105 19,903 65,878 645

1,157

2,650

s. d.

10 5i 19 7 4 2

14 — f 12 iof 7 5

— i

9

2

16 1

8

11 5

17

11

nf

if

14 nf

18 if

14 2

80 5 8f

37 2 9

1,366 17

94,736 1

21,728 2

5,925 14 62 10 10,159 16 506

3,989 5>227

4f

7i 9li if

4f 14 11

nf

5

584,988 12 7i 15,059 5 8

1,871 7 nf

20,08 in 9

688'13 2

689 11 10 61 4 — f

5,421 14 4

23,95° — —

4,187 12 9f 30,897 14 nf

189,022 7 3! 73,205 2 iof

5,745,447 — i°f

( Continued.)

39 Geo. Ill, 31

107

GENERAL STATEMENT of the preceding ACCOUNT.

CHARGE.

Net Produce brought forward

,ght J

Total - - £.

5,745 447 — xo|

5,745,447 — ioi

DISCHARGE.

By Bounties

By - D° - for raising Seamen

Re-payments on Over Entries and Damaged Goods _ _ _ _

Paid towards the Support of His Majesty's Civil Government in

Scotland ....

Charges of Management -

U

P CT

xj

-C

u

X

a

o

-C

w

o

w

c

On Consolidated Cudoms - -

— Sugar ——

— Paper ——

— Bricks and Tiles - -

— Slates and Stones -

— Fruit, Silk, &c. -

— Coals and Salt - -

— Wine....

— Sugar, Bricks, &c. including? ,

5 and 10per Cent.- - J79

— Pepper, Sec.- - - - - 1797

— Plate.....1797

1791

1794

1794

1794

1795

1795

1796

£- s.

3>4 7,39o 12 6

- 269,367 7 8i

- 6,641 19 9$

i67 9 3? 3.539 9 IO *

- 103,812 7 101

- 18,180 2 —

455>95 5 *

- 369,871 18 —

- 111,939 5 5

3 3 4 *

Total -

>£ tit

481,873 1 — 1

2,058 15 j 23,944 6 5 39,319 2 2 *

43 >385 H u

4,766,866 1 —

5>745,447 — ioi-

Inspector General's Office, Thomas Irving,

Cudom House, London, Dec 3d, 1708. Inspector General of the Imports and

* Export of Great Britain,

Note. — In the above Account, the Duties imposed by the Act of the last Session of Parliament, Chap. 76 (commonly called The Convoy Act), are not'includedj because some Part of those Duties were Bonded, the Merchants being unable to ascertain the true Value of the Goods at the Time the Entries were made.

The Payments into the Exchequer, from the Commencement of the said Act (viz. the 5th )to the 10th of Oftoler lad, on Account of these Duties, amounted to 246,494. 5 5 but this Sum conveys no adequate Idea

of the probable Produce of the Duty, because a great Proportion of the Sums collected at the Out Ports within the Quarter, had not reached the Exchequer on the 10th of as the Duties are remitted from thence by Bills

payable 30 Days after Date.

Vol. 54,

(B.) An

io8

31° Decembris.

A. 179&

(B.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Duties of E X CIS E, for One Year, ended the

10th October 1798.

ARTICLES.

Auctions and Auction Licences -Brer -

Bricks and Tiles - -

Candles, and Licences to Manufacturers of D° -Coaches, and Coachmakers Licences -Cocoa Nuts and Coffee -Cyder, Perry, and Venuice -

Glass....

Hides, Skins, Vellum and Parchment -

Hops ——

Malt, perpetual - - , -

Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar -

Printed Goods ——

Sope ——

Spirits IlrUiIb....

r I Foreign - -

Starch -

Sweets ——

Tea - - -....

Tobacco and Snuff, and Licences for felling and ma-7-nufacturing D - - - - - J

Wine.....-

Wire....

g f Dealers in Coffee, Chocolate, or Tea 53 1 Makers of and Dealers in Fxcifeable Commodities c < Retailers of Spirituous Liquors -o I Ditto, of Wine -

3 [_ Sellers of Gold and Silver Plate -

Commenced 7 e f -

C Jan. 1791 3 Pir‘ Foreign -

22 Feb. 1704 Ditto \ " ' ‘

'y I Foreign -

29 March 1794, Bricks and Tiles -

6 April 1794, Paper -

18 April 1794, Glass -

04 Fa. .795, Spirits 1 I I

r Wine -

24 Feb. 1795 < Cocoa Nuts and Coffee

f Sweets -

17 March 1795, Tea- - -

7 Dec. 1795, Tobacco ——

18 April 1796, Wine -

20 May 1796, Sweets -

s Dec. 1796 i£°caoa.Nuts: : ::

10 Dec. 1796, British Spirits - -

D° - - Foreign D® -

,79«: :: ::

Amount of Perpetual Duties - - -Malt, Annual - -

Total - - - /.

ENGLAND. % SCOTLAND TOTAL.

£. s. d. £- 1- S. d.

92.989 — — 4,000 9'>989 — . —

2,263,577 21,000 2,284,577

81,411 — — 2,500 83,901

209,809 — — 4,500 214,309 — —

1,651 500 2,151

28,780 — 28,780 — —

10,086 — 10,086 — —

115,211 — — 11,500 126,711

241,658 — — 12,000 253,658

67,83i — 67,831

721,877 18,000 739,877

21,710 — 21,710 — —

234,279 44,000 278,279

368,^38 15,500 383,938 — —

407,474 28,500 435,974

607,631 . 42,500 650,131

50,594 1,500 52,094

9»532 — 9,532

536,1.4 15 ii — 536,114 15 Ij

315,910 44>oco 359>910

110,234 16,000 126,234

3,447 — 3,447

14,474 2,000 16,474

43»634 2,500 46,134

15,591 14,000 164,591

29,950 — 29,950

8,523 500 9,023

69,323 — 69,323

122,278 — — 10,000 132,278

69,418 — 69,418 — — -

121,992 — — 12,000 133 992

49,890 1,000 50,890 — —

131,025 19,500 15^,525

43.787 — 43'737

68,329 23,500 9 ,829 — —

122,217 — — 11,500 133,717

198,990 27,500 226, 93 — —

24,093 — 24,'93

5.943 1 — 5,943

211,832 — 211,832

141,585 20,000 161,585

198,102 — — 3,000 201,102 — —

6,115 6,115

2,839 — 2,839

159,258 — 159,258 -

59 778 33,000 92,778

69 654 — — — 69,'>54

21,805 — 21,805 — — »

7,973 7,973 /

8,653,641 15 ij 446,000 9,099,641 15 I;

674,113 8,000 632,113

9»327,754 15 i 454,000 9,781,754 15 *

Excise Office, 1 London, > icth NuV 1798. J

Ja' Webb, Accomp Gen1.

(C.) An

39 Geo. III.

310 Decem

109

(C.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the STAMP DUTIES for One Year, ended

the loth October 1798.

, £ s. d.

Consolidated Duties - - - - 00 00 t 00 II 8

Insurance - - - - 1782 m - - 32»495 3 5

Plate - - m 1784 - - - 24,542 4 9

Race Horse - - - - 1784 - - - 656 19 7

Stage, &c. Duty - - - 1785 - - - 267,738 2 3

I Medicine m - 1785 1 - 11,653 7 9

Game - m m 1785 - - 36,317 7 4

Attornies - m - - 1785 - mm - 41,119 3 6-

Pawnbrokers - - - - 1785 - - - 4,5 4 5 1

Perfumery - - - - 1786 - - - 2,479 11 2

Scotch Duty m - 1786 - - - i,345 — 2

Additional Game - - - - 1791 - - - 7,438 1 3

Bills of Exchange - - - - 1791 - - - 126,106 16 8

Receipts - m W 79 - - - 47,464 11 —

Additional Attornies' Clerks - m - 794 - - - 16,760 1 4

Hair Powder Certificates - m 795 - - - 157,678 6 3

Additional Stamps - - m - 795 m - - 3 , 777 18 3

Additional Receipts - - mm 795 - - - 7,278 3 5

Sea Policies m m m 795 m mm - 96,059 8 9

Horse Dealers' Licences - - - l79$ - - 1,217 3 8

Legacies - - - - 1796 - - mm 82,684 8 5

Hats - - - 796 - - - 50,895 14 9

Additional Duty on Stage Coaches - m 797 - - - 53,i o 8 10

Deeds, &c. - - - - m 797 - - - 547,959 5 ' —

Armorial Duty - - - 1798 - - 7 373 — —

Apprentice Duty - - - 1710 - - - 7,005 7 9

I-

2,262,160 12 —

Stamp Office, 19th November 1798.

Ch' Steelman,

Dep r Compt' and Accomp Gen1.

Vol. 54.

F f

(D.) An

I IO

31° Decemb

A. 1798'

(D-)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into, the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of INCIDENTS} distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to One Thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters ended the 10th Day of October 1798.

Consolidated Letter Money -D - - Salt - -

Seizures -

6d. Lib. on Pensions -

I s. Lib. on Salaries -

Houses and Windows - -

Inhabited Houses - -

Hawkers and Pedlars -

Hackney Coaches and Chairs -

Male Servants -

Four-wheeled Carriages -

Two-wheeled Carriages -

Horses ——

First Fruits - - -'

T enths -

Alienation Duty -

Lottery Licences -

The Produce of Duties under £. 1,000 within the same Period, amounts to

Money paid by Claude Scott, on Account of Com, &c. fold for the Use of Government -D° - - by Abraham Newland, on Account of the Commissioners of Exchequer Bills -

D° - - by Abraham Newland, being an Excess of Interest on £. 194,000 in Exchequer Bills -

D° - - by Edward Roberts, being the Residue of the Exchequer Fees, applicable to the Consolidated Fund ——

D# - - by Meflfrs. Puget and Co. for Interest on Lrish Annuities - -

D° - - by the Commissioners, for the Sale of Dutch Prices ——

D° - - by George Roje, for Post Fines -

D° - - by Stephen Davies, in Part of a Bond of £ii8 -

D° - - by William Milford, on Account of George Ricketts, Governor of

Barbadoes ——

D° - - by the Right Honourable William Pitt, transmitted by a Person unknown

D° - - by Charles Townshend, for Interest on Tontines ——

D° - - by John Newman, in Part of a Penalty of £.8

D - - by John Charlton, Agent to a Corps of Invalids - -

I s. d.

658,000 — —

446,702 — — *

49,150 5 10

52>693 — —

68,705 16 8£

339,°55 18 — I

172.87 3 17 4

5.719 3 6

24,000 — —

12,934 13 8t

167,897 5 10

5 »834 1 9

35.403 6 2 i

3.549 9 —

9,872 5 6k

1,798 19 4

2,433 3 6

2,302,624 6 3i

»73 2 —

2,304,355 8 3i

I- s. d.

65,000 — —

37,3oo — —

576 II 4

53>963 6 4

228,302 1 8

50,000 —

,796 — 9k

25 18 —

393 7 3

2 — —

2 20 11 —

6 7 —

— — 6

Imprest

39 Geo. III. 31° Decem. 111

c s. d.

Imprest Money repaid by the Executors of Richard Rigby - - - - 38,506 5 7

D" - - by the Executors of William Erummell, Agent to the Out-Pensioners of Hospital - 5>927 2 _

D° - - by Henry Heddane, Secretary to Lord Cornwallis - - - 54 8 IO

D° - - by George Smith, Agent for the Bahama Islands - - . 9 1 51

D® - - by the Executors of Robert Pringle, Lieutenant Colonel of Royal Engineers - 83 3 10

D® - - by Mathew Fcrfter, Commissary for Stores at the Leeward Islands 1,410 4 n

D° - - by John Carden, Adjutant and Quartermaster at Montreal 45 3 1

D®' - - by Thomas Hartcup, Commandant in North America - 11 10 7

D° - - by Sir John Hailing, late Governor of Jamaica - . - - -s 244 9

D® - - by William Chinnery, Agent for New South Wales ----- 1,692 2 10

D° - - by Thomas Rudfdell, Barrackmaster at Corsica - - - 64 9 7

D° m - by Sir John Macnamara Hayes, Physician in North America - 344 11 9

D® - - by Henry Edward Fox, Quartermaster General - - - - 276 10

D® - - by Thomas Bullock, Agent for Senegamb'ta - - 1,550 — —

D® - - by Sir Thomas Shirley, for contingent Expences at Dominica - 39 .4 9

D® - - by Alexander Davison, Commissary to the Army under Earl Moira 4 66 6 8

D" \ - - by William Macarmick, late Governor of Cape Breton - - - 287 15 41

D® - - by Henry Hughs, for printing the Journals of the House of Commons 9 4 9

D' - - by General Woodley - -- - 45 4 —

D" - - by the Executors of J. Durand, by the Hands of Joseph White - 27,630 II 4

D» - - by C. Harrison, on Account of Brigadier General Hope - 3>372 9 9

D® - - by John Hatjell, Clerk to the House of Commons - - 192 16 9

D® - - by Samuel Bean, Commissary to the Army in South America 265 13 —

D® - . - by William B. Clinton, Barrack Matter at Plymouth - - - 79 — 6

D® - - by Thomas Cotton, late Paymaster to the American Loyalists - 1,700 — —

D® . - - by the Representatives of the Right Honourable George Grenville, late Treasurer of the Navy - - - - 3»934 6 5

D® - / - by Thomas Buckholm, on Account of John Buckholm, Commissary General in the Mediterranean - -- - i,7c° —

D® - by Henry Edward Fox, Administrator to Lord Holland, late Paymaster of His Majesty's Forces - - - 5,000 — — .

D® - - by Lieutenant Colonel Twifs, Commander of Engineers in' Canada - 1,015 9 6t

D® — - by Thomas Lewis, on Account of John Macomb, Treasurer to the Army with General Burgoyne - - 40 1 7t

533.854 12 5t

' 2.304,355 8 3i

£ 2,838,210 — 9 *

Exchequer, the 26th Day of November 1798.

Ex'1 <fp

Grenville.

VOL. 54.

An

I I 2

D

'ecembris.

A. 1798.

An ACCOUNT of all ADDITIONS which have been made to the Annua! Charge of the PUBLIC subsequent to the passing of-an Act 27 Geo. III. Clip. 13; as required by the 72d Section of the iacurieu in respect of the fame? in the Year ended the 10th Day of 1798.

An ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the interest or Annuities for or on Account of any Loan which hath been made, or any Annuities which have been created, subsequent to die passing an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excile, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with other " Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, the Produce or Mar.ufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, u into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the " Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt,"

By Virtue of an Act 29 Geo. III. the Sum of £. 187,000 was raised by Annuities, after the Rate o(£. 1. ys. 9 d.per Cent, per Annum, for the Term of 18 £ Years, from the 5th of

April 17^9, and then to ceasej which Annuities were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of the 18th and 19th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, payable Half-Yearly at the Bank of England, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund} the Amount whereof, with the Charges of Management for the fame, for the Year ended the lothof 1798 - -

By Virtu.e cf one other Act of the same Session, the Sum of 1,002,500 was directed to I be raised by Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, distributed into Gaffes, and to be paid at the Exchequer, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund (but by cer-x 'tain Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments, a Deficiency was occasioned, whereby the Sum on which the Annuities were granted amounted to the Sum of £ 1,002,009); Part of which said Annuities, by an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, were converted into Annuities for a certain Term of 69 and £ Years, from the icrh of October 1790, and were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of Parliament of the First and Second years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequenc Acts, piyable at the Bank of England-, viz.

The Ch erge for the Annuities on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, for £. s. d. One Year, from the 10th of October 1797 to 10th October 1798 - - 42,861 1 —

Whereof has been referred at the Exchequer, for the Use of the Public, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Quarter ended £. s. d. tile 5th of January 1798 ----- -- 12,205 — 10

Reserved also at the Exchequer, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5'.h July 1798 - - - - 12,196 3 .4

----- ---- — ..... 24,401 4 2

£. s. d.

14,159 2 10

Whereby the Charge to the Public is reduced to - - 18,460 16 10

The Charge for Annuities and Management, payable at the Bank of England, for Annuities to continue 69 £ Years, for £. s. d. One Year, ended the jo:h of October 1798 - 24,639 7 2

The Charge incurred by G Atwood, Esqr, Inspector of I online Certificates, to defray the Expence attending the Execution of the above-mentioned Acts of Parliament -

The Charge for the Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells for their Service in executing the said Acts, for One Year, ended the icth C Elder 1798 ——

The Charge for Necessaries furnished by the Ulher of the Exchequer to the Officers for managing the le Annuities ——

700

SSo ——

420 8 9 J-

26,639 15 n I

Surplus of this Fund for the Year ended the 10th of October 1798

45,100 12 9 *

59A59 25 71

57.721 id 5

116,981 9 , I X

39 Geo. III.

319 Decembrts.

"3

D E BT, by the Interest or Annuities of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created Lid Ad: And also, of the PRODUCE of the several DUTIES granted for defraying the Charge

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Duties imposed for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the Annuities granted in pursuance of the following Acts; An Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of " Annuities and of one other Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Clafies Parc of which Annuities were, by an Act 30 Geo. III. Cap. 45, converted into Annuities for an absolute Term of Years viz.

1 '

The Produce of the Additional Duties on Horses, granted from the 5th of July 1789, for One Year, to the 10th of October 1798 ——

D° - - of the Additional Duties on Carriages, granted from D % for the same Time -

D9 - - of the Additional Duties on Newspapers, granted from the ift 1789,

for the same Time ——

D9 - - of the Additional Duties on Advertisements D° — of the Additional Duty on Cards -

D - - of the Additional Duty on Dice -D9 - - of the Duties on Legacies or Shares of Personal Estates D9 — of the Duties on Probates of Wills ~ 2

D *

D°

D *

D *

D *

VOL. 54.

Gg

3i° Decembris.

114

A. 1798.

By Virtue of an Act 33 Geo. III. the Sum of £.4,500,000. was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1793; the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £. 72 contributed and paid, to £.100 Capital Stock, after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, amounting to £.6,250,000, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £. 3 per Centum Annuities, consolidated by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts, and to commence from the 5th of January 1793.

The Charge in respect of the fame, for One Year's Annuity and Management, amounts to -

In pursuance of an Act 32 Geo. III. Cap. 55. directing the One-Hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created after the passing the said Act, there is set apart at the Exchequer, in rel'ped of the said Capital of £.6,250,000, and issued Quarterly to the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the

National Debt, the Annual Sum of ——

I9°>312 0 — -

62,500 — —

252,812 jo — -

By Virtue of an Act 34 Geo. III. the Sum of £. 11,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1794,

upon the following Terms;

The Contributors to be entitled, for every £ 100 contributed and paid, to £. too Capital at £.3 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th January 1794, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £.3 per Cent.Annuities, consolidated by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts; which for One Year, ended the 5th Day of July 1798, with £.4,950 per Annum for Management, amounts to

And to an Additional Capital of £.25. at £.4 per Cent, per Annum, to commence from the 10th of October 1793, making a Capital Stock of £.2,750,000, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the Capital Stock of £.4 Cent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of the 21st and 22d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts; which for One Year's Annuity, together with £.1,237. 10 for Charges' of Management, due 10th Oftcbef 1798, amounts so -

And also to an Annuity of 11 s.5 d.per Cent, on the said £. 11,000,000, to commence from the said loth October 1793, to continue for the Term of 66? Years, and to be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities, which by Two Acts of the id and 2d Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were granted for 99 and 98 Years, from the 5th of 761,

and the 5th of January 1762 respectively, and then to cease; which Annuity for One Year, together with £.706. 8 s. 1 id.for Charges of Management, due 10th 1798,

amounts to - - -'-

In pursuance of the Ad 32 Geo. III. directing the One-Hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created after passing the said Act, there is set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said £. 11,000,000. in £. 3 pir Cent. Annuities, and issued Quarterly to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Coininiftioners for reducing the National Debt, the Annual Sum of ——

And in respect of the Capital of £.2,750,000, in £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, created by the said Act 34 Geo. III. the further Annual Sum of ——

And also in respect of the future actual Value of the Annuities granted for 661 Years, at the End of 45 Years, the further Annual Sum of ——

By Two Acts 34 Geo. III. for granting Annuities in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills, such Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills, as were made out on or before the 31st of March 17 93, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled, were to be- entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to a Capital of£. 101 in Annuities, at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain £.5 per Cent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of the 24th and 25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to commence from the 5th of January 1794, whereby an Addition was

made to the said Capital Stock of £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, granted by the said Acts 24th and 25th Geo. III. of £. 1,926,525. 12 5 d.

The Annuity payable for the fame, together with £.866. l8r. 8 Id. for Management, for One Year, amounts to -

In pursuance of the above-mentioned Act of the 32d Geo. III. directing the One Hundredth Part of any Loan or Capital Stock created in respect of the said Act, there is set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the said Capital of £. 1,926,525. I2J. 5 d.and issued Quarterly to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, the Annual Sum of - 19,265 5 — -

£. s. d.

97A 93 4 31

‘ Surplus of this Fund for the Year ended the 10th of 0Haber 1798 - -

- \

L *

s. d.

334.950 ——

u»> 37 10 —

63.498

Si

110,000 — ____

27,500 ——

9,680 — _

116,458 9 3i

773.324 — 9

167,019 12 1 i

940,343 12 10 i

3 9 G eo, III. 310 Decembris. "5

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Duties directed by an Act 33 Geo. III. to be applied in Aid of the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Charge thereupon by the Annuity and Management on £.6,250,000, payable out of the said Fund j viz.

The Produce of the Additional Duties on British Spirits, continued by the above-mentioned Act, in the Year ended the 10th of October 1798 - - - £ d. 86,949

D® - - of the Additional Duties on Foreign Spirits, continued by D®, for the same Time - -- t 30,5 4 — —

217,463

Deficiency of this Fund to answer the Charge - - 35,349 10 —

£ 152,811 10 —

The Produce of the following Duties, granted or Continued by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increas'd Charge on the Consolidated Fund by Annuities, &c. established by several Acts 34 111. for One Year, ended the 10th Day of

October 1798.

The Net Produce of the Additional Duties on British Spirits, granted from 21st February

794 .....-

D° - -

of the Additional Duties on Foreign Spirits, granted from'D®

D® - - - of the Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attor-

nies, granted from the 5th February 1794 -

D® - - - of the Additional Duties of Excise on Bricks and Tiles, granted from the 28th of March 1794 - - - - ,

D® - - - of the Additional Duties of Customs on Bricks and Tiles, granted from D°

D® - - - of the Additional Duties on Glass, granted from the 17th April 1794 -

D® - - - of the Duties on Slate, Stone, and Marble, granted from 5th July 1794

D® - - - of the Duties of Excise on Distilleries, and on Licences to Distillers in Scotland, (after deducting therefrom £. 27,000, Part of the Annual Sum of £.36,000) - -

Da - - - of the Duties of Excise on Paper, granted from

5th April 1794 -

D® - - of the Custom Duties on D®

Deduct,

The Annual Sum directed by an Act 34 Geo. III. Cap. to be set apart out of these Duties, and carried to the Consolidated Fund

L d.

159,961 ——

7,699 10 11 167,660 10 11

75,000 ——

The Produce of the Duties on Sugar ——

D® - - of the Stamp Duties on Certificates issued for killing Game

D® -D® -

of the Duties on Bills and Receipts (after deducting £.128,600 per Annum carried to the Consolidated Fund) -

of the £. 10 per Cent.on Assessed Taxes ——

£. s. d.

87,655 ——

127,235 — —

16.760 1 4

48.760 — —

167 9 4

43,569 _ — 13,657 18 6

122,212 15 —

92,660 io 11 274,877 16 4i J7>433 i 3

44)97 7 8

50,378 12 6|

94°>343 1 *

Vol. 54.

( Continued.)

V

3i° Decem.

11

A. 1798.

By Virtue of an Act 35 Geo. III. the Sum of £. 18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1795; the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, to £.100 Stock in Annuities, at £. 3 Cent, to commence from the 5th of January 1795, and to be incorporated into, and made One Joint Stock with, the £.3 per Cent.Consolidated Annuities, which were granted by Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33

Geo. II. and by several subsequent Acts; and also to £.33. in Annuities, at £.4 per Cent, to commence from the 10th of October 1794, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain £.4 per Cent. Annuities, established by Two Acts of Parliament of the 20th and 21st Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and several subsequent Acts; and by the said Act also a further Annuity of 8 per Cent.per for a

certain Term of 65 $ Years, to commence from the toth of October 1794; and also, by One other Act of the same Session, to an Additional Annuity of 1 s.per Cent, per Annum from the same Time, and for the same Term, making together 9 s. 6d. per Cent, per Annum, and to be together incorporated into, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, which were granted for 99 and 98 Years, from the 5th of 1761,

and the 5th of January 1762 (and then to cease) and were made One Joint Stock of Annuities with, certain other Annuities, by divers Acts of His Majesty's Reign; All which several Annuities, and the Charges attending the fame, are charged upon, and made payable out of,' the Consolidated Fund; viz.

The Annual Charge in respect of £.18,000,000, at £.3 per Cent, per , granted by the said Act, commencing from the 5th of January 1795, including £.8,100 Annum for Management, amounts to ——

The Annual Charge of the said £.4 per Cent. Annuities of £.33. 6 s. 8 for each £. 100 contributed, making a Capital of £.6,000,000 commencing from the 10th of October 1794, including £.2,700 per Annum for Management, amounts to -

The Annual Charge of 9 s.6d. per Cent, per Annum on the said £.18,000,000, commencing from the said 10th of October 1794, to continue 65 i Years, including . £.961. 17 r. 6 d.for Management, amounts to ——

The One-Hundredth Part of the said £.18,000,000, to be set apart at the Exchequer, and ifllied to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, pursuant to the Ad 32 Geo. III. will amount to the Annual Sum of - - - - .

£. s. d.

548,100 — —

242,700 — —

86,461 17 6

18 o,coo — —

The One-Hundredth Part of the said £.6,000,000 in £.4 Annuities, to be let

apart at the Exchequer, and issued to the Bank, to be carried to the Account of the said Commissioners, will amount to the Annual Sum of ——

The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, to be issued to the Bank, and to be carried to the Account of the said Commissioners, in respect of the Value of the Annuities granted for 65 I Years, at the End of 45 Years, amounts to -

60,coo — —

1^835 ——

By an Act 35 Geo. III. for granting Annuities to satisfy Navy and Victualling Bills, such Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills as were made out on or before the 30th of September 17 93, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to a Capital of £.108 in Annuities, after the Rate of £.5 per Cent, per Annum, to commence from the 5 th January 1795; and to be added to, and made One joint Srock with, certain Annuities, established by the Acts 24, 25, and 34 Years of His Majesty's Reign, whereby an Addition was made to the Capital of £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, granted by the said Acts, of £.1,609,897. 17 s.id.: The Annual Sum payable in £. s. d. respect of the same amounts to ----- -- 80,494 17 10

1,130,096 17 6

And for Management of the fame, the Annual Sum of - - 724 9 1

The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, in respect of the One-Hundredth Part of the said Capital of £.1,609,897. 17 id. pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 32 Geo. III. will amount to

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended the icth of October 1798

81,219 6 11

16,098 19 6

97 6 5

1,227,415 3

m 82,082 1 iOr

i>3°9>497 5 9?

39 Geo. III. 310 Dec 117

The Produce of the following Duties granted by sundry Act? of Parliament of the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increased Charge on the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Annuities, &c. established by the Acts 35 Geo. III. from the 5th Day of 1795, for One Year, ended the 10th of October 1798.

The Produce of the Additional Dudes on Wines, from the 23d February 1755

D -

P -

D -D- -D -D -D -D -

D -

D -D -

of the Additional Duty on Sweets, from - - D# -

of the Additional Duties on British Spirits, from - D *

of the Additional Duties on Foreign Spirits, from D of the Additional Duties on Tea, from 16th March 1795 -

of the Additional Duties tin Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, from D of the Duties on Fruit, Sallad Oil, Waste Silk, c. from 5th 1795

of the Additional Duty on the Exportation of Rock Salt and Coals, from D°

of the Duties on Certificates issued for using Hair Powder from 5th May

>795 ....

of the Additional Stamp Duties on Writs, Agreements, Indentures, &c. from 5th July 1795....

of the Additional Stamp Dudes on Receipts, &c. from D of the Samp Duty on Sea Insurances, from D - -

Calli brought to this Account from the Revenue of the Post Office, on £. 40,000. per /mum, pursuant to an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18, for One Year, ended the 10th October >798..... ——

The Produce of the Duties on Spirit licences

£ s.

389,958 ——

5,883 ——

86,214 — — 127,007 — — 94,'32 5 a

23.777 ——

106,876 13 nf

18,254 — —

157,678 6 3

31.777 18 3 7.278 3 5

96,059 8 9

40,000 — — 24,601 10 —

Vol. 54.

Hh

(Continued.)

316 Decem

A. 1798

i 18

By Virtue of an A<5b 36 Geo. III. the Sum of £.18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1796, the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, to £.100 Stock, in £.3 Consolidated Annuities, and to an Additional Stock of £.10 in like £.3 per Cent. Cor.solidated Annuities; the Whole to commence from the 5th of July 1795, and to be consolidated and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities consolidated by the Arts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts of Parliament} and also to a further Addi.ional Stock of £.25 for each £. 100 so paid, in Reduced Annuities, at £. 3 per Cent, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the £.3 per Cent. Annuities, which were reduced from £.4 per Cent, per Annum, to £.3 per Cent, per Annum by an Act 23 Geo. II. and consolidated and made One Joint Stock with other Annuities by lundry subsequent Acts, and to commence from the toth of October 1795; and also to a further Annuity of 6 a. 6 d. per Cent, to continue for a certain Term of 64 \ Years, from the said 10th of October 1795, and then to cease; and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities granted for 99 and 98 Years, and by sundry Acts of Parliament with other Annuities consolidated and made One Joint Stock, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund: And by One other Act 36 Geo. III. the Sum of £.7,500,000. was also borrowed for the Service of the said Year 1796, the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, to £. 100 Stock in the said £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, and to an Additional Stock of £. 20 in the said £.3 per Cent.Consolidated Annuities, to commence from the 5th of January 1796, and to be

consolidated and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities consolidated by the said Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. II. and several subsequent Acts; and also to a further Additional Capital of £. 25 per Cent, for each £. 100 so paid, in Reduced Annuities, at £. 3 per Cent, to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, the said £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, which were reduced from £.4 to£. 3 per Cent, by an Act 23 Geo. II. and consolidated and made One Joint Stock with other Annuities by sundry subsequent Acts, and to commence from the 5th of April 1796; and also to a further Additional Annuity of 5 s.6d. per Cent, to Continue for a certain Term of 63 £ Years, to commence from the said ,5th of April 1796, and then to cease.

The Annual Charge in respeifl of£. 18,000,000, together with the Additional Capital of £.20 per Cent, making together £.21,600,000. shut reduced by certain Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments for £.4,200. to the Sum of £.21,595,800) in Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, from the 5th July 1795, together with £. 9,718. 2 . id. for Management ——

The Annual Charge of the Additional £. 25 per Cent, in £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to £. 4,500,000. from the loth October 1795, with £. 2,025 for Charge of Management -The Annual Charge of the additional 6a. 6 d. per Cent, on £. 18,000,000. for 64 $ Years, from the said 10th of OctoberI795i together with £.655. is. 6 d.for Management ——

The One-Hundredth Part of £.11,595,800. in Consolidated /. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Geo. III. for One Year ——

The One-Hundredth Part of £.4,500,000. in Reduced £.3 Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Geo. III. for the same Time - - - '

The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said h€t 32 Geo. III. in respect of the Value of the Annuities granted for 64^ Years, at the End of 45 Years ——

£ d 657,592 2 2

137,015 ——

,59,158 2 6

215,958 ——

45,006 — - — 8,460 — —

The Annual Charge in respect of £. 7,500,000. together with the Additional Capital of £. 20 per Cent, making together £. 9,000,000. (but reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments for £. 65,800. to the Sum of £. 8,934,200) in Consolidatea £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, from the 5th January 1796, together with £4,020. 7 x. <)\d. for Management ——

The Annual Charge of the Additional £. 25 per Cent. in £. 3 perCent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to £. 1,87 c,000. but reduced by certain Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments for £-15,375. to the Sum of £. 1,859,625) from the 5th of April 1796, with £.836. 16 s. 7 {d. for Management ——

The Annual Charge of the Additional 5 s. 6d. per Cent. on£. 7,500,000. for 63 i Years, from the said 5th of April 1796 (after deducting the Annuity of £.42. 12s. 6do forfeited by certain Persons not completing their whole Payments) with £.231. II s. for Management - -

The One-Hundredth Part of £.8,934,200. in Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III. for One Year - -

The One-Hundredth Part of £. 1,859,625 in Reduced £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Geo. ill. for the same Time -The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III. in respect of the Value of the Annuities granted for 63 } Years, from the 5th of April 1796, at the End of 45 Years ——

By an Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 122, for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bilis, such Proprietors of the said Bills as were made out on or before the 31st of May 1795, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled on or before the ift of July 1796, were entitled, for every £. 100. contained in the said Bills, to the Sum of £. 105 Capital Stock, attended with Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th of January 1796 \ and such Proprietors of Bills made out after the 31st of May 1795, and on or before the 30th of September

1795, who should deliver up their said Bills to be cancelled before the said ift of July

1796, should be entitled, for every £. 100. contained in the said Bills, to £. 104 Capital Stock, attended with the like Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5 per Cent. per Annunt> to commence from the said 5th of January 1796, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities, at £. 5 per Centum per Annum, established by the Acts 23, 24, 34, and 35 Geo. ill, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund5 in consequence or which Act there has been delivered up, in Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, for which Annuities to the Amount of £.4,414,074. 4 . 6 d. have been established and

- become payable at the Bank of England: Which Annuities,. with £.1,986. 6s. fid.

for Management, amount, per Annum, to ——

The One-Hundredth Part of £. 4,414,074. 4 . 6 d. in Annuities at /. 5 per Cent, to be set apart at the Exchequer Quarterly, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III. to be paid to the Bank of England, to be by them carried to the Account of the Cormxiissioners for reducing the National Debt, is, per Annum ——

£ ' d.

272,046 7 9 f

56,625 11 7 *

20,813 18 6

»9>3+2 ——

18,596 5 —

1 23,193 4

2,9x5 ——

222,690 — 101

44,140 14 10

8

727,179 18 71

>850,373 3 3 *

>y

39 Geo. IIL

31° Decetnbtis.

119

The Produce of the following Duties granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increased Charge on the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Annuities, &c. established by the Acts 36 Geo. III. from the 10th of October 1797 to the 10th of October 1798.

£ ' 89,906 — — »

183.165 — —

5°>735 2 9 94.019 9 31 5.757 7 i »a 7 3 19,118 7 3 471,551 11 7

93.365 — ~ 6,085 " —:

The Produce of the Duties on Spirit Licences

The Produce of the Additional Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, granted from 7th December 795 ..... *

The Arrears of the Additional £. 10 fer Cent, on Assessed Taxes, from the 10th of October 1795 ——

D - - of the ts.Duty on Horses, from the 5th oi April 1796 -

D , - - of the Additional Tax on Horses, from D° - - _ -

The Produce of the Tax on Horse Dealers, from the 44th of December 1795 -

D - - of the Tax on Legacies, from the 26th of April 1796

D - - of the Duties of Customs on Wines - - - - *

D - - of the Duties of Excise on - D , from the 17th of April 1796

D - - of the Additional Duties on Sweets, from - - D® - *

D - - of the Tax on Hats, from the 5th August 1796 (after referying jC 9,479 11 s.for the Consolidated Fund) -

The Arrears of the Tax on Dogs, from the 5th of July 1796 -

The Reduction of the Drawbacks on Sugar - - - - *

t

The Allowance for Waste on Salt, from the 5th January 1796 -

Deficiency of this Fund to aoswer the Charge

Vol. 54.

£ ,850,373 3 3 (Continued.)

120

31° Decemb

A. 1798

In pursuance of an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 10. £. 18,000,000. were subscribed for the Service of the Year 1797; the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, to the Principal Sum of £. 1 12. 10 s. in a Capital Stock of Annuities, carrying £. 5 per Cent, per A mum, to commence from the 1 oth of October 1796: And by one other Act 37 Geo. III. the Sum of £. 14,500,000 was directed to be raised by Way of Annuities for the Service of the Year 1797; the Contributors whereof to be entitled, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, to £. too. with an Additional Capital of £.25. in the £.\per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, and to commence from the 5th of January 1797; to an Additional Capital of £. 50. in the £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, and to commence from the 5th of April 1797 j also to an Additional Capital of £. 20 per Cent. in the Capital Stock of £.4 per Cent.Annuities, to commence from the 5th of April 1797; and to a further Annuity of 6 s.6 d. (subject to such Deduction as is mentioned in the said Act) to, continue for a certain Term of 6a Years and 9 Months, from the 5th of April 1797, and then to eeafe; The laid several Annuities to be payable at the Bank of England, and charged on the Consolidated Fund.

By One other Act of the same Sessiori of Parliament, for guaranteeing the Payment of the Dividends on a Loan of £. 1,620,000. to the Emperor of Germany, and the regular Redemption of the Capital to be created thereby, the Contributors for raising the same were entitled to an Annuity at £-2 per Cent, after the Rate of £.226. 10 Capital Stock for every £. 100. contributed and paid; which Annuity, upon the Failure of depositing in the Hands of the Bank of England sufficient Monies to pay the said Annuities, and of a Sum equal to £. 1 per Cent, per Amum on the Capital of the said Loan, is charged upon, and made payable out of, the Consolidated Fund.

N. B. The whole Sum of£. 3,500,000. in Addition to£. 14,500,000. not having been raised, a Deduction was therefore made on the Annuity of 62 Years and 9 Months of 6s. per Cent.

The Annual Charge on £.20,124,843. i$s. the Amount of £.112. lot. at £. 5 per Cent, on £. 17,888,750, the Subscriptions paid in full on the first above-mentioned Act, with £.9,056.3 s.7 d.for Management - -

The Annual Charge at £. 3 per Cent, on £. 18,125,000, the Amount of £. 14,500,000, at £. 125 per Cent.with £.8,156. 5/. for Management - -

The Annual Charge at £.3 per Cent, on £.7,250,000, the Amount of D at £. 50 per Cent. with £.3,262. 1 or. for Management ——

The Annual Charge at £.4 per Cent, on £. 2,900 000, the Amount of D° at £. 20 per Cent.

with £. 1,305 for D# - k. -

The Annual Charge of 6s. per Cent, for 62 Years and 9 Months on £.14,500,000. with £.489. js. 6fd.for D° - -

The One-Hundredth Part of £.20,124,843. 15 in £. 5 Annuities, to be Quar-

terly set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. Ilk to be paid to the Bank, to be by them carried to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt - r ——

The One-Hundredth Part of £. 18,125,000. in Consolidated £.34>er Cent. Annuities; D -. The One-Hundredth Part of £.7,250,000. in Reduced Cent. Annuities; D -

The One-Hundredth Part of£.2,900,000 in £.4 per Cent. Annuities; D -

The Annual Sum to be set apart at the Exchequer, pursuant to the said Act 32 Geo. III. in respect of the Annuities granted for 62 i Years, from the 5 th of April 1797, at the End of 45 Years, to be paid to the Bank, and to be by them carried to the Account of the said Commissioners for reducing the National Debt - -

£. s. d. 1,015,298 7 4

J ♦

551,966 5 —

220,762 10 —

1,7t>3°5 ——

43>9 9 7 *

201,248 8 9 181,250 — —

72,500 — - — 29,000 — —

5,920 ——

By an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 9. for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills, such Proprietors of the said Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, as were made out on or before the 31st of December 1795, w Should, on or beforC the 1 ith of November 1796, deliver up their Bills to be cancelled, were entitled for every £. 100 contained in the Certificates to be made out for the Amount of the Principal and interest of the said Bills (and so in proportion for a greater or less Sum) to £.178. nr. 5 d.in the £. 3 per Cent.Consolidated Annuities, to commence from the 5 th of July 1796; or to £.138. 17 s.9 \d.in the £.4 Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 10th of October 1796; or to to £.119. s. 11 i d. in the £. 5 per Cent. Annuities,

to commence frorp the 5th July 1796, at the Option of such Proprietor: And the Proprietors of such Bills as were dated after the 3 ift of December 1795, and on or before the 30th of April 1796, wfyo should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled on or before the said ilth of November 1796, should be entitled, for every £. 100. to £. 176. 19J. 9 \ d. in the said £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the said 5th of July 1796; or to £. 137. i8j. 7 J d-in the said £. 4 per Cent.Annuities, to commence from the 10th of QElober

1796; or to £.118. 6s. 10 \d.in the said £. 5 per CAnnuities, to commence from the

5th of July 1796, at the Option of the said Proprietor: And the Proprietors of the like Bills, made out a£er the 30th of April 1796, and on or before the 31st of July 1796, who should deliver up their Bills to be cancelled on or before the said I ith of November 1796, should be entitled to £. 175. 8 J. 9^. in the said £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 5th July 17.96; or to £. 136. 19/. 8 in the said £.4 Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 10th of October 1796; or to£. 117. 12s. it id. in the said £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, tq commence from the said 5th of July 1796; and the Proprietors of such Bills as were made out after the 31st of July 1796, and on or before the 27th of October 1796, who should carry their Bills to be cancelled on or before the said 1 ith of November 1796, should be entitled to £. 173. 18r. 3d. in the said £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 5<h July 1796; or to£. 136. is. id. in the £.4 Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 10th QElober 1796; or to£. 116. 1 2d. in the said £. 5 per Cent.

Annuities, tq Gprp?108!06 ^rom fa d 5th July 1796.

3»43fc 79 18 7

Borne forward

2>439>,79 18 7

12 I

39 Geo. III.

31 ° Decem.

The Produce of the following Duties, granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for defraying the increased Charge on the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Annuities, &c. established by the Acts 37 Geo. III. from the Commencement of the faitl Duties, to the 10th of QElcber 1798 iw'z.

The Produce of the Duties of Customs on Sugar and Bricks, with the £. 5 and 10 Cent, granted from the 28th December 1796 -

D° - -D° - -D - -D - -D - -D° - -D° - -D° - -

D° . -D° - -D° - -D« - -

D - *

D° - -D - -D - -

- of the Duty of Excise on Bricks made in Great - from D - -

- of the Duty on Cocoa Nuts, - - - from D° *

- of the Additional Duty on Tea, from the 8 th December 1796 -

- of the Additional Duty on British Spirits, from the 10th December 1796

- of the Additional Duty on Foreign Spirits - - - D -

- of the Additional Tax on Stage Coaches, granted from the 5 th January 1797

- of the Additional Tax-on Auctions, granted from the 28 th December 1796

- of the Additional Tax of 3^. per Pound on Pepper, &c. granted from 18 th

July 1797 ——

- of the Additional Tax of £.20. per Cent.from 5th April 1797 -

- of the Additional Tax on Inhabited Houses, from 5th July 1797

- of the Additional Tax on Male Servants - D.

r of the Additional Tax of 3 s. Oft Horses, charged by the Act 37 III.

granted from the 5th of July 1797 ——

of the further Additional Tax on Horses and Mules, granted from said 5 th July 1797 -....

- of the Tax on Clocks and Watches, granted from D# -

of the Produce of the Duties on Wrought Plate -

1

- of the Produce of the Duties on Spirit Licences - -

Surplus Income of the Post Office, after reserving the Sum of £. 416,556. and of £.40,000. for One Year, to 10th October 1798 - -

The Produce of the Additional Stamp Duties, granted from the 5th July 1797 (after deducting 156,605. per Annum) ——

Borne forward

£ 399,261 13 7

25.755 ——

5.604 ——

V

252,442 9 8

87.623 — —

126,215 ——

53,110 8 10 45.4 5 ——

126,176 9 1

244,835 ——

43.910 ——

6,960 — —

66,420 — —

4,285 — — 48,820 — —

3 3 4l

12,250 — —

207,444 ——

547.959 5 — 2.304.489 9 6$

Vol."54.

I i

(Continued.)

122

3i° Decembris.

A. 1798.

Brought forward - -

And by the said Act, the Proprietors of any Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act 36 Geo 111, Cap. 31. who should, on or before the said nth of November 1796, carry such Exchequer Bills to the Paymaster of Exchequer Bills to be cancelled, should be entitled, for every £. 100. (and so in proportion for any greater or left Sum contained in the Certificates to be made out for the fame) to £. 176. 19J. ${d. in the said £. 3 per Centum Annuities, to commence from the 5th of July 1796; or to £. 137. 18 s. 7 in the said £.4 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 10th of October 17965 or to £. 118. 61. 101 d. in the said £. 5 pet Cent. Annuities, to commence from the - -said 5th of July 1796, at the Option of the said Proprietors. The said several Annuities to be paid and payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

N. B. By a subsequent Act, a further Time was allowed the Proprietors of the said Bills to deliver them up.

The Annual Charge at £.3 per Chrf. on £. 16,438,175. 5 (to which die Sum of £. 16,441,175. 4J. 91/. granted in lieu of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bill', is reduced in that Stock at the Bank, by the Navy Office h iving withdrawn Checques to the Amount of 3,643. 184. 94/ £. s. d.

and several Alterations and Additions made by the Bank) with

£-7 397 3J- 6 Id. for Charges of Management - 500,54a 8 8

The Annual Charge at £.4 per Cent.on £.764,861. 5 granted

in lieu of D % with £. 344. 3J. yd.for D° - - - - - 30,938 12 7

The Annual Charge at £.5 per Cent, on ,£. 2,030,596. 7 granted

in lieu of D % with £.913. 15/. 44/. for D° - - 102,443 11

8

The AnnuafiCharge at £.3 perCfnt.on £.1,999,699. 4 44/. granted in iieu of Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled, pursuant to the said Acts, with £.899. 17 s. 3 id. for Management - ,

The Annual Charge at £.4 per Cent, on £. 104,43a. 5 /. 8 granted in lieu of D\with £.46. 19 . 10 for Management -

The Annual Charge at £. 5 per Cent, on £. 170,202. 4/. 84 /.granted in lieu of D°, with £. 121. nsg~\d. for Management - -

60,890 16 9 4,224 5 81

13,631 12

The One-Hundredth Part of the Capital of £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, granted in lieu of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, delivered up to be cancelled pursuant to the Acts 37 Geo. III. to be letapart at the Exchequer, pyrfuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. - - 164,408 19 41

D - - of £.764,861. j-f. 10 d.in £.4 Annuities granted

in lieu of the said Bills, pursuant to the said Acts 37 Geo. III. - D°

D - - of £.2,030,596. 7 s.2 in £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, granted in lieu of the Ciid Bills, pursuant to the said Acts 37 Geo. III. - - D° -

D - - of£. 1,999,699. 4 s.44/. in £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, granted in lieu or Exchequer Bills delivered up to be cancelled, pursuant to the said Acts 37 Geo. III. to be set apart at the Exche-_ quer in pursuance of the Act 32 Geo. III.

D - - of £.104,432. o. 8 d.in £.4 Annuities, granted

in lieu of D9 - D"....

D - - of £270,202. 4/. 8 d.in £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, granted in lieu of D° - D° -

7jM i 3 20,305 19 3

19,996 19 10 1,044 6 5 2,702 — 5

By an Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 144 % £.1,506,000. was granted for the Service of the

Interest and Charges to be provided for in such Manner as the Parliament of that Kingdom should approve; therefore the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid by Quarterly Payments at the Exchequer, must be deducted from the Charge of the above-mentioned Loan, and amount per Anmtn to - - - .

Which will reduce the above Charge to

£. s. d. a»439»179 18 7

9 3,778 i ~ 3.367,958 3 7

126,871 1

3,241,087 1 8 i

39 Geo. III. 310 Dece. 123

124 3 i° , Decembris.A. 179$.

In pu'f'j.-.nce of an A<5b 38 Gee. Ill Cup. 37. £. 17,000,000 were borrowed for the Service of the Year 1798. the Contributors whereof were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed and paid, to the Capital Stock of 15c, in Annuities, at £. 3 per Cent.to commence fioui the 5th of January 1798, and to be added to, and made

One Joint Stock of Annuities with, the £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, payable at the Bank of England-,

to an Additional Capital of 50. per Cent, to commence from the 5th of April >798, to be added.to, and made One Join: Stock with, the Reduced Annuities, payable at the said Bank; and also to an Annuity at the Rate of 4J lid.per Cent, to continue for a certain Time of6t Years and 9 Months, from the said 5th of April 1798, and then to ce tfc; to be added to, and mads One Joint Stock with, certain Annuities payable there, consolidated by sundry Acts of Parliament, and called Long Annuities: Which several Annuities are by the said Act charged upon the Consolidated b und, and directed to be payable and paid at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as the Annuities charged upon that Fund are payable and paid.

1

By the Act 38 Geo. III. Cap 16. for granting an Aid and Contribution to His Majesty for the Prosecution of the War, it is cl ire died that the Produce, to the Amount of 7,000,000 shall be applied towards the Supply of the Year 1798: The Surplus to be applied, in die first Place, to pay Annuities in respect of any Sum borrowed, not exceeding £. 8,00 a000. and carried to the Consolidated Fund, and the Remainder to be paid to the Bank, and by them to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt: And by One other Act 38 Geo III. Cap. ']6. the Monies arising the reby, together with any other Rates and Duties granted in that Session of Parliament, were applicable to such Services as should be voted, not exceeding^. 7,000,000: Therefore the Duties on the other Side arc heie made chargeable only with the Annuities and Expences in respedb of9,000,000:

The Annual Charge of £. 9,000,000. with the Addition of 50. per Cent, making £ 13,5:0,00°. at £.3 per Cent, per Annum ——

The Charge of Management on D' ——

The Annual Charge of the further Additional Capital of £. 50 Cent, on £. 9,000 000. being £. 4,500,000 - -

The Charge of Management on D ——

The further Additional Capital of 4.x. 11 d. per to continue for 61 J Years, is per Annum ——

The Charge for Management on D - -.

The One-Hundredth Part of/. 13,500,000. in Consolidated 3 Cent. Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer Quarterly, and paid to the Bank of England, and to be by them placed ro the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 31 Geo. MI. -

The One-Hundredth Part of £. 4,500,000. in £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities, to be set apart at the Exchequer Quarterly, and paid to the Bank, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, pursuant to the Act 32 Geo. III.....- ....

The Actual Value of 4 s. 11 d.per Cent, on £. 9,000,000. for 61 f Years, at the End of 45 Years ——

By an A<5138 Geo. III. Cap. 90. £. 2,060,000. were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for in such Manner as the Parliament of that Kingdom should approve; therefore the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid by Quarterly Payments at the Exchequer, must be deducted from the Charge of the above-mentioned Loan, and amount per Annum, to ——

Which will reduce the above Charge to

- £

£. s. d.

405.000 ——

6,075 ——

135.000 ——

2,025 — —

22,125 — — 248 18 if

135.000 -

45.000 — — 2,880 — —

7$3>3S3 8

167,411 19 7 585,941 18 6f

39 Geo. III.

31 Decembris.

25

The Duties granted for Payment of the Charges and Expences in respect of L- 9>oooo, oooo. Part of £. 17,000,000. granted by an Act 38 Geo. Ill, for the Service of the Year 1798, &c.

The Produce of the Duties on Houses inhabited, according to the Number of Windows therein, granted by an Act 38 Gw. III. from the 5th of 1798 in England^ and IVbit-Junday 1798 in Scotland ——

The Produce of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act 38 Gw. ILL from the 5 th Jpril 1798 ——

The Produce of the Dudes on Carriages - - D"

The Produce of the Duties on Horses, Mares, and Geldings, kept or used for riding or drawing Carriages ----- - D" -

f.

The Produce of the Duties on Horses, Mares, and Geldings, not charged as above, and upon Mules - - ----- D ---- *

The Produce of the Duties upon Dogs - - - D - -

The Produce of the Duty of Excise on Tea, granted by an Act 38 Geo. III. from die 10th of May 1798 ——

The Produce of the Additional Duties on Salt, granted by an Act 38 Ilk from the 5 th April 1798 - -

s.

Nil.

Nil.

NiL

2,500 —

34>957 ——

100,4 9 12 *

The Produce of the Duty on Certificates issued with respect to Armorial Bearings, granted by an Act 38 Geo. III. from the 24th of June 1798....

Deficiency of this Fund to answer the Charge

7>37 3 ----"

i4$>259 ia 8 440,682 5 10$

VOL. 54.

Kk

AMOUNT

3i° Decembris

A. 1798.

126

AMOUNT of the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC DEBT created in the Year under-nlentioned) and the Produce of the several Duties, granted for defraying the fame, in the Yeai ended the 10th Day of October 1798.

YEARS. CHARGE. PRODUCE. SURPLUS. DEFICIENCY.

£ A' £. s. d.

1789 59 59 5 7 116,981 9 — 1 57.721 13 5

1793 252,81a 10 — 217.463 35.349 ° — 1

1794 773>324 — 9 940,343 12 IOi 167,019 12 if

795 1,227,415 3 XI ,309.497 5 9 82,082 1 101

1796 .850.373 3 3 i»492»o75 9 358,297 11 6

797 - - 3,241,087 1 8 f 2,304,489 19 6 f ----- - 936,597 2 2

1798 585,941 18 61 145,259 12 8 440,682 5 10 £

The Produce of the Taxes in the several Years, is taken from the Account of the Receipt of the same in the Exchequer i the Difference between which and the Accounts of the several Offices of Customs, Excise, &c. arises from the former being made up to a different Day from the latter *

!, , -J-- .-u -U.- ' " . - r. i

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the yth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the^iftDayof December 1798, by

Gtorgt

Ordered\

Report on Herring Fish-eriei, to be considered in a Committee.

Resort of last Salion, referred.

Tynemouth InclOiure Ra J$ Petition.

Complaint re-

fptcting a New I pa per, withdrawn.

39 GeO. III. 31 Decembris. 127

w.

Ordered, That the said AfcdSunts do li6 upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement anti Extension, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Report was again read.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

12th Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 27th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Exten-fion, be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of the Allotments of the Lands set out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Land called Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of

otherwise Tinmouthshire, otherwise Tinmouth with

mouthshire, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Act, the Commissioners thereby appointed, divided and allotted the said Tract of Waste Land, and have set out several Roads through or over the lame, but the Commissioners were not by the said Act authorized to ascertain or determine what Parts of the said Roads were to be amended and kept in Repair by the respective Townships wherein the said Moor or Waste Land was situate, or to which Allotments of the said Waste Lands were set out, and therefore Doubts and Disputes have arisen touching the fame, and the said Act is in other Respects defective: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for ascertaining and settling in what Manner, and by whom, the different Parts and Proportions of the said Roads are to be amended and kept in Repair in future, and for otherwise amending the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tierney, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon Thursday last, of the printed Newspaper, intituled, " The Times,

" her 26, 1798" — London: — Printed at the Printing Office, in Printing House Square, Blackfriars, by C. Bell, (Brunswick Street) and published by J. (Salisbury

Square) as containing an Account of the Debates, and misrepresenting the Speeches of some. of the Members of this House, in Contempt of the Orders, and in Breach of the Privilege, of this House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Order be discharged;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And the said Complaint was also, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Vol. 54.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T'Uers for Y'". \\UminZj°"e' } 93-

Teller, for (he Noes, J 2.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, being the Schedule containing the Form of the Declaration of the Number of Children.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to, be added to the Bill, byWay of Ryder, respecting the Income of Property from the Plantations, which shall not have been imported into Great Britain.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the Appointment of Commissioners in the several Divisions of the County of Lincoln.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive and continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An A<fl for establishing Courts of Judicature in the " Island of Newfoundland, and the lllands adjacent," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tirtie Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedesday, the 23d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

23d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mariis,

Income Duty Bill reniI the Third Time.

Newfoundland Judica' ture Bill, reported.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

128

Januariu

s'

A.

l199

Bong's Nat. Bill, prefen t-td.

Newfoundland Judicature Bill, parted.

Mart is, i® di;

Anno 39° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Gecnge Bong: And the same was received-; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to revive and continue an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " establishing Courts of Judicature' in the Island of " Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive and continue, until Thirty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the Seventeenth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, intituled, "An Act " for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of " Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent."

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and' desire their Concurrence.

juckheath A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition? arc thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Rack-heath, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Commons and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, they would derive great Advantages therefrom; but that the Notices, as required by the Standing Order? of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, have not been given, the Petitioners not having resolved to apply for - any Bill for the Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Lands until this present Month, and that it will be attended with great Loss to the Petitioners, if Leave be not given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes ' aforesaid, in this present Session of Parliament: And

therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the Petitioners may have Leave to give such Notices in the present Motiths of January and February next ensuing, or either of them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine. the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Sir William Toting, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have' Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record.

Further Pro- The House, according to Order, resumed the ad-

eeming upon journed Proceeding upon, the Third Reading of the in-iteadin of grossed Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act,

the income made-in the Inst Session of Parliament, for grahting an

Duty Bill. Aid and Contribution for the Profecu titan of the Wat,

and. to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 17. To leave out " under the said Act."

1. 18. After " assessed " to insert " under the " said Act."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 6. 1. 30. by adding, at the End of the Line, these Words: " Provided nevertheless, That the Income of any Widow or Spinster,. not exceeding "£.300 per Annum, be not charged with more than " One-Twentieth Part of the Yearly Amount of such " Income."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendments following were also severally pre-posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 11. To leave out " and" and insert " or" instead thereof.

1. 17. After " Year" to insert " or upwards."

1. 24. After " Abatement " to insert " after " the Rate." »

I.28. After "Year" to insert "or upwards."

1. 34. After " Abatement " to insert "after " the Rate."

1. 38. To leave out " and " and insert " or " instead thereof.

1. 44. After " Abatement " to insert " after " the Rate."

Pr. 8. 1. 36. After " Vicar" to insert " or having v " some other legal Excuse for not

" residing on such Rectory or Vicarage."

1. 43. To leave out " Persons" and insert " Person " instead thereof.

Pr. 9. 1. 16. To leave out " such Person" and to leave out " also."

Pr. 12. 1. 5. To leave out " High.

1.

8. To leave out " High."

Pr. 15. ^‘^ \'1To leave out " summoned " and in-

n f fert " returned " instead thereof. 27. j

Pr. 18. 1. 20. To leave out " Presidents, Vice Presidents, Trustees."

Pr. 21. 1. 29. To leave out " the " and insert " this" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 22. 1. 4. by inserting after the Word " any " the Words " Statement or."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were, also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23. 1. 27. After " be " to insert " seised or."

Pr. 24. 1. 9. After " be" to insert " seised or."

I. 24. After " and " to insert " of ThreeFifths of the."

Pr. 25. 1.0

and >To leave out " and be assisting."

6.J

1. 16. To leave out "always" and insert " also " instead thereof.

Pr. 26. 1. 19. To leave out "within" and insert " for " instead thereof.

Pr.E6.

39 Geo. TIL i ° Januarn. 129

Pr. 26. 1. 20. To leave Out " always " and insert " alio" instead thereof.

Pr. 27. 1. 2. To leave out " in and "

1. 16. After "mentioned" to insert " iogether with such Persons in the " Commission of the Peace."

1. 31. After " County" to insert " or Riding."

1. 32. After " County " to insert " or Rid- " ing."

Pr. 28. 1. 2. After " County " to insert " or Riding."

1. 5. After " County " to insert " or Riding."

1. 10. After " County" to insert " or Rid-

1. 13. After " County " to insert " or Rid-

" ing."

Pr. 30. L. 4. Toleaveout " the" and insert "this" instead thereof.

Pr. 31. 1. 16. To leave out " the " and insert " this" instead thereof.

Pr. 43. I.39. After "Meeting" to insert " after " their receiving the fame."

Pr. 44. 1. 6. After " Oath " to insert " of solemn " Affirmation."

Pr. 45. 1. £2. After " Act " to insert " or this Act."

Pr. 46. 1. 24. In the Interlineation to leave out

" same " and insert " Rates and Duties granted by this Act " instead thereof.

Pr. 47. 1. 36. After " Act " to insert " or this Act." Pr. 50. 1. 1. After " the" to insert " said."

1. 10. To leave out " E." and insert " F." instead thereof."

1. 23. After " under" to insert " such of." Pr. 51. 1. 12. To leave out " rectifying" and insert " in order to rectify " instead thereof.

1. 29. To leave out " Three " and insert / " Two " instead thereof.

1. 35. To leave out "to" and insert " shall" instead thereof.

Pr. 54. 1. 6. To leave out " discharged therefrom" and insert " objected to" instead thereof.

I. 7. After " thereupon " to insert " for " the Purpose of discharging the " fame, or any Part thereof."

Pr. 56. 1. 18. After " he" to insert " (he."

Pr. 58. 1. lo.Vro leave out " discharged there-and > " from " and insert " objected to"

11. J instead thereof.

1. 12. After " thereof" to insert " for the " Purpose of discharging the fame." Pr. 60. 1. 33. After " Deputy," to inlert " if in " England or to the Receiver Ge-- " neral of Scotland and after

" General," to insert" respectively." Pr. 62. 1. 27. To leave out from " required," to the End of the Interlineation in 1. 28. Pr. 66. 1. 26. After " Appeal " to insert " postponed for any Caule beforementioned."

Pr. 66. a. 1. 22. After " Place " to insert " or within " any City, Town, or Place, being " a County of itself, situate within " such County, Riding, Shire, " Stewartry, or Place."

Pr. 66. b. 1. 3. To leave out " the same " and inlert " such " instead thereof.

Pr. 67. 1.33.1 After "Assessment" to insert "or and > " shall be such Trustee, Agent, Re-34. J " ceiver. Guardian, Committee, or " Curator."

Pr. 68. 1. ult. To leave out "do" and insert " direct " instead thereof.

VOL. ^4.

Pr. 69. 1. 31. To leave out the Interlineation.

Pr. 70. 1. 25. After " other " to insert " Person or " Persons."

Pr. 71. 1. 39. After "Sendee " to insert " or at the " Time of such general Notice as " aforesaid."

Pr: 72. 1. 10. After " of " to insert " such."

1. 22. After " Statement " to insert " or " Declaration."

Pr. 73! 1. 21. To leave out "or" and after "her" to insert " or their."

Pr. 77. 1. 28. To leave out " Business" and insert , . " Description" instead thereof.

Pr. 78. 1. 13. After " other" to inlert " Partner."

1. 20. After " Manufacture" to insert " or " any Adventure or Concern."

1. 31. After " Manufacture" to insert "or , " Adventure or Concern."

Pr. 85. 1. 20. To leave out " or."

Pr. 87.I. 3. After " Statement " to insert " or " Schedule."

1. 12. After " Persons" to inlert "was or." Pr. 88. 1. 34. After " and " to insert " the said respective Commissioners."

Pr. 89. 1. 35. To leave out " aforesaid," and insert " as herein after mentioned" instead thereof.

Pr. 00. 1. 4. After " or " to insert " the Governor " and Company of the Bank of " England, or " and after " any " to inlert " other Trading."

1: 3. To leave out " or any."

Pr. 91. 1. 38. To leave out " sealed up," and after " Statement " to insert "fealed up." I. 39. To leave out "from" and insert "by" instead thereof.

Pr. 92. 1. 4. After " any " to insert " such."

Pr. 93. 1. io. To leave out " such " and insert " the" instead thereof.

Pr. 97. 1. 26. To leave out " Receipts " and insert " Certificates " instead thereof.

Pr. loo. 1. 16. To leave out " to," and after" assessed " to insert " to."

Pr. 107.1. 4. To leave out " Six " and insert "Four" instead thereof.

1. 13. After "all" to insert " such."

1. 21. To leave out " Six " and insert " Four " instead thereof.

Pr. xo8. 1. 7. To leave out " Presidents, Vice Presidents, Trustees."

I.13. To leave out " served " and insert " been returned to serve " instead thereof.

1. 17. To leave out " Cities."

1. 18. To leave out " ."

1. 19. To leave out " " and to leave

out " Hull."

1. 20.1

and >To leave out " Newcastle upon Tyne."

21.)

1. 21. To leave out " Norwich, Edinburgh." 1. 22. To leave out " other " and after " Cities" to insert " and other." Pr. 1 jo. 1. 20.1 To leave out "returned upon the and > " Panel of Jurors to serve " and insert 21. J " acting as Magistrates or Justices " of the Peace " instead thereof.

1. 35. To leave out " Inqueils " and inlert " Magistrates and Justices of the " Peace," instead thereof Pr. 112.1. 24. To leave out the Interlineation.

I.26. After "aforesaid" to insert "for a " County at large."

1. 33. After " said " to insert " first recited." Pr. 113. 1.18. To leave out "the " and insert " this" instead thereof.

LI Pr. 114.

ijo i° — 2°J

Pr. 114.1. ult. After n Treasury" to insert " or any " Three or more of them."

Pr. 115.1. 3 After " Treasury " to insert " or any " Three or more of them."

Pr. 118.1. 1. After " said " to insert " First."

Pr. 119.I.36. After "Britain" to insert " not exceeding Ten Millions in any One "Year."

Pr. 122.1. 25. To leave out from " Act " to " Provided " in 1. 30.

Pr. 126.1. 7. To leave out " Rules for estimating " the."

Before 1. 9. To insert " General Rule for ascertaining the Value of all Lands." Before 1. 29. To insert " ift — Income of Owners of " Lands."

Pr. 127.1.15. After " Rent " to insert " only."

1. 20. To leave out " " and insert "

" bruary " instead thereof.

1,27. After "pay" to insert "or for the

" Expence of Drainage under any " Commission of Sewers."

1. 28. After "Year" to insert " as aforesaid."

Pr. i 8.1. 6. To leave out "Repairs" and insert " Expences " instead thereof.

Pr. 132.1. 24. To leave out " Rules for estimating the ."

Pr. 133.1. 5. To leave out "aforesaid" and insert' hereinbefore directed in the General Rule for estimating the Annual Value of all Land," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii20 die Januarii 3

Anno 39® Georgii III. U Regis, 1799.

PllAYERS,

Tuckheath yYR John Pitt reported from the Committee, to inciofure 1V| whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose ported."'rC" Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Rackheath, in the County of Norfolk, was referred;

- That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament, for the Inclosure of the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Parish, until the Month of December last; and that all the Proprietors, interested in the Lands proposed to be inclosed, have signed the said Petition (except the Owner of the Scite of a Cottage, who has made no Objection to the present Application); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Edward Stracey, Junior, Esquire, being examined, said, That there are within the said Parish of certain Commons and Waste Lands, which, in their 6

'fanuariu A, 1799.

present State, arc incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, they would derive great Advantages from the same.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given on the Church Door of the Parish of Rackheath, for Three Sundays in the present Month

of January, and in the Month of February following, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Audri't Nat, Order, a Bill for naturalizing Justin Eliza Cefar Audra:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a PrrfonatCoid Copy of the Affidavit of the Keeper of His Majesty's Bath field . Prison in The Cold Bath Fields, in the County of Middlesex, taken before Richard Ford, Esquire, one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, on the 31st Day of December last; and' of the Letters written by his Grace the Duke of Portland, by His Majesty's Command, in consequence thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and The Lord Mr. Pepys: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Neutral Ship , Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks Bill, after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and also, an Act, passed in the same Year, Chapter Eighty, videlicet, on the Twenty-second Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and also, another Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty,

Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the Fourteenth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose; and to continue, for the same Period, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one, videlicet, o‘n the Twenty-eighth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bnirerorcting Act for extending the Time allowed for. taking out Armorial Certificates for using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Brir, ns, Ensigns, until the Fifteenth Day of February. One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An reni«u Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of In- St. Vincent' ftalments to become due on certain Sums advanced, g-J|'linents by Way of Loan, to certain Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Vincent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An oodr^v' Act to enable Thomas jull, of Ash next Sandwich, in the Name Bill. County of Kent, Esquire, and his Blue, to alfume and

takd

39 Geo. III.

2® Januarii.

131

tncome Duty Bill, paffwL

take the Surname of Godfrey only, and to bear the Arms and Crests of the Godfreys, pursuant to the Directions contained in a Codicil to the Will of 'Thomas Godfrey, late of London, Merchant, deceased; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,. for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 134.1. 11. To leave out " Rules for estimating " the".

L 24. To leave out " 4 — Rules for estimating" and insert "II." instead thereof.

Pr. 135.1. 2. Before " Income" to insert " ift.' *

1. 5. To leave out " in" and insert "for" instead thereof.

I. 28. After " only" to insert " or by " Innkeepers and other Persons licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other " Liquors by Retail, or by Persons " keeping any School, Academy,

" or Seminary for Learning, and " usually having their Scholars to board and lodge (to a Number " not less than Ten) in their respective Dwelling Houses."

1. 39. Before "Income" to insert "2d."

Pr. 135. At the End of the Deductions to the Fifteenth Cafe, to insert " or " upon Pensions or Salaries, Fees " and Wages in respect of Offices " of Profit, by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign " of King George the First, or " upon Pensions, Gratuities, Offices, or Employments of Profit,

' by an Act, passed in the Thirtyfirst Year of his late Majesty " King George the Second."

Pr. 136.1.18. After the first "the" to insert succeeding" and to leave out from Year" to the End of Line 20.

1. 24. To leave out " 5 — Rules for estimating" and insert "III" instead thereof.

1. 27. Before " from" to insert " ift."

I.33 To leave out "either."

1. 34. To leave out " " and insert

" February " instead thereof.

Pr. 137.1. 4. To leave out "April" and insert " Februa" instead thereof.

1. 14. Before " Money" to insert " 2d."

1. 24. To leave out "Nineteenth Cafe." I.25. before " Income" to insert "TV."

Pr. 139.I. 10. After "their" to insert " respective."

1. 11. In the Interlineation to leave out Life" and insert "Lives" instead thereof, and after " their" to insert " respective. "

1. 14. After "the" to insert "Current" and after "Year " to insert " 6. —

" Persons entitled to any Income,

" during and depending upon the " Life or Lives of any other Person or Persons who have made

" or shall make Insurance on the " Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons, shall be at Liberty, in Addition to any other " Deductions (except the Deduction herein after mentioned) to " deduct the Amount of the " Premiums of such last-mentioned Insurance for, the Current Year, provided that if after " the Death of such other Person " or Persons on whose Life or " Lives such Insurance shall have " been made, the Income, or any " Part thereof, from which such " Premiums have been deducted " fhalfbe continued, or the Estate " from whence the same arose " renewed, or shall have been " usually continued, or the Estate " from whence the same arose " shall have been usually renewed,

" by the Payment of a Fine or " Fines, then and in such same no " Deduction shall- be allowed on " Account of such Fine or Fines,.

" which shall have been paid or " would become payable on any " such Renewal. "

" Particular Deductions from Income

ift. " The Amount of the Tenths " paid by any Ecclesiastical Person, within, the Year preceding " that in which the Computation "shall be made."

2d. " Procurations and Synodals " paid by Ecclesiastical Persons,

" on an Average of Seven Years " preceding that in which the " Computation shall be made."

3d. "Repairs of Chancels of Churches " by any Rector, Vicar, or other " Person bound to repair the fame, " on an Average of Twenty-one " Years preceding as aforesaid."

'. 143.After 1. 9.To insert "Tenths, Procurations, " Synodals, payable (by Ecclesiastical Persons) out of N *

" upon an Average of Seven " Years."

After 1.16. To insert "of Chancels of Churches " by Rectors, Vicars, and others, " bound to repair the fame, upon " an Average of Twenty-one Years."

Pr. 144. 1. 1. To leave out "E" and insert "F" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal the Duties, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the'House adjourned till To-motrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V©Xm 54.

Jo-vis,

172 3° — 4° JanA. 1799-

Jovisf 30;

Anno 39® Georgii III"1'Regis, 1799.

Pray ers.

Housead- ''HE House met, and being counted by Mr. journed. Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were

not'present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a jQuestion first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vienerisy 40 Januarii;

Anno 39® Georgii IIItH Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

RoyalAlTcnt A MESSAGE by Mr. Yeoman Uftier of

to Bills. JL\.the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

1 The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

Commission, for declaring His Royal A (lent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up . to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

„ Mr. Speaker reporter!, That the House, at the Desire , of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of . Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the ' several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales,

His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal

Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several ' other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain,

' and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

' An A iff for extending the Time allowed for taking

out Certificates for using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, until the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine

An Act for allowing further Time for the Payment of -Instalments to become due on certain Sums advanced, by Way of Loan, to certain Persons connected with, and trading to, the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vhuent:

An Act to continue until the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Seven, on the Second Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the " Commencement of the next Session of Parliament,

" Two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament " holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the one, Chapter Thirty-two, " on the Tenth Day of and the other. Chapter

" Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth Day of May One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth " Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and " Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that " Part of Great Britain called England and also to; amend the said Act, and further to continue the fame, so amended, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine:

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend, an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Two, videlicet, on the Thirtieth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Thirty Days " after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and Thirtyseven, videlicet, on the Twentieth of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in this present Session " of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an Act, parted ft in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of G called Scotland, " to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, " for a limited Time; and for indemnifying all Per " fons wffio have ifl'ued Notes for small Sums of Money,

" in that Part of the United Kingdom, for a limited " Time:"

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement-of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the -Reign of His present Majesty, - Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-five; and also. an Act, passed in the same Year, Chapter Eighty, videlicet, on the Twenty-second Day of One thousand Seven hundred, and Ninety-five; and also, another Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the Fourteenth Day of . One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and the ifi'uing of Orders in.Council Tor that Purpose; and to continue, for the same Period, an. Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in "the Thirty-sixth and Thirtydeventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Twenty^one, videlicet, on the Twenty-eighth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-six; authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations.respecting the Trade and Commerce . to and from The Cape of Good Hope:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and ir.closing, the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Farish oi.Shropham, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act to enable Thomas full, of Ash next Sandwich, in the County of Kent, Esquire, and his Blue, to assume and take the Surname of Godfrey only, and to bear the Arms, ^nd Crests of the Godfreys, pursuant to the Directions contained in a Codicil to the Will of Thomas Godfrey, late of London, Merchant; deceased.

( 1

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Pierre Jacques and

Pierre Francois Papillon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Steele reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there belaid before this House, a Copy of the Affidavit, of the Keeper of His Majesty's Prison in The Cold Bath Fields, in the County of Middlesex, taken before Richard Ford, Esquire, one of

Pierre Pn-pillon's &c Nut. Bill, ptcii tiled *

Answer to Avidrtli.

-by

39 Geo. III.

4° Jdnuarit.

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, on the 31 ft Day of December last; and of the Letters written by his Grace the Duke of Portland, by His Majesty's Corrfinandi in consequence thereof) had been prelenled to H is Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Direct tions accordingly,

Adrien Papil- Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to SSM. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Adrien Charles Papillon: And the same was received, and read the First Time;

Rejo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

C»rlton cum A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are inclosure^ thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, Com- Petition. mon Rights, or other Hereditaments, in or upon the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, divers Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, knd other' Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of ' any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and allotted unto and among the several Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their respective Estates, such Division and Allotment would tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Estates; and that the Petitioners are desirous that all the Tythes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments arising within the said Parish, should be extinguished, and that an adequate Compensation should be made to the Rector of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the raid Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Plumer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Accounts to Ordered, That such a Number of Conies of the Ac-be printed, ' counts, which were presented to the House upon Monday last, by Mr. Roje, be printed, as shall be luflicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Deposition of Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their SfSAddress to His Majesty,

Portland s Copy of the Deposition of Thomas Art's, Governor of (tntedl'PrC the House of Correction for the County of

And also.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Marquis of Titchfield, dated Whitehall, 2d January 1799: And also.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Sheriffs of London and County of Middlesex, jjated Whitehall, 2d January 1799: And also.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Portland to the Keeper of Ne legate, dated Whitehall, 2d January 1799.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

East India Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Revenue7Ac- Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India

counts, or- Company in the Provinces of Bengal, and

dered. and frorn Benares and 'under the Heads of Mint or

Coinage Duties, Poll: Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East Vol. 54.

India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orifja,.and in Benares and Oude-, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil; Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, ind the Advances and Charges on Account' of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Compassion of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, in the Pro- viiices of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijj'a, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sale of Salt and Opium, Jbr the Year 1796-7, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Com^ pany in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium for the said Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and at the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from tho Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tanjore, &c. and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an 'Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and at the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars.; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Build- ings, Rnd Fortification3, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the lame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Compassion of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and Settlements lbbordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, Rajah of Tanjore, &c. Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the Year 1796-7, and of the Charges defrayed, for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the,

lame reflectively, under the several Heads of -Civil a'xl Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs. *

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame. /

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements, subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

M m Ordered,

i34

4° — Januarii. A. 1799-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Companion of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, Farms, and Licences, IBc. for the Year 1796-7, and of the Charges

defrayed for the same Year, by the said Company, in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of tire Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bontbdy, so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advicej, together With the latest Estimate of the same. ‘

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expences of the Island of Saint Helena, and the Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ab-straft Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ift May 1797 to 30th April 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ab-straft Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from ift May 1797 to 30th April 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ab-straft Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from ift May 1797 to 30th April 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a general Abstract of the Estimates of the Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from ift May 1797 to 30th April 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company, at their several Presidencies in the East Indies, on 30th April 1797, the Rates of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Debts subscribed in Between 30th April 1796 and ift May 1797, agreeable to the Court's Orders of the 25th June 1793.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ift May 1796 to 30th April 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from ift May 1796 to aoth April 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from ift May 1796 to 30th April 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Quick Stock, exhibiting a

State of the Company's Affairs, in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they flood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and Factory of Canton, at the Conclusion of the Year 1796-7.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for European the Year 1796-7, together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency not added to the Invoices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Annual Account made up to the ift Day of March 1798, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts,

Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the same for the Current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and the State of the Cash remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and afloat.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Stock, per Computation, of the East India Company (exclusive of the Capital Stock) from the 1 ft March 1797 to the ift March 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from the ift of March 1797 to the ift of March 1798.

1

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. The Lord pepys: have passed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ricketts pi-dissolving the Marriage of Edward Jervis Ricketts, vorccBlU Esquire, with the Honourable Cajfa Fwijleton, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time. Bill read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Clerk Proceeding had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the

Names of all the Members of the House, who had deli- Aft" * vered in Lifts in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

s

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn- ing next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 70 die Januarii;

Anno 39 Georgii III. U Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

AGEORGE Bong took the Oaths appointed, in order Bongfwon; to his Naturalization.

A Bill for naturalizing George Bong, was read a Second Bong's Nat. Time. _

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

John Pitt, Mr. Annejley, See.: And they are to meet

this

Upton Inclo-fwrt aid Drainage P»-tibon.

Mr. Comtts's Bill, reported.

Reirenham inclosure Petition. /

39 Geo. III. 7

135

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Upon., in the County of to which are

appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, and also Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands within such Pacts of the Open Fields called Upton Field and Fishley Crofts, as lie in the Parish of in the said County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish of Upton, fiindry old inclosed Lands, Open Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and also certain Open Fields called Upton Field and Fishley Crofts, which lie partly within the said Parish of Upton, and partly within the adjoining Parish of Fishley, and that the greater Part of the said inclosed Lands is inconveniently situated for the respective Owners thereof, the Lands in the said Open Fields belonging ro the respective Owners thereof lie veiy dispersedly, and the said Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, are frequently overflowed with Water, and, in their present State, yield but little Profit to the several Persons inte-Tested therein; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons entitled to, and interested in, the Premises, if the said old inclosed Lands, Open Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided, and specific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled to, and interested therein, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Inte-Tests, -and if such Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were drained: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Thomas Coutts, Esquire, Banker, to make a Communication between his Buildings on the opposite Sides of William Street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-untb, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Strickland Freeman, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Remenham, in the County of Berks, and Proprietor of great Part of the Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of aforesaid, and

of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the Open and Common Fields

Vol. 54.

and Meadows within the said Parish are divided in small Parcels, and intermixed with each other, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the fame, together with the Common Pastures and Waste Lands within the said Parish, were divided into specific Shares, and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, and inclosed, in lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein, the same would be more convenient to them, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Annejley and Mr. George Vanjittart do'prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging the Term, and Continuing the Dr. Bancroft's Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of comndned.' the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic,

" his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and et Application of certain Vegetables, for dying, staining,

" printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours, t( throughout that Part of His Majesty's Kingdom of " Great Britain called England, the Dominion of,

" and Town of Berwick upon T, for a limited " Time;" and for extending the same to and throughout that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Toung, Mr. Annejley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr Speaker acquainted the House, That, having, on Mr. Speaker Friday last, received a Notice from the Court of Direc- Houseofa tors of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Notice from England, " that, on and after the 14th Instant, the Bank 016 " will pay in Calli all Fractional Sums under Five " Pounds; and that, on and after the ill of February -

<( next, the Bank will pay Calli for all Notes of One " and Two Pounds Value, that are dated prior to the " ill of July 1798, or exchange them for new Notes of " the same Value, at the Option of the Holders," he had forthwith caused the said Notice to be inserted in The London Gazette, pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and continue, until One Month after " the Conclusion of the present War, the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of " His present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-one, videlicet, on " the Twenty-second Day of June One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-fevep, for the Restriction on " Payments of Cash by the Bank."

by M r. Ord and Mr. Wilmot: Jhe LordsJ

J have agreed to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to con-to continue, until the Twenty-first Day of May One p"ueu^asbuc thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act; penjjon Act. made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, e Ail " Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain " such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conIpiring against His Person and Government;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newfound-to revive and continue, until Thirty Days after the land Judic -Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an ture 1 Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of 7 His

A Message from the Lords, Mr. Speaker,

13 6

7° — 8° Januarii.

A. 1799.

Schick's Nat. Bill.

His present Majesty, Chapter Severity-six, videlicet, on the Seventeenth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, intituled, "An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of New- " foundland, and the Islands adjacent;" without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Sch; without any Amendment: And also,

Martin's Nat. Bill.

Kent's Nat Bill.

Hennings Nat. Bill.

Wicke's Nat Bill.

Tefchema-cher's Nat. Bill.

Gries Nat. Bill.

O (tel Iain's Nat. Bill.

.The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act agreed to by the House

And the said Amendments were read, and are as fol-loweth, viz,

Pr. 16. 1. 10. Leave out from Act,",to " and, ' *

in Pr. 18. 1 23.

In the Title of the Bill;

1. 17. Leave out from " Officer, ' to " and, " in Line 20.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

for naturalizing John Alexander Martin-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Adolphus Kj without any Amendment: And also.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Proceeding. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, judicature for naturalizing Charles Fredrick Hennings-, without any for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused Act. Amendment: And all'o, of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read, for naturalizing Johann George Wicke-, without any And the same was read accordingly.

AmendmentAnd also, And the several Lifts, which had been before delivered

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lifts were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the Con-

fer natura izi ig John Roger j without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lawrence; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Heymm'y Nat. Bill.

Indemnity Bill, with Amendments.

for naturalizing Hermenegild Augustus Maria Cajlellain-, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine without any Amendment: And also, the fame, and report to the House, Tomorrow, the

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Name of every Member whose Name shall appear in foT naturalizing John Everard Heyman -,without any Twenty, or more, of the said Lifts:

Amendment: And also, And they are referred to Mr. Long, Mr. Annejley, Mr.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Adams, Sir William Tonng, The Master of the Rolls, Sir to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify John William Anderson, Mr. Martin, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. themselves for Offices and Employments, and to in- Douglas, The Lord Mr. John Smyth, Mr.

demnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr.

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications Mr. Rose, Lord Charles Spencer, The Lord Arden, Sir within the Time directed by Law, and for extending Philip Mr. , Mr. Nepean, Mr. Dent, Mr.

the Time limited for riiofe Purposes until the Twenty- Torke, Mr. Burton, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr.

fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ryder, Sir Charles Runbury, Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Ninety-nine; to indemnify Members and Officers in Rankes, Sir William Geary, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Dance, Mr. Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad- Sham, Mr. Tyrwhitt, Mr. Brodrick, Mr. Fordyce: And missions have been omitted to be stamped according the y are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, mislaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; to allow to such Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, until the Twenty-second Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for Payment of the fame; to indemnify Attornies who have omitted to enter their Certificates according to Law, and for allowing them until the First Day of Easter Term to enter the same with the proper Officer; to authorize the admitting Persons to be Attornies, notwithstanding such Persons 111 all, during the Space of Five Years, have actually served other Attornies than the Attornies to whom such Persons shall have been articled; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited

for that Purpose, until the First Day of September'One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Amendments The House proceeded to> take the said Amendments agreed to in[0 Consideration.

3

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 8° die,

Anno 390 Georgii 3'" Regis, 1799.

Prayers,

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Itbufe acfcj journsd.

Mcrcurii,

Wltke sworn.

The Lords have agreed to

Income Duty Bill.

Volunteer Corps Exemption Bill, ith Amendments.

Lords

Amendment? Agreed to.

39 Geo. III.

90 Januarii.

i37

Mercurii, 9 d >

Anno 390 Georgii 3'" Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

/CHRISTIAN John Adam HritkeAook the Oaths ap-> pointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr, _ IVUmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for exempting, during the present War, certain Persons serving in Volunteer Corps from being ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions; and for making out new Lists of Men liable to serve in the said Militia; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr, 1. 1. 23. Leave out from "duly" to " on" in Line 24, and insert " enrolled in " such Corps,"

1. 27. Leave out " not" and insert " exempt ed from being."

1. 28.

1- 34-

After " or" insert "

to.'

Pr.

1. ult. 1. 10.

1. 21.

1. 24.

1. 26. 1. 27.

1. 28,

Leave out from " Kingdoms" to " ex. " tended" in Line 35, and insert " that the said Exemption should, " under certain Conditions be." After " or" insert " under."

Leave out from " Purpose" to " May'1 in Line 12.

Leave out from " that" to " in" in Line 24.

After " in" insert " every same where." Leave out " Aft" and insert " Acts." Leave out " Year" and insert " and " Thirty-seventh Years."

Leave out from " under" to " shall" in Line 29, and insert "either of the " said Acts."

Pr. 3. I, 10. Leave out from "Aft" to " to" in Line 11, and insert " or shall con. " sent and agree, or shall have consented and agreed to any other " more extensive Conditions of Ser-" vice, all and every the Persons en-" rolled, or to be enrolled, and " serving in such Corps, shall be " exempted from being liable."

1. 12. After " or" insert " to."

1. 14. Leave out from "Militia" to " Pro-" vided" in Press 4, Line ult. and - insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That such Con sent of " any such Corps of Volunteers to " the Terms and Conditions of Ser-" vice hereinbefore-mentioned, or to " any other more extensive Condilions of Service, shall be certified

Vo l. 54.

Pr. 5. 1. 2.

1. 4.

1. V

U 12.

Pr.6.

I. 22.

J. 24.

1, 30.

1- 35-

1. 1. 1. 2.

y- 5 *

I. 6,

1, ii. )

and >

I2.J

"under the Hand of the Com.

" maijding Officer thereof; and that " such Certificate shall be added to " the Muster Roll herein after mentioned, and shall, together with " such Muster Roll, be transmitted " by such Commanding Officer to " the Lieutenant of the County or " Place where such Corps shall be " raised; and that the Consent of " each Person hereafter to be en-" rolled in such Corps, to the Terms " and Conditions of Service so agreed " to by such Corps, shall be signi-" fied to the Commanding Officer " thereof, under the Hand of every " such Person respectively, at the " Time of his Enrolment in such " Corps; and that such Consent " shall thereupon, in every such " Cafe, be certified by such Com. " mantling Officer, together with the " Return of the Enrolment of such " Person, to the Lieutenant of the " County or Place where such Corps " shall be raised, or to such Person " as may be appointed by such " Lieutenant to receive such Certificates."

Leave out from " Volunteers" to " shall" in Line 3, and insert " now " enrolled and serving in any such " Corps."

After " Roll" insert " a Copy of." Leave out " Twenty-fifth" and insert " Tenth;" and in the same Line, after " of" leave out to " signed" in Line 9, and insert "

" next,"

Leave out from " belong" to "shall" in Line 23 of the same Press, and insert " and that Monthly Returns, " specifying the Enrolment of aft " such Persons as may, after the " passing of this Act, be enrolled in " any such Corps, shall be in lik^ " Manner transmitted by the Com-" manding Officer thereof to such " Lieutenant, or to some Person ap. " pointed by him to receive the " lame; and that all such Muster " Rolls and Returns."

After " by" insert " such."

Leave out "the; *

Line, leave out " of the County" and insert" or other Person, as afore. " laid."

After " required" insert " forthwith." Leave out from " Parish" to "Pro. " vided" in Line ult. of the same Press.

Leave out " the said" and insert " fresh."

Leave out " on" and insert " in the " present and."

After " County" insert " or other Person authorized, as aforesaid, to re-" ceive the fame,"

After " and" insert " shall."

After "mentioned" insert " And that " the Commanding Officer lo trail!-. " mitting the fame, shall annex " thereto a Certificate, ligned by " himself, certifying that he has not, " to the bell of his Knowledge and " Belief, inserted in the said Muster Nn' , . ' Ro4

and, in the fame

9 °'Januarii. A. 1799 *

" Roll the Name of any Person who " has not, since the Date of the patfiing of this Act (or fmee the Date iC of his Enrolment, it the same shall " have been pollerior to the passing ' " of this Act) duly attended at the " jtxcrciie of the Corps, unless prevented by Sickness, or by such " other sufficient Reason as shall " have been duly allowed by the " Commanding Officer. And no " Person shall at any Time be entitled to claim such Exemption as " aforesaid, unless his Name shall be " found either on the last Muller " Rolls, which shall have been so " transmitted and certified as aforesaid, or on some Monthly Return " which shall be pollerior thereto and also insert Clauses (B.) (C.)> and (D.)

Clause (B.) " And be it further Enacted, That no " Person shall be entitled to claim " such Exemption as aforesaid, by " reason of his Enrolment and Service in any Corps of Volunteers, " unless the Commanding Officer " thereof shall, at the Times of " transmitting the Muller Rolls of " such Corps, in Manner aforesaid, " certify, at the Foot thereof, that " such Corps has been infjxfted at " leaftOnceinthcSpacecf the Three " Months, immediately preceding " the Date thereof, by some Gc-neral or Field Officer of His Ma- " jesty's regular Forces; or, if such

" Inspection shall not have taken " place, that such Corps is ready and " willing to be so infjicfted, at least "Twice in the Six Months insmediately following, at its usual Place " or Places, and'Fimes of Meeting:

" Copies of which Certificates shall " be certified by such Lieutenant to " the Clerk, of the General Meeting, and by him to the Sub-division Meetings, together with the " Muller Rolls."

Clause (C.) " And, with a View to the better Execution of this Act, be it further " Enacted, That His Majesty's Lieutenants of the several Counties " and Places in Great Britain shall, " Once in every Year, transmit to " One of His Majesty's Principal " Secretaries of State, an Abstract of " the several Muster Rolls so trans^ " mitted to them, respectively, within the Year, which Abstract " shall express the Names of the " several Corps, the Number of Persons enrolled and serving the rein, " respectively, their Conditions of " Service, and whether the same " have been inspected, or are willing " so be infjiefted, as aforesaid." Clause (D.) " And be it further Enacted, That " Muster Roils, Returns, and Certi-' " ficates respectively, made up, re-

" turned, and certified, according " to the several Forms thereof (A.) " (B.)(C.)and (D.) annexed to this " Act, shall be deemed to be fufcient and valid for the Purposes of " the same. But that if, from any Va-> " riation of Circumstances, or other " Reason, thel'e Forms should not be strictly adhered to, Instruments of f‘ a similar Import may nevertheless " be deemed sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid." .

At the End of the Bill, insert " Form of Muster " Rolls, Returns, and Certificates, marked (A.) (B.) (C.) and (D.)"

" FORMS referred to in the above Act.

"(A.)

% t Form of Muster Roll and Certificates to be transmitted by the Commanding Officers of Volunteer Corps " to the Lieutenant of the County or Place, on or before the Tenth of February One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-nine, and on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December in that and every

"fuccceding Year."

" To A. B. His Majesty's Lieutenant for the of . '

" Muster Roll of the Persons Enrolled and Serving in the of Volunteers,

" Commanded by ."

No. Name. When enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled. No. Name. ' When enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled.

1 2 3 4 5 b 1 S 9 to 11 12 3 14 G C. D. E. F. G. H. , I May 1 794 f

" Signed, Dec 24, 17 x K. L.

Commanding Officer. *

y

39 Geo. III. 9" Januarii, 139

"CERTIFICATE.

" I, K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act of parliament, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for exempting, during the present; War, certain Persons serving in Volunteer Corps from being " balloted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions, and for making out New Lists of " Men liable to lerve in the said Militia," That the Conditions of Service agreed to by the said Corps " of , are as follow, videlicet: That the said Corps has contented [here specify the

" Conditions cf Service]; and that all and every the Persons named in the above Muster Roll, have duly " signitied to me [or other Commanding Officer of the Corps] their Content thereto.

" [N. B. Tht following Paragraph is to be omitted in the Muster Roll to be lent on or before the " Tenth of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; but is to be inserted in all those tq " be transmitted on or before the Twenty-fourth of December in each Year.]

" [And I do further certify, That L have not, to the be ft of my Knowledge and Belief, inserted, or " cautdTto be inserted, in the above Muster Roll containing [specify the Number] Names, the Name " of any Person who has not, fipce the Date of the passing the said Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, or since the Date of his Enrolment, if the same has been posterior to the " passing the said Act, duly attended at the Exercise of the Corps, unless prevented by Sickness, or by " l'uch other sufficient Reason as hath been.duly allowed by me, or by the Commanding Officer of the " Corps for the Time being.]

" And I do further certify, That the said Corps (hath, in the Course of the Three Months immediately " preceding the Date hereof, been inspected by A. B. General [or Field] Officer in His Majesty's Ser, " vice;) or (hath not, within the last Three Months, been inspected in the Manner required oy the said " Act i but s ready and willing to be so inspected as in the said Act is provided.)

" Signed K. L.

Dated the 17 Companding Officer,"

"(B.)

" FORM of Consent of each Person hereafter to be enrolled in any Corps of Volunteers, to the

* Conditions of Service thereof:

* To K. L. Commanding Officer of the

of Volunteers.

" I, C. D. having enrolled myself in the said Corps, do hereby consent and engage myself to the Conditions of Service thereof, videlicet: [Here specify the Conditions of Service, either in the Words of " this Act or otherwise, as the same may be,]

Dated the

f( Signed,

"(C.)

* FORM of Monthly Return and Certificate of Volunteer Corps to be transmitted by the Com " manding Officer thereof to the Lieutenant of the County or Place;

"To A, B. His Majesty's Lieutenant for the of.

* Monthly Return of the ' of >

" Commanded by , *

5 a 0 0 a Lieu1 Colonel. Major. Captain. a 0 3 . c s 0 Lieutenants. Cornets. Ensigns. Quarter-mailers. i 3 a «d 0 u

Corporals. Trumpeters. Drummers. d & £ Privates. Enrolled since last Return. Discharged, or Dead, since last Return.

N° Names. N" Names,

tf Signed K. L.

Commanding Officer,' .

Vol, 54. I, K. I,

Bong's Nat. Bill, reported.

Mr. Covtts's Bil', paired.

140 90 Januarii. A. 1799.

" I, K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify. That the several Persons, whose Names are herein contained as enrolled in the said Corps, since the last Return thereof, have duly signified to me [or other Commanding Officer of the Corps] under their Hands, their Consent " to the Conditions of Service thereof.".

" ( D. )

"ABSTRACT of Muster Rolls to be Yearly transmitted by the Lieutenants of Counties, £sV. to " One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

" To M. N. One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

" Abstract of Muster Rolls of Volunteer Corps within the of

" received, by me, O. P. His Majesty's Lieutenant for the fame, since the Day of " in the Year

No Names and Description of Corps. Number of Persons rnroiled and serving the rein. Conditions of Service. When inspected, or if willing to be so, as required by the Act 39 Geo. III.

1 Gent. & Yeomanry. 60 As required in the Act > 39 Geo. III. Inspected 25 05lr 1799.

2 Infantry. too Within the said Town only. Not inspected, but willing to be so,

3 D° . 70 In any Part of Great Britain. D *

Uc. Cfr; &c. fcff.

( - «. , i

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Pr. 2. 1. 4. To leave out " across " and insert Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, " over" instead thereof,

agreed to by the House. And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

Ordered, That Mr. Hujhijfon do carry the Bill to the severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, to the Amendments made by their Lordships. RefoThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to enable Thomas , Esquire, Banker,

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to to make a Communication between his Buildings on whom the Bill for naturalizing George Bong, was the opposite Sides of William , in the Parish of committed; That the Committee had examined the Saint Martin in the , within the City and Liberty Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be of Westminster, by a covered Passage to be built over the true; and that the Committee had directed him to said Street.

report the Bill to the House, without any Amend- Orde, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the me'nt: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted. The Lord Hawke/hury reported from the Committee, Liverpool

to whom the Report was re-committed, which was ^commkted An ingrafted Bill to enable Thomas Coutts, Esquire, made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Report, re-Banker, to make a Communication between his Build- the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, potted. , ings on the opposite Sides of William Street, in the of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster,

Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and in Common Council assembled, was referred; That Liberty ot ll cjhnu:sler, was rfad the Third Time. the Committee had further examined, and found, that.

The Amendments following were severally proposed although the Standing Orders of the House, relative to to be made to the Bill; v:z. Paving Bills, had not been complied with, yet it 'appeared

39 Geo. III.

90 Januar

peared to the Committee, that the proposed Improvement would be attended with very important Advantages to the Inhabitants of the said Town; and that it would render the Approaches to the Docks and Quays,. which are already made, and to the additional Works, respecting which an Application has been made to the House in this Session of Parliament, more safe and commodious for the Trade and Commerce of the said Town; and that it was not determined to apply to Parliament until the Time for giving the Notices was expired; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Henry Brown, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Commerce of the said Town has for some Years past progressively and considerably increased, and is likely so to do, and in proportion to such Increase its Populousness has been greatly augmented, and in consequence thereof, a great many new made Streets have been laid out, and Buildings have been erected, and many of the old Streets in the said Town are harrow, dangerous, and inconvenient, and the Levels of many of such new made Streets are improperly and irregularly laid out, and no Common Sewers made through the fame, and also many Windmills, Limekilns, and other Annoyances, areerected too near the Streets and Highways Tn the said Town.

And the Witness further said. That the Pavement and Common Sewers of the Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, within the said Town, are in many Places kept in bad Repair, and- it would be a great Safety and Convenience, not only to the Inhabitants, but to all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets and Public Passages were properly paved, and the said old Streets made wider, more safe, and convenient, and the Levels of such new made, or hereafter to be made, Streets, properly laid out, and Common Sewers made, and the Nuisances and Annoyances removed and prevented.'

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Confederation of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the Quarter Sef-

fions, to be holden for the County Palatine of

cajier, and Three Times in some one Newspaper of the said County Palatine, in the present Month of January, and in the Month of February next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Accounts, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

ordered. Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund for Fuad°.lld4ted he Year ended the 5th Day of January 1799, and also of the actual Payments thereout within the said Year, and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it flood on the 5th Day of January 1799 (subject to such Decrease of Charge as may arise from the Decrease in the Charges of Management of Stock purchased by the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt); distinguishing the Income applicable to paying the Charge for Debt existing prior to the Year 1793 > and also the Income derived from the Duties impoied in each subsequent Year, together with the Charge created in each corresponding Year, and in Respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, such Charge was created in each of the said Years.

Tubliei . Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ordinary Revenues, and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1799; distinguishing England from Scotland, and distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the Vo it. 54.

141

Amount of the Gross Receipt, the Rate per Centum, for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments, out of the Gross Receipt, on each Head respectively; distinguishing also the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate, per Centum, for coUedting the fame; and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce on each Head respectively j < distinguishing also the Payments into the Exchequer; and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 5th Days of January 1798 and 1799 respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Year; together with the Amount of the unappropriated Balances remaining in the Exchequer, upon each of the Days above-mentioned.

A Petition of Godfrey Bitterman was presented to the Bittfrman' House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given Pctlt °n to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

c>

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

John Pitt and Mr. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

A Petition of George Erck was presented to the E-ck's Nat, House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given ^etltion to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ad-cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Sir John William Anderson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Rogrf Assent

Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's. Commission, for declaring His Royal Afi'ent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Duke of Portland, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties:

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-first Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain " such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government:"

An Act for exempting, during the present War, certain Persons serving in Volunteer Corps from being

O 0 bailotted

to

Rickett's Divorce Bill, committed.

WiikeN Nat. Bill, committed.

14^ 9° — 2 2° Januarii. 17 99.

allotted Tor the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions, and, for making out new Lilts-of Men liable to, serve; in the said Militia:

; An Act to indemnify suchPei Tons as have omitted to ^quality t.heinielves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnity justices of the: Peace, or others, who have omitted -to.register or deliver in'-their Qualifications . within the Time directed by Law, and for extending . the Time limited for those Purposes until the Twenty-fifth Pay of December One thousand Severn hundred and Nihety-nine; to indemnify Members ajid Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Ad-. Riiffions have been omitted to be stamped according to . Paw, or, living jsecn i tamped, have been-lost or mislaid, and for allowing them until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-. nine> to provide. Admissions duly stamped; to -permit /fuel} Persons.as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies ind SolicitoVs, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand Seven hundred apd Ninety-nine; to allow to such Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, until the Twenty-fecund Day Ot June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for Payment of the same to indemnify Attornies who have omitted to enter their CertiticUes.according to Law, and for allowing them until the Fir It Dry of Easter Term to enter the same with the proper. Officer; and for ,iju!cmniiying Deputy Licute-‘nants, and Officers of the Militia, who have negiefted to transmit Descriptions ot their (Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for that -Purpose, until the First Day of September Oqe thousand Seven hundred and'Ninety-nine:

An Act to revive and coni inue, Intil -Thirty Days -after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, polled in the Thirty-third- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the Seven teeijth :D.y of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, intituled, "An Act " for establishing Courts of judicature in the Islandof " Newfoundland, and the lllands adjacent

An Act for naturalizing Charles Fredrick Hennings:

An Act for naturalizing John Roger An Act for naturalizing Hermenegild Augujhis Maria same Haiti:

An Act for naturalizing John Alexander Martin:

An Act for naturalizing John Everard Heytnan:

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Schick:

An Act for naturalizing John Lawrence Griest An Act for naturalizing Adolphus Kent:

An Act for naturalizing Johann George

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dill'olving the Marriage of Edward Jervis Esquire, with the Honourable Cajfandra Twifleton, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the 12th

Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit- ' nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

A Bill for naturalizing Christian John was read a Second Time.

6

" Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Pitt,- Mr. Adams,' he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,: at1 Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the: Report from the Committee, to whom it was'referred to examine the several Lifts, which had been delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth - Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein-mentioned, be now received.

Mr. Longaccordingly reported from the said Committee,;That the-Committee had examined the'Lifts accordingly, and had diitfted him, to report to the 1 House the Name of tvefy 'Member whole Name appeared in Twenty, or more, of the said' Liftsand he read the ‘Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The House was-moved, That' the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names 'cr such Persons who should appear to hold, or to have held,-any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, ftiouhl be -struck out of the said 'Report by the Order of the -House, might be read.

And- the same being read accordingly;

'The laid Report was read, and is as toiloweth; viz.

Charles Twbr,‘ Esquire, Sir 'Baronet,

Nathaniel Dance, Esquire, ' Esquire, Sir

Henry Paulet Saint John Miu lm ay /Baronet, Sir Heathcote, Baronet, Henry Thornton, Esquire, Sir 'Thomas

Charles Bunbury, '-Baronet, - the Honourable John -house. Sir William Puheney,' BarOrtct, Thomas Esquire, John Slarkburne bf Lancdshire, Elfluir'e, Lord Viscount Morpeth, Charles Shaw Lefevre, ' Esquire, the Lor(l-Heryey, Sir ' William 'Toting, Baronet, John Dent,

' Esquire, James Adams, Esqtaire, the honourable Cropley Ashley, -the Honourable Evelyn Pierrepont, Scrope . nard, - Esquire,. William Mitford, Esquire, hraham Bootk, Esquire, WiH Esquire, 'Sir James Murray Pulteney, BarOnet, Edzdard,

Esquire, Henry Rankes, Esquire, William.

Esquire, Charles Abbot, -' Esquire, Thomas G ‘Esquire, Lord Granville I^vefon Gower, Lord Evelyn James Stuart, the Marquis of Worcester, Thomas Esquire , Richard Ellison, Esquire, Esquire, the Lord Huntingfield, Charles Brugge, Esquire, John Addington, Esquire, John Hook ham Frere, Esquire.

- And. then the House adjourned till Turf Jay Sevennight, the 22d Day of this Instant January, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Mart is, 220 die Januarii;

Anno 39° Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1799. Prayer.

SIR William Young reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting in Edward,

" Doctor. in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, " and Assigns, the iole Property of his Invention Of " Discovery of thuL'lc and Application of certainVe- getables, for dying, staining, printing, and painting; " certain valuable'Colours, throughout , tha>t Part of " His Majesty's Kingdom of caUtsd; iNg" *

" land, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town of- Ber-

" wick

Report East India Judicature,

Dr. Bancroft' Patent Bill, reported.,

Bong's Nit - Hilly polled.

Gukleford, See. Roads Petition.

Lea Bridge Roads, Pe-tkiop.

39 Geo. III. ' 22° Januarii.. .: .: j

4 - ' ‘ ., t j j. i.' \ > f " - r ‘ J- j' ' ;' ‘ 'if ‘ r-

" Kick upon 'tweed, for a limited Time;" and fur extend-. Part of the Money'originally borrowed'.on the Credii of ing the fa^ne to and throughout that Part of Great Bri-the Tolls -thereby-granted remains -yet unpaid,'; which tain called Scotland, for a Time to be limited, was com-- Cannot be-discharged, nor-the said Bridge- and 'Roads -mitted; That the Committee had examined the AlIega--osupported, maintained,' -and- kept in Repair, unless the . tions of the Bill? and found the same to be true; ancLthat. iTermi and Powers of the said Acts are further continued: the Committee had gone through the Bill, and 'made j. And therefore praying, That Leave, may be- given "to " several Amendments thereunto which they had di--. bring in -a- Bill ro continue- the Term and ‘Powers fefefted him ,to report to the House; and he read the '/granted by the laid Acts, in such Manner as the House

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, (half think just- and proper/ ....

.with the Amendments, in at the ..Clerk's Table: Where ... j Ordered, -That' (he laid Petition be: referred to^ the ' the 'Amendments wer$ Once read throughout; and .-Consideration of a Committee: And that they.cfefcxa-' then Second, Time, One, by Qne.; and, upon; the -.mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame,'as‘it Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the shall appear to them, to the House: - ' ' h-

House. , ..... , l... u.. And-it is referred to :Mr.wMabnvaringl 'Mt . [Byvfit

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be -fee.: -And -they are to meet Tomorrow ;\lorni, ng? at "ingfofled. p Nine of the dock, iii the Speaker's Chamber;'ihd

s - ' i - j _ . have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and.Records.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing- George Bongpvtas .: - -- - - jy

read the Third Time. /-A A Petition of the ReftorsLChuiThwarden^1 Over- St. Andrew's,

"Refolded, That the Bill do. pass: And that the Title Peers of the Poor,'and: principal Inhabitants-,' ,of-'thjit p^p^ttoe,

,. be, An Act for naturalizing George Bong. ..... ;Eart of the Parish of Andrew, which lies

Ordered, That Sir William Young do carry the Bill to -iabove the -Bars^ in the County of Middlesex, and the the Lords, and delirc theis Concurrence. Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County,

, . „ ...; > whole Names are thereunto' subscribed,1 orr Behalf of

A Petition of several Trustees for the First and themselves, and the Rest of the Inhabitants of the Second District of Roads, comprized in Twq several laid Pari fl-»es,; was presented' to the House,! and read;

Acts, one passed, in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of Setting Forth, That.an Act;- passed in the- Sixth Yeat of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Rein the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for regulation-and Employment of the Poor, and for cjcanf- - -pairing and widening |he Road from the North End of ing, lighting, and watching, the Squares,. Streets,

Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke, next GulJeford, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish - through Gu/de/qrd, to Audi ew]$ Cross, and to Alford Bars, of Saint Andrew, Holborn, which lies above the Bars, in the County of Surrey, atjd from thence to Saint Marfsin the' County of..Middlesex, and the Parish of

Gaie,')n. Arundel, in the County of Sujftx, was presented George the the said County; and that, by

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roacjs, another Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign directed to be;repaired by the said Acts,.are made Two of His present Majesty;.to. amend, and render more-TDiftrifts, and separate Trustees arc appointed, and Tolls effectual, several Acts made relating to paving, cleans-'granted, for repairing and widening, the..Roads within ing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, anil . each District; and that the Trustees for each District of other Places, within the City and Liberty of Wcfimin-the said Roads, have borrowed fevejal Sums of'Money 'Jler, , and Parts, adjacent, lb much of the said A <5, jupqhj the.Credit.of the Tolls authorizedjto be collected of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty as relates to within each District,: wfeich foilf remai&due, and which, cleansing and lighting the Squares,- Streets-, Lanes, and together with tlje said Tolls, have, befin, tlpplied according other Places, within the said Parishes, wasi repealed1;

Jo tlje pireftions of the said Acts;. and that the Term of and ,that the Poor, belonging to the said Parishes, have the said Acts is near expiring, and the Money borrowed, for many Years pad very much increased, and are now and due as aforesaid, cannot be paid off, and the Roads Very numerous, and maintained at a great Expencej; kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts that the-.present Workhouse has become too ftnall, and pe further continued, ..and feme Amendments -and it will be necessary toenlatge the fame, or tobyild anew Alterations made thereto: And therefore , praying, Workhouse, for the better Accommodation and Employ-That Leave may be given to bring in, a. Bill for conti- ment "of the said Poor; and-that the Powers granted by huing the Term, and altering and enlarging feme of the the said Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty,

Powers, of the said Acts, for such.Time, and in such for the Management of the Poor, and for regulating, the Manner, as the House shall think proper. . Nightly Watch and Beadles-within the said Parishe.s,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the have been found insufficient, and the several Purposes Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exa- before-mentioned might be better and more completely mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it fllall carried into Execution, if the said Act, so far as respects appear to them, to the House: , - ' the Management of the Poor, and the Regulation of the

And it is referred to General Norton, Lord William Watchmen and Beadles of the said Parishes, was rc;-Russel/, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, pealed,-and other and more effectual Powers granted at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's. Chamber; for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leavfe and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers,- and may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Records. . ' Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under

- , ... ..... ' such Regulations, as to the House shall fccin meet.

A Petition- of several Trustees appointed to put ia r Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Execution Two Acts, made i.n the Thirtieth Year of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exit'-the Reign of his. late Majesty, and the Eighteenth mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building % shall appear to them, to the House: bridge over the River "Lea, at or near, a Place, called Jere- And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Byng,

my's Forty, and for making, repairing, and widening, the fkc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Roads from-thence into the Great Roads at Snarcjlrookp, Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and

in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, In the County of have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Middlesex,-and to feme of whom. Monies are due.on the - 1

Credit of the said Acts, was presented to the House, and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Tor.s Nnviga-read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded thereunto subscribed, being Conlervators of the River luu tu loa in the Execution of the said Acts, and a considerable Tone, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the Vox. £4> — ' House,

South Brent and Lymp-fhjjn ir.clo-iurc Petition.

Cradley Chapel Petition.

144 , 22° Januarii. A. 1799.

Hause, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to , in the '

County of Somerset, several Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, were granted for making and keeping the said River navigable > and that, by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, certain other Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, were granted for improve ing the said Navigation; and that many Doubts have arisen as to the Construction of certain Clauses in the said Acts, which it is expedient should be explairted by the Authority of Parliament, and some of the Provisions of the said Acts altered or repealed, and further Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, granted for the better carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

fee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and haye Power to fendf or Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of: several Persons, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the several Parishes of South Brent and

Lympsham, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and the Petitioners apprehend it would be very advantageous to them, and to all other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to them, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, tinder such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton, and Mr. Dickinson, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Beji, of in the Parish of

Halejoweit, in the County of , and of Ed-

mund Hall, in the University of Oxford, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish of Halesowen, which lies in the Counties of Salop and Worcester, is very extensive, and the Inhabitants thereof are become so numerous, that the present Vicarage Church is too small to contain them; and that there is, within the said Parish, a Hamlet, or District, called Cradley, situate at a great Distance from the said Church, by reason whereof many of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet are precluded from attending Public Worship in the said Church; and that the Petitioner, and divers other Persons, by or from voluntary Contributions collected for that Purpose, and by Monies raised and borrowed upon their Security, have crected a Church or Chapel within the said Hamlet of Cradley, and have provided a Cemetery adjoining thereto, and to be used therewith; and that such new Church or Chapel, having, with the Consent of the Vicar of the said Parish, and of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese, been duly consecrated, is now resorted to by the Inhabitants of the said fbunlet for Public Worship; jand that the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Church or Chapel, and Cemetery, was, prior to the Consecration thereof, vested in the Petitioner; and it is expedient that the said Church or Chapel should be made a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and that proper and necessary Rules, Orders, and Regulations, should be established, for the Use, Support, and Management; thereof, and that the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to the same should be settled and permanently fixed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Church or Chapel a perpetual Cure or Benefice, and for effectingother the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Ozven (from the Directors of the East India Company) attended at the

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads

of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office. Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for. Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal,

Bahar, and OriJJa, and in Benares and Oude; distinguish-

ing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 3. A Comparison of the estimated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Police Taxes, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sale of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1796-7, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium for the said Year: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Saint George, and at the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, from the Rajah of Tanjore, and Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to , the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 6. A Comparison of the estimated and actual

Amount

East India Company' Revenue Account t pre fented.

3q Geo. Ill 22 Januarii. 14$

Amount of the Revenues of the India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint , and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob oi'Ar, Rajah of tde.

Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for the- Year 1796=7 and of the Charges defrayed, for the same Year, oy the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars; distinguishing the same respectively, under the several Heads of Civil and Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N° 7. An Accotuit of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of , and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues and Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for Three Years according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Annual ChafgCs defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 9. A Comparison of the efti mated and actual Amount of the Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues and Customs, Farms and Licences, &c. for the Year 1796-7, and of the Charges defrayed, for the same Year, by the said Company in the said Presidency and Settlements; distinguishing the same respectively under the several Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and collecting the Revenues and Customs: And also,

N® 1 o. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, at Madras, and at Bombay, so far as the same can be distinguillied from the Civil or other Charges respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N® 10 fa.) An Account of the Expences of the Residency of Fort Marlborough and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N® 10 (b.) Amount of the Expences of the Island of Saint Helena, and the Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 11. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from ift. May 1797 to 30th April 179S: And also,

N° 12. Abstraa Estimate of the probable Resources end Disbursements of the Madras Government, from ift May 1797 to 30th April 1798: And also,

N 13. Abstract Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from tft May 1797 to 30th April 1798: Amd also,

N 14. A general Abstract of the Estimates of the Revenues and Charges of the Presidencies of Fort liam. Fort Saint George, and Bombay, from ift May 1797 to 30th April 1798: And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and ‘ for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices, together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 16. Amount of the Bond and other Debts owing by the East India Company, at their foveral Presidencies Vol. 54,

in the East Indies, on the 30th April 1797, the cf Interest which such Debts reflectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also, .

N° 17. An Atcouat of the Amount of Debts subscribed in India between 30th April 1796 and ift 1797, agreeable to the Court's Orders ©t 25 th 1793: Arid also,

N® i8. Abstract Statement of the Receipts arid Disburseriitrits of the Bengal Government, ficm ift My 1796 to 30th April 1797: And also,

N° 19. Abstract Staterhent of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from ift May 1796 to 30th April 1797: And also,

N® 20. Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, from ift May 1796 to 30th April 1797: And also,

N® 21. An Account of the Balaiice of Quick Stock exhibiting a State of the Company's Affairs, in respect to their Debts and Assets, as they flood at the several Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and at the Residency of Fort Marlborough, and FaClory of Canton, at the Conclusion of the Year 1796-7: And also,

N® 22. An Account of the prime Cost of all Cargoes purchased in India, and shipped for Europe, in the Year 1796-7, together with the Commercial Charges at each Presidency not added to the Invoices j And also,

N® 23 . Annual Account made up to the ill Day of March 1798, Containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof, together.with an Estimate of the same for the Current Year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest, and of the State of the Cash remaining in their Treasury, and other Effects' appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and a-float: And also,

N® 24. An Account of the Stock, per Computation, of the East India Company (exclusive of their Capital Stock) from the ift March 1797 to the ift March 1798: And also,

N® 25. An Account of the Amount of all Goods sold at the East India Company's Sales, from the ill March 1797 to the ift March 1798;

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, (to be perused by the Members of the House. ';

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be fuilicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Rocliefler and thereunto subscribed, on Rehalf of themselves and ^oldFcti-others, Trustees for executing several Acts, pasted in the tioa.

First, Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, - .

for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called 'The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Roc hefter, to Maidstone, and other Roads thereih mentioned, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Truf-tees, appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have made considerable Progress in repairing and improving the said Road, and for that Purpose have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road, which Money,

P p together

1

V

King Kfefc fcge relative to Ireland *

Lange Nat

Petition.

Member added to bring inBitterroau'i Mat Bid *

I46 14® — 43a

together with the Tolls, have been duly applied accord ing to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the said Money so borrowed cannot b6 repaid, nor the said Road properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine thd Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Knatckbull, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary D uhdasacquainted the House, That he

had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz,

GEORGER.

His Majesty is persuaded that the unremitting Indus-iry, with which our Enemies perseverc in their avowed Design of effecting the Separation of Ireland from this Kingdom, cannot fail to engage the particular Attention of Parliament, and His Majesty recommends it to this House to consider of the most effectual Means of counteracting, and finally defeating, this Design; and He trusts, that a ReView of all the Circumstances which have recently occurred (joined to the Sentiment of mutual Affect ion and common Interest) will dispose the Parliaments of both Kingdoms to provide, in the Man ner which they shall judge most expedient, for settling such a complete and final Adjustment as may belt tend to improve and perpetuate a Connection, essential for their common Security, and to augment and consolidate the Strength, Power, and Resources, of the British Empire.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,23 Januarii;

Anno 39 Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1799, Prayers.

A PETITION of Salomon , was presented to

the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. John Pitt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition of Godfrey Bitterman.

Januariu 1799 *

Mr. Mabnvaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Godfrey Bitterman: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Manors of Pattingham and PatJJiull, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors, certain Commons, Commonable and Waste Grounds, containing, by Estimation, Two hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made, it would be attended with great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein i And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways Rnd Means, and under such Regulations and Restric',. tions, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Strutt, Mr. Monckton, and Mr. John , do prepare, and

bring in, the same *

Ap ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in " Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, " the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables, for dying, " staining, printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of His Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of " Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited " Time;" and for extending the same to and throughout that Part of Great Britain called , for a Time

to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging, for the Term of Seven Years, from the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the Term, and continuing the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight, videlicet, on the Thirteenth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, intituled, "An Act " for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, " his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie " Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certainVegetables, for dying, staining, " printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of His Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time;" and for extending the same to and throughout that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Term of Seven Years, from the Fourth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Ordered, That Sir William Young do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their, Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Woodjtock, in the County of Oxford, in the room of Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, Baron in the

Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Leeward Islands,

A Petition of John Gabriel Migault was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered,

Bitterman Nat. Bill, pr« itnted.

Pattincliaitr, &c. Inclosur# Petition,

Dr. Bancroft Patent Bill, polled.

Woodftodfc

Writ.

Migault *

Nat. PuitioO *

feint Bride's (London)

Poor Petition *

Brck's Nat. Bill, present-«L

Papers redirecting a Trealbnable Conspirrcy relative to Ireland, pre toted *

King's Mef-lage relative to Ireland confide red, and Address thereupon.

30 Geo. III. 23® Jamarii. 147

Ordered, That Leave be! given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Gascoyne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Bridgelt, otherwise Saint , in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a very great and burthensome Expence; and that the granting proper Powers for the Government, Regulation, and Employment, of such Poor, would tend to the more effectual Relief, Assistance, and Accommodation of such as by Age, Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable' of supporting themselves by their Labour j to the Employment of the Industrious, and those who are able to work; to the Correction of the idle and refractory; and to the Education of the Infant Poor, in the Habits of Industry and Religion: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Sir William Young, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing George Erck: And the same was received; and read the First Time Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copies and Extracts of Papers, containing secret Information, received by His Majesty's Government, relative to the Proceedings of different Persons and Societies in Great Britain and Ireland, engaged in a Treasonable Conspiracy, and to the Design carried on by our Enemies, in Concert with such Persons and Societies, for effecting the Separation of Ireland from this Kingdom, sealed up.

N. B. The said Papers were, by an Order of the House, of the 15th Day of returned into

the Office of His Majesty's Secretary of State, sealed up.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message; and to allure His Majesty, that, imprefied with a deep Sense of the Magnitude of the Objects to which His Majesty is pleated to direct our Attention, and anxious at all Times, and particularly at the present Crisis, to avail ourselves of every Opportunity to improve and perpetuate the Connection between Great Britain and Ireland, so essential to their common Security, and to promote the Strength and Prolperity of every Part of the British Empire, we shall not fail to enter on this Consideration

Vol. 54.

with all due Dispatch, anti with the Diligence and Attention which its transcendent Importance demands. -And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, thel'e Words: "At the same Time to express the Surprize and deep " Regret with which this House now, for the first Time,

" learns from His Majesty, that the final Adjustment " which, upon His Majesty's Gracious Recommendation,

" took place between the Two Kingdoms, in the Year " 1782, and which, by the Declaration of the Parliaments of both Countries, placed the Connection between them upon a solid and permanent Balls, has not " produced the Eftedls expected from that lblemn Settlement: And further, humbly to express to His Majesty *

" That His Majesty's faithful Commons having strong "Reason to believe, that it is in the Contemplation of " His Majesty's Ministers to propose a Union of the " Legislatures of the Two Kingdoms, notwithstanding " the said final and solemn Adjustment, feel it to be their " bounden Duty, impressed, as they are, with the most " serious Apprehension of the Consequences of such a " Proceeding at this Time, to take the earliest Opportunity humbly to implore His Majesty not to listen to " the Counsels of those who shall advise or promote such " a Measure at the present Crisis, and under the present " Circumstances of the Empire;"

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the ill Day of May 1782, of the Copy of the Message to the Houses of Lords and Commons in Ireland, from his Grace the Lord Lieutenant, delivered the 16th April 1782: And also, of the Copy of a Resolution of the House of Lords in,

Mercurii, 170 die Aprilis 1782: And also, of the Copy

of a Resolution of the House of Commons in Martis, 16° die Aprilis 1782, which were presented to the House updh the said ift Day of May by Mr. Secretary Fox, by His Majesty's Command, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Resolutions which, upon the 17th Day of May 1782, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the gith Day of 1782, relative to the State of Ireland, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an Act, made " in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of " Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain J ought to " be repealed."

" Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That it is indispenfible to the Interests and Happiness of both Kingdoms, that the Connection between them should be " established, by mutyal Content, upon a solid and " permanent Basis."

Then the Question being put, That the Words proposed as an Amendment to the said Question, be added at the End thereof;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message; and to allure His Majesty, that, imprefied with a deep Sense of the Magnitude of the Objects to which |iis' Majesty is plealed to direct our Attention, and anxious at all Times, and particularly at the present Crisis, to avail ourselves of every Opportunity to improve and perpetuate the Connection between Great Britain and so essen-

tial to their common Security, and to promote the Strength and Prosperity of every Part of the British Empire, we Hull not fail to enter on this Consideration -2 with

King' Mef-iage relative to Ireland, to be further considered.

Papers referred to a Committee of Secrecy,

»To be chosen by Ballot.

Way3 and

Means, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Answer to Address.

23° — 24°

A\ 1799 *

with all due Diipatch, and with the Diligence and Attention which its transcendent Importance demands.'

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Mef-sage of Yesterday-, be taken into further Consideration Upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 31st Day of this Instant January.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 13th Day of May 1794, of the Proceedings of the House on the Book and Papers, presented to the House by Mr. Secretary by

His Majesty's Command, which were referred to a Committee of Secrecy, and ordered to remain with the Clerk of the House, iealed as they then were, until the said Committee was cholen, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Papers which were this Day presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Dundas, by His Majesty's Command, be referred to a Committee.

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Committee of Secrecy.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Thirteen.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by Way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do. Tomorrow, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Thirteen Names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table, and the said Lifts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses at the Table, by the Members called over for that Purpc.fe, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

Ordered, That the Papers, this Day presented, to the House by Mr. Secretary Dundas, be kept by the Clerk of this House, sealed as they now arc, until the said Committee be chosen.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Severi-

night, the ill Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 1 ft Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

jfovis .24° die Januarii;

✓ '

Anno 39# Georgii 3,u Regis, 1799. Prayers,

LORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (to return His Majesty the T^hanks of this House for His most Gracious Message and toaffure His Majesty, that, impressed with a deep Sense of the Magnitude of the Objects to which His Majesty is pleased to direct our Attention, and anxious at all Times, and particularly at the preisnt Crisis, to avail ourselves of every Opportunity to improve and perpetuate the Connection between Great Britain and Ireland, lo essential to their common

Security, and to promote the Strength and Prosperity of every Part of the British Empire, we shall not fail to enter on this Consideration with all due Dispatch, and with the Diligence and Attention which its transcendent Importance demands) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same most graciously.

A Petition of the Right honourable George John Earl Mapowder Spencer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth. That in the Parish of Mapoivder, in the County of Dorfef, there is a considerable Quantity of Open and

Commonable Land, and it would be beneficial to the Petitioner if the same was divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Commonable Land, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Manning, Mr. Morton Pitt, and Mr. John Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Court of Directors of the United Petition fit Company of Merchants of England trading to the companjTre- ' Indies, was presented to the House' and read; Setting specting Lon-forth, That the Business of the East India Company, in don Doct -common with that of the Merchants in general, is now, and has been for a Series of Years past; subject to various Inconveniences, Delays, Obstructions, and extraordinary Expences, on Account of the Inefficiency of the present Legal Quays; and that the Difficulties to which the Company have been thus subjected, become very considerably increased in Proportion as their Concerns, and those of the Country in general, have been, extended, so that it is become absolutely necessary that some Mode of Relief should be adopted; and that the Petitioners are informed, that several Plans are now . before the House for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts,

Quays, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping,- Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London-, and that the Petitioners conceive the speedy Adoption of some Plan to be absolutely necessary for the Convenience of the Public, and to effect an Object in which the East India Company are lo deeply interested: And therefore praying, That such Plan, as may appear to the House belt calculated to effect the desired Relief, may be permitted to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Burton upoai thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Voids'PetU Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one tkm. passed in the Twenty-sixth. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of

Derby, and the other passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Progress hjith been made in executing the said Acts, and several considerable Sums have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which frill remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be enlarged, and lorne additional Toll granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

39 Geo. III.

240 — 310

149

Ballot for Committee Secrecy.

of

Lange's Nat. i>iil, pro lented.

Migault's Nat. Bill, pre lented.

Report of Members to be the Committee of

Secrecy-

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Henry

Cavendijk, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet To-, morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glades, of Thirteen Persons Names, to be the Committee of Secrecy ordered Yesterday by the House to be appointed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace, into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summost the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he werit accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order made Yesterday, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Glalfes, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over, according to that Order, those who then appearedfeve-rally put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the Glalfes, at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and, in like Manner, put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the said Glalfes.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which Thirteen Persons the Majority falls:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Long, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bernard, Mr. Mr, Burrow, Mr.

Meek:, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr.

Bootle; and they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber,

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Salomon Lange: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Gabriel Migault: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Me eke reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lists of Thirteen Persons Names, to be the Committee of Secrecy, ordered Yesterday by the House to be appointed, and to report to the House upon which Thirteen Persons the Majority fell; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. *

The Committee find that, the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

The Right honourable William Pitt ..... 47.

The Right honourable Henry - - - 47.

The Lord Hawkesbury - .- .- -- -47.

Edward Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire - - - - 47.

Charles Torke, Esquire ----- -- 47.

IsaacHawkins Browne, Esquire - - - - 47.

The Right honourable the Master of the Rolls - 46.

Mr. Attorney General - ----- -- 46.

Mr. Solicitor General - - 46.

The Honourable Spencer Perceval - - - - 46.

Vo L. 54.

The Right honourable Dudley Ryder - - - 46.

Rowland Bur don, Esquire, - -.....45.

The Lord Mayor of London - - - - 29.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Papers, which were presented to the House Yesterday by Mr, Secretary Dundas, and ordered!

♦ to remain, sealed up, in the Custody of the Clerk of this House until the said Committee was chosen, be delivered^ the Cferk, to the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they- shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, and have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till this Day 3c-vennight. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

lative to Notices for Rackheath inclosure.

y&visj 31° die;

Anno 39° Gewgii IIP11 Regis, 1799,.

Prayjers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names Petition re are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Parish of Rackheath, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, Notices have been given, on the Door of the Church of the Parish of Rackheath, Three different Sundays, of . an Application having been made to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and indoling, the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the said Parish, in such and the like Manner as the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Inclosure Bills, require such Notices to be given i And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa# mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is. referred to Sir William Geary, Mr, Buxton,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Petition from Assistants, of the City of Rochester, in the County of o°R^Mtcr, Kent, in Common Council assembled, was presented to agMnft Ro- ' the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Rochester; and Setting forth. That the Citizens of the City of Rochester are incorporated by the Name of " The Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent," by certain Letters Patent of the late King Charles the First , which were duly accepted, and acted under, and are now the governing Charter of the said City; and by such Charter the

Q q . Mayor,

IS°

31 ° Januarti. A. 1799.

Mayor, the rest of the Aldermen, and the Assistants, are Copyhold, or Customary and Leasehold Messuages, the Common Council of the said City, and the Mayor Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the and Recorder of the said City, for the Time being, the Manor of Lane heller, in the Parochial Chapelry of eldest Alderman of the said City, and the preceding , in the County Palatine of , for and on

Mayor, for a Year after he has departed from the Office the Behalf of themselves, and other the Owners of Free-of Mayor, are made Justices of the Peace of the said hold and Copyhold, or Customary and Leasehold City, and the Liberty and Precincts thereof, and they, Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Two or Three of-them, of whom the Mayor or Re- having Right of Common of Pasture upon the several corder is to be One, have, by the said Letters Patent, Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, here-Power to hold Sessions of the Peace for the said City, inafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and and the Liberty and Preempts thereof, and have, from read; Setting forth, That there are within, and Parcel the granting of the said Letters Patent, held, and still of, the said Manor of divers Moors, Corn-

hold, such Sessions of the Peace, and by such Letters mons, or Tracts of Waste Land, commonly called or Patent no Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent known by the Names of Charlaw Moor, Findon Hill can intermeddle or execute their Office within the said Moor, and Pot hr Moor, containing together, by Efti-City, and the Precincts thereof; and that the said City, mation. One Thousand Acres, or thereabouts; and that and the neighbouring Towns and Villages, are very po- the Honourable and Right Reverend Father in God, pulous, and the Inhabitants consist principally of Ma- Shnte Lord Bishop of Durham, is, in Right of his Church riners and Artificers, whose Subsistence, and that of and See of Durham, Lord of the Manor of

their Families, depend in a great Measure upon their Labour; and the Petitioners apprehend, that it is of the utmost Consequence that Habits of Industry and Frugality should be encouraged, and Dissipation and Li-centiousness discountenanced; and that a Body of Marines is always Rationed in the Barracks at Chatham, and there are constantly, in the Upper Barracks at Chatham, a considerable Number of Land Forces, of different Descriptions, and frequently great Number of Sailors resort to the said City from His Majesty's Ships and other Vessels in the River Medway, and that a Theatre has occasionally been opened in- the said City by Sarah Baker, under the Licence of the Magistrates of the said City, and while the same has been so open several alarming Affrays and Riots have arisen there, which have disturbed the Peace, and endangered the Lives of the Inhabitants of the said City, which Affrays and Riots it has not been in the Power of the Magistrates to prevent, nor have they been quelled without considerable Difficulty and Danger; and that, in consequence of such Affrays and Riots, the Magistrates have Reason to think that a considerable Degree of Warmth and Rxafperation remains in the Minds of many Persons within the City and its Neighbourhood, and, should the Theatre be opened at this Juncture, may probably tend to renew the fame, to the Violation of the Public Peace, and to the Injury of Individuals, which Cause of Contention may nevertheless hereafter subside, so as to allow the Magistrates to give Permission for opening the Theatre without fearing the Consequen-ecs they now apprehend; and that for these, amongst other Reasons, the Magistrates of the said City, at their Quarter Sessions in O last, did conceive it to be their Duty to refuse the Application then made to them by the said Sarah Baker, to license the said Theatre, and they did refuse it accordingly; but, Whenever it shall appear to them, that such Licence may be granted, without a Probability of endangering the Peace of the City, or the Welfare of its Inhabitants, they will be not left ready to grant in future than they have been in Time past: And therefore entreating the House not to pass the said Bill; and that the Petitioners may be allowed to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, on the Second Reading, against the said Bill.

aforesaid, and as such is seised of, or entitled to, the Soil of and Royalties within and under the said Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, and also, in Right of his said Church and See, leifed to him and his Sue cessors, of the Reversion and Inheritance expectant on the Determination of several Leases granted thereof by several Bishops of Durham for the Time being to divers Persons for Lives, or for Terms of Years, at several small reserved Yearly Rents, of divers Messuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements, situate and being in the said Parochial Chapelry of Wilt on Gilbert, and in the Parishes of Lanchester and Kimble f\wo in the said County Palatine of Durham, or the one of them, and the said several Lcfiees are, in respeeft of the said Messuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements, entitled to a Right of Common in and upon the said Moors, Commons, or Tnfifts of Waste Land; and that the Petitioners and several other Persons, Owners of Freehold and Copy-hold, or Customary and Leasehold Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the several Parishes of Witton Gilbert, Lanchejber, and aforesaid, or their respective Trustees, Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, in respeeft of, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging to, their said several Messuages, Mills,' Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are entitled to have and enjoy a Right of Common cf Pasture in, upon, and throughout, all the said Moors, Commons, or Traits of Waste Land; and that the said Moors, Commons, or Traits of Waste Land, in their present State are not capable of any Improvement, and it would be of Advantage to the said Lord Bilfrop of Durham, and his Successors, and the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, to have the said Moors, Commons, or Traits of Waste Land, divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them, according to their several Rights and Interests therein; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with and under such Orders and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burden and Mr. Beaumont do prepare, and bfing in, the fame.

!o» Steel id

Kending ot Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon 1'itejday, the 2d Day of next.

L'tiivh (Pr,

Sic. InciuLire

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Freehold and

A Petition of John De Luc was presented to the D? Luc's Nat House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to PcUUor"-bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And tlifit Mr. Burrow and Sir John William do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are G,>f(.ort, and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Fa-eharn,&c. Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His tioa. present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads

from

39 Geo. III.

31° Januarii.

tSI

from Gosport, in the County of Southampton, through and Elton, in the County of Hereford: And the same was.

Fareham and Wickham, to the Town of Bishop's Waltham, received; and read the First Time.

and from Wickham aforesaid, through Droxford, Exton, Refol That the Bill be read a Second Time. Warnford, Wcfmeon, and Rumfdean Bottom, to Chazvtox

Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the said County, was Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by PaPer5 represented to the House and read; Setting forth, That His Majesty's Command, land/presentV

much Progress hath been made in amending the said ' Copy of Letter from the Lord Lieutenant of Ire-i cd.

Roads, and a considerable Debt is now due on the Crc- land to the Duke of dated 29th

dit and Security of the Tolls by the said Act granted, September 1798 — inclosing,

whiph cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be1 referred to the

Copies of Addresses from the Two Houses of Parliament of that Kingdom to the Lord Lieutenant; together with the Reports of the Secret Committees of those Houses, respectively, upon several sealed Papers, which the J^ord Lieutenant had caused to be laid before each of them.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to

the said Papers be referred to th Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Committee of Secrecy, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it The said Papere are preserved amongst the other shall appear to them, to the House: Papers of this Session,

And it is referred to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr.

Dickinson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into King's Mef-Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham- further Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Mef-

~ 1 1 ferred to a

Committee *

ber; and have Records.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

Nottingham and Derby Roads Petition.

Member ad- % ded to bring in Leintwar-dine, &. c. In-cioiurt Bill.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads therein described, in the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and Derby, so far as relates to the Road leading from Bar,

near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, and applied in repairing the fame, and that the Money so borrowed remains still due; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off, or the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of so much of the said y\fts as relates to the said Roads be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the said Roads, for such further Term as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Ami it is referred to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Parker Cuke, See: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley be added to the Gentle-

I5-

sage of the 22d Day of this Instant January, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Message into further Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth,

ho.

!Mr. Sheridan, 1

Mr. Saint Andrew [

Saint John: J

So it'was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Caafulcred. itself into the said Committee.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee t<? move, that they have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's said most Gracious Message.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Ways and the 23d Day of this Instant January, for the House to fcrjed.'de' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, tp consider further of Ways and Means for

men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several read.

Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on And the said Order being read accordingly;

Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of several Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Open Common Fields and Common Meadows, and of Resolved, That this House will, upon To-mprroW Estates claiming Right of Common on certain Commons Sevennight, the 8th Day of February next, resolve itself or Waste Lands, in the several Parishes of Leintivardine, into the said Committee.

Eil!, present-

Barrington, Downton, Aston, and Elton, in jh? County of

Hereford.

Mr. Annejley presented to the House, according to

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 23d Day of this Instant January, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, To Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Waste morrow, to consider further of the Supply granted to Lands, and Open and Common Fields, within the His Majesty, might be read.

Parishes of Leintivardine, Barrington, Downton, Aston, And the faicj Order being read accordingly;

Supply, (Je, fared.

Vo L.

Ordered,

1

5 *

31 Januarii. — 7"

A.

1799.

London Dock &c.

Bili, deferred.

London Port Bill, deferred.

Pveftiam Roads Bill, parted.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 8 th Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 27 th Day of December last, for reading a Second Time, upon Yuefday next, the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 8 th Day of February next.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 27th Day of December last, for reading a Second Time upon Thursdaynext, the Bili for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.'

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 8th Day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Setennight, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Salop, York, and Ponte-fratt, Debtors Petitions.

7‘

ovts, 70 die 5

changes of Lands and Estates within the said Parish:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways, and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

'And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Foley, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty's' Gaol for the County of Salop: And also,

A Petition of the several Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol the Castle of York, in and for the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the several Debtors confined in His Majesty's Gaol kept at Knottingley, in and for the Honour of Pontefract, in the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Peter Hofman, was presented to the Hofojan' House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to at‘ cUtion' bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John William Andersonand Mr. Maido prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Petition relative to Notic es for Nether Seal Inclosure Bill.

/ Anno 390 Georgii 3 " Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of thej Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Evejkam Bridge, in the Borough of in the County of Worcester, to The Globe hm, in in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the find of the then next Session of Parliament, and for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the Borough of in the County of Worcester, to The Globe in Alcester, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Manors or Lord ships of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 28th Day of December last, Notices were given on Three Sundays in die Month of January last, by affixing the same upon the Church Door of the said Parish of Nether Seal, of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for confirming a Division and Inclosure of certain Open and Common Fields and Pastures, within the Manors or Lordships of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, in the Counties of JayctJier and Derby, or one of them, and certain Ex-9

Saint Bride's (London) Poor Petition, reported.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Herring, being examined, said. That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a very great and burthensome Expence by the said Parish; and that the granting proper Powers for the Government, Regulation, and Employment of such Poor, would tend tt> the more effectual Relief, Assistance, and Accommodation of such as by Age, Infir-« mitics, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of supporting themselvesby their Labour; to the Employment of the 'Industrious, and those who are able to work; to the Correction of the Idle and Refractory; and to the Education of the Infant Poor, in the Habits of Industry and Religion: And,

Mr. Abel Bradley, being also examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill' for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the '

Parish of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, Fleet Street, in the City of London: And that Sir John- William Anderson and Mr. Mainwaring do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Citizens of the City of Petition of Lichfield, in their Common Hall assembled, was pre-Tented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an against Efling,

A A ton kail way L BiiJ,

Leintwanline, &c. Inclosure Bill, committed.

Hurst Courtney Inclosure Petition *

39 Geo. III. f Februdrii. 153

Ail was passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the and

Ejfington Canal, in the County of Stafford, to the try Canal at Huddlesford, near the City of and that such Canal was completed in the Year 1797, and patios very near the City of Lichfield, and was intended to bring Coals from the Mines of Henry Vernon, of Hilton Park, Esquire, at in the Parish

of Bushbury, in the County of Stafford, where the said

Canal commences, to the City of Lichfield and Places adjacent; and that the said Henry Vernon undertook to supply Coals from his said Mines, to be conveyed along the said Canal to the said City of Lichfield and Places adjacent, and in consequence thereof the Petitioners have provided a free Wharf for the Accommodation of the said City, and particularly for the poor Inhabitants, who are thereby enabled to carry Coals from thence to their own Houses, without Expence; and that the Petitioners find a Bill is depending in the House, to enable the said Henry Vernon, his Heirs and Assigns, to make and maintain a Railway or Road from certain Coal Mines in the Liberty of EJjingto, in the Parish of bury, in the County of Stafford, to the and

tVorcefiershire Canal, in the Liberty of Little Saredon, in the said County, with such Wharfs and other Works as shall be deemed expedient for the Use and Convenience thereof; and that, if such Railway is carried into Effect, it will be only for thf private Emolument of the said Henry Vernon, and not for the Public Good, and will convey from his laid Mines the Coals, which he promised should be conveyed along the fVyrley and Ejfington Canal, to the City of Lichfield and Places adjacent, into the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, which is already abundantlypfupplied with Coals; and that the Petitioners and the Public in general, on the Line of the Wyrley and Ejfington Canal, wiil thereby be deprived of the Advantage they would otherwise receive (and from the Assurance of the said Henry Vi:rnon they were led to expect) from such Coals being conveyed along the said Canal; and that the said Bill in other Respects will be injurious: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the laid Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by tftemielves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and allotting certain Walle Tands, and Open and Common Fields, within the Parishes of Leintuardine, Barrington, Downton, and Elton, in

the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Martin, Mr. Lygon, See.: And they are to meet this After-r noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, within the Township of Hurst Courtney, in the Parish of Birkiin the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, and also several Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Common-Able Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners, and others; and that the Property in the said Open Fields lies intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the fame, and also the said Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, are, in their present State, incapable of being properly cultivated and ipiproved; but, if' {he

Vox.. 54.

lame were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry do prepare, and

bring in, the fame. ♦

A Petition of John Yorhe, Esquire, the Reverend

Richard fVithncll, Thomas Parker, Henry Smith, Ann Joy,

John Calvert, Thomas Wilkinfoti, John Holden, and Chris-

topher Brozvn, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor of Appletreewick, in the County of Four certain

Stinted Pallures, called Great Cale, Rujkay, and

Grimzvith, containing together, by Eilimation, 1,300 Acres, or thereabouts, and a certain Moor or Common, called Appletreewick Common, containing, by Eilimation, 5,200 Acres, or thereabouts; and th^t the said John Yorke is Lord of the said Manor, and, as. i'uch, is feiled of, or entitled to, the Soil of the said Moor or Common, and to the Royalties within the said Manor; that the said Richard fVithnell is Rector of the one Mediety, and the

Reverend George Hickes is Rector of the other Mediety, of the Parish of Bnrnfc.ll, in the said County, in which said Parish the said Manor is situatq, and, as such, are entitled to all and all Manner of Tythes whatsoever; Yearly increasing, growing, happening, or renewing, within the said Manor, and are also entitled to certain Modufe8 in lieu of Tythe Hay (except the Tythes of some few Parcels of Land which belong to Ann Joy, Widow); and that the said Thomas Parker, Henry Smith, Ann Joy, John Calvert, Thomas John Holden,

and Christopher Brown, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the Cattle Gates upon the said Stinted Pallures, and also of the Messuages and Cottages, or Scites of Messuages and Cottages, Lands and Tenements, within the said Manor, which are entitled to Right of Common on the said Moor or Common; and th^t the said Stinted Pallures, and Moor or Common, are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights in, over, and upon, the lame, and if the Tythable Lands and Tenements were exempted from Payment of Tythes, upon Compensat ion being made for the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Stinted Pallures, and Moor or Common, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lafeclles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of IViUicm Doncaster, of the Town, and County of the Town, of Nottingham, Gentleman, and of several Persons, interested in the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pallures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Grafihorpe, in the said County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and others. Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Tenements in the said Parish, do enjoy a Right of Common upon the said Common Failure's and Common Grounds; and that the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, in the said Qpen (Arable Fields And Meadow, lie intermixed, and

R y dispersed

Appletreewick Inclosure Petition.

t

Grafthorp

Inclosure

Petition.

154

Februani.

A.

1799.

dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, in separate Allotments, to be made in Proportion to each Person's Interest therein, the same would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of all the Parties concerned; and that all, or the greatest Part, of the Persons interested, are desirous that such Division and Inclosure shall be made: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Billy pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Great Rtaugh- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

StouQRoad»" thereunto subscribed, Trustees nominated and appoint-

Petmon. ed in, or by virtue of, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the . North End of Brown s , in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kim bolt on and Higham Ferrers, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton to the Way Poll in Great Field, near

Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon; and also, of another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers; of the above-mentioned Act, and for repealing so much of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Browns Lane and the South End thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a considerable Sum of Money is now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls by the above recited Acts authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, <pid it hath become necef-. fary and proper that an Increase should be made in some of the said Tolls, in order to enable the Petitioners to . keep the said Roads in Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid; and that the several Terms of the said recited Acts, and also the Term granted in and by another Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, relating to the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, are near expiring, and, in order to keep the said Road in good Repair, it is necessary that the Terms of the said several recited Acts should be further continued, and some other Alterations and Amendments made in the said Two first above recited Acts: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, given in and by the above recited Acts, under such Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the House shall approve of and think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consider'ation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: ,

And it is referred to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, iii the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Member

ad, led to

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre be added to the brinp. in 0are Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Inclosure Bill. a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John Goodman, Efcpiire, John Banning, and the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of several Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Tything of Oare, in the Parishes of Wilcot and in the County of if ills.

5

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according Oare indo-to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Tything pr ' of Oare, in the Parishes of Wilcot and Huish, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received and read' the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are Lew« and thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George Petition, the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, to

Witchcross, and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid to the Broil Park Gate, and from Offham to Witchcross aforesaid, all lying within the county of , Sussex; and also, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and rowers of'an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sufex, and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the 4

Parishes of Etchingham and Burwafh, and from the said Broil Park Gate to the Town of Battle, in the said County; and also, an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, and Sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex, and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike. Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Bur waff, and from the said Broil Park to the Town of Battle, in the said County, so far as relates to the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwajk aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read-;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remain unpaid, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads made and kept in good Repair, unlel's the Term and Powers of the said Acts are further continued and enlarged, and the Acts, in other Respects, made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. CreJJ'ett Pelham, Mr. Bur don,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the Samford Podr Hundred of Samford, in the County of waspre- petKlon *

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the lleign of His

frefent Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the 'oor within the said Hundred, whereby the Petitioners were authorized to erect and fit up certain Buildings for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, and to borrow Money to defray the Expence thereof, and also to make certain Rates or Assessments upon the Inhabitants of the said Hundred, for paying the Interest of the Money so to be borrowed, and for defraying the Expence attending the Management, Support, and Maintenance,

39 Geo. III. 70 — 8° — 90 — 11°

155

Committee on King's Mef-iage relative to Ireland

tenance, of the Poor, and divers other Powers and Authorities were given to the Petitioners, for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution 5 and that, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities aforesaid, the Petitioners have caused a House of Industry, and other Buildings, to be erected and fitted up in the Parish of Tattingjione, in the said Hundred, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor; and a great Number of poor Persons have been received, and are now maintained and employed therein, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due, upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, which hath been applied in defraying the Expence of erecting the said House and other Buddings, and in fitting up and furnishing the fame, and in the Support and Maintenance of the Poor; and that the Number of the Poor; within the said Hundred, hath of late Years very much increased, and the said House is found too small for their Reception, and the Money arising by the said Rates or Assessments is found, from the Advance in the Price of Provisions, and otherwise, greatly insufficient for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor within the said Hundred; and that the said Act is, in other Respects, ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended, and, particularly; a certain Clause in the said Act, intending to empower the Directors and acting Guardians therein mentioned, to apprentice out poor Children maintained by them, is found incapable of being carried into Eflfed; and that, unless the said Rates' or Assessments be increased, and some Amendments made to the said Act, the Poor within the said Hundred cannot be properly managed, maintained, and supported, and the said Buildings sufficiently enlarged, nor the Money borrowed be paid off and discharged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Charles , Sir

William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-pol'ed, That no Measures can have a Tendency to improve and perpetuate the Ties of Amity and Connection now existing between Great Britain and Ireland, which have not for their Basis the manifest, fair, and free Consent and Approbation of the Parliaments of the Two Countries; and that whoever shall endeavour to obtain the Appearance of such Consent and Approbation in either Kingdom, by employing the Influence of Government, for the Purposes of Corruption or Intimidation, is an Enemy to His Majesty, and to the Constitution of His Country.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Order of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr.

Mr. Canning: i Mr. Sheridan,

(Mr. Saint John

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Message of the 2 2d Day of January last; ' .

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Yot. 54.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

X

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{Lord Viscount )

{Mr. Sargent: >

j 24-

Tellers for the Noes ^r‘ ^r<?' ieuers ror tneXNoes,^

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's said most Gracious ftfeffage.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Two of the Clock on Morning,

adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

25«

Verier is > 8° die Februarii;

Anno 39 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1799.

Prayers,

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 90 die Februarii;

Anno 39 Georgii III'" Regis, 1799, Prayers,

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr, Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, die Fe

Anno 39 Georgii UV" Regis, 1799,

Prayers,

A PETITION of several of the Trustees for put-/\ ting in Execution Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of Hisprelcnl Majesty^ for repairing the Road from the Village of Mil' ford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, totbeTop r oi

House ad-, joumed.

House ad- joumed.

Milford and Petworth Roads Petition

i56

11

Februarii.

A.

1799-

of D'lrAtm Hill, and From Pelworth to Stophnm Bridge, in OrdeThat all have Voices who come to the co!hL«,

the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and Committee to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, iJ^don *

R id; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded its t're Execution of the said A els, and have borrowed a conquerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls t lere'r y granted, which cannot be repaid, and the said Hoad? amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term svd Powers of the said Acts are further continued and c larged, and the Tolls increased; and that it would be n »re convenient to the Public, and to all Persons travelling the said Roads, if Power was given tct (hut up t e ]>'elhnt Road, leading from a Place called Lanes, in the Parish of Pel wo over a Bridge called Rolherir'ulge, to a Place called Heath , in the said Parish; and to pull down the said Bridge, and, instead thereof, to make a new Road from the said Place, called CrojsLanes, to the said Place called Heath End, by a Mill called CoulterJha ll 'Mill, and to erect a Bridge over

the River Rather, in the said Parish: And therefore

Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Ac- Docks, See. commodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, BiJ1 and Revenue, within the Port of , is committed.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom Petition w-the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are fpcfting No-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of h^hlncio-' Lands within the Parish of Rackheath, in the County of sure, reported. Norfolk, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

. Charles Hardy being examined, said, That in pursuance.

praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for of granted by the House, on the 2d Day of

effecting the 1 urpoles before-mentioned, in such Man- u last. Notices have been given on the Door of the

given

Church of the Parish of RackhThree different Sutt-

days in the said Month, of an Application having been made to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the said Parish, in such and

Petitions In favourofLon-don Docks,

&c. £iiL

ner as to the House shall appear just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conlkleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall

appear to them, to the House: _ _..... ....

And it is referred to Mr. Sargent, Mr. Mitford, &c.: ^jie jfoe Manner, as the Standing Orders of the House,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of relative to Bills of Inclosure, require such Notices to the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power be given>

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds chants of England, trading into the Levant Seas: And within the Parish of Rackheath, in the County of Norfolk, also, ' which was presented to the House upon the iff Day of

A Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants for January last, might be again read.

Discovery of New Trades, commonly called or known And the same being read accordingly;

by the Name of The Russia Company, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Bill ordered.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; pursuant to, the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Taking Notice of the Bill for makingWet Docks, Mr . Bur dMr. Buxton, and Mr/ John Pitt, do prepare.

Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater and bring in, the fame. Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London:

And praying. That the same may pad's into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

London Dock., &c. Bill, committed.

The House being informed that the several Persons who petitioned this House, upon the 14th and 19th Days of Decenber last, praying to be heard, by their

Mr. Bttrdon reported from the Committee, to whom Upton incio-the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are D^ina^Pe-thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of tition, redivers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Norfolk, to which are appendant or appurtenant Rights of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish; and also Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands within such Parts of the Open Fields,

Counsel or Agents, again! the Bill for making Wet caIled Upton pidd and Fiplky as lie in the Parish

n'rW R,r>nc r,"c -^1 — WnrV. of in the said County of was referred;

Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London (and which Petitions were then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bui be read a Second Time) declined being heard, by their Counsel or Agents, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Manning, Mr. Sargent, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Toprove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. liam Unthank b$ing examined, said, That it would be

London P<5rt Pill, committed.

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Cham- Df great Advantage to all Parties interested, if the feve-‘3cr , ral Lands, described in the Petition, were divided and

\ _ allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, accord- *

Ordered, That the Bill for rendering more commodi- fog to their respective Rights and Interests; and if th? ous, and for better regulating, the Port of London, be said Lands were properly drained

now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolve. 7, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the C un.niuee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, intermixed Pastures, Open Fields, Half-year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Norfolk, and such Parts of the Open Fields, called Upton Field and Fishley Crofts, as He in the Parish of Fishley, in the said County; and for

draining

Water Eatrn Inclosure Pc-titioa.

Petition from Proprietor , See. of Quavs and Waehouse , aepinft Lon don Dockj, dee. BilL

39 Geo. III. i i° Februa. 157

draining the fame: And that Mr: Bur Jon, Mr. Buxton, and Mr. John Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lords of the Manor of Water Eaton, in the County of Stafford, and of others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves and the other Persons interested in Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Manor, a certain Common or Waste Land, called CaJ-heath, and other Waste Lands, containing, by Estimation, 500 Acres and upwards; and the several Perl'ons having Right of Common thereupon, are willing and desirous that the same may be inclosed, allotted, and divided, amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Interests; And therefore prying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, allotting, and dividing; the said Common and Waste Lands, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burdon, Sir Edward Littleton, and Mr. John Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the lame;

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Lessees, and Wharfingers, of certain Quays upon the River 'Thames, in the Port of London, known by the Name and Appellation of The Legal Quays, and of certain Warehouses situate thereon, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Ba-fons. Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth. That the said Quays were established and legalized, by Acts of Parliament, in the Reigns of Queen Elizabeth and King Charles the Second, and by virtue of certain Royal Commissions, proceeding under the Sanction and Authority of those Acts; and that the said Quays, and the Warehouses situated thereon, are of great Value to the Petitioners, many of whom depend entirely upon the Rents thereof, or the Business transacted at them, f(?r the Support of themselves and Families, and they mull, in many Instances, be brought to Poverty and Ruin, and in all Instances very severely injured, if the Business, which has been carried on there, should be removed from thence to And that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the necessary Consequence will be the Removal of the Trade, either wholly, or in a great Degree, from the said Quays and Warehouses of the Petitioners, and the Places where it has heretofore been carried on under the Authority aforesaid: And that the Petitioners Ancestors and Pre-decefl'ors, and they themselves,' have, from Time to Time, laid out large Sums of Money upon the said Quays, and- in erecting and improving the said Warehouses, in the just and reasonable Expectation that the Trade of the City of London would continue to be carried on as heretofore; and the Petitioners have at all Times used their utmost Endeavours to render the said Quays and Warehouses commodious to the Merchants of the City of London, and to the Persons appointed to conduct and manage the Affairs of the Revenue within the Port of London; and that the said Property, thus established by Law, has become at divers Times, and is now, the SubjeCc of Family Settlements, and other Securities; and the Petitioners can only be rendered secure of a Compensation, for the Loss of their present legal Rights and Interests, by a full, sufficient, and adequate Fund being set apart for their Indemnity, by proper Provisions in the said Bill: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Couufel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said

Vol. 54.

i.

Bill as may affect them, and that Provision may be made therein for indemnifying the Petitioners, and all other Persons, being Owners of, or interested in, the Legal Quays and Warehouses aforesaid, for all such Loss, Damage, and Injury, as they may sustain from the Operation and Consequences of the said Bill, or that the Petitioners may have fudh other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall feetti meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are "

thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Lessees, and Occupiers of Warehouses, situated in the Vicinity of the Legal Quays of the Port of London, and in various other Parts of the City of London, was also presented to the House, and read: likewise taking Notice of the said Bill j and Setting forth. That the aforesaid Legal Quays have been established for a long Period of Years, by vir- ' tue of certain Royal Commissions, proceeding under the Sanction, and by the Authority, of divers Acts of Parliament; and that the Warehouses of the Petitioners have been erected at a very great Expence in the Vicinity of the said Quays, and in various other Parts of the said City, convenient to the Merchants thereof, in Confidence that Parliament would, at all Times, protect the said Quays, which had been established under its own Sanction, and are occupied principally by Goods and Merchandizes landed upon, or shipped from, the said Quays, and have been, and are not only productive of considerable Profit to the Petitioners, but also of great Convenience and Accommodation to the said Merchants, and all Persons concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Goods, at the said Quays; and that the Petitioners have been, for several Years last, continually erecting new and additional Warehouses for the Accommodation of the Merchants, in order to keep Pace with the Increase of the Commerce of the Port of London; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and the Business now transacted at the said Quays be removed to Wapping, the Warehouses of the Petitioners, will cease to be wanted by Merchants and others, for the Reception of their Goods, and, consequently, will become useless, the Money expended in the Erection of them will be, in a great Measure, loft, and many of the Petitioners, who depend upon the Rents thereof, or upon the Money received for houseing and keeping Goods therein, for the Support of themselves jmd their Families, will be brought to Poverty and Distress; and that the Petitioners conceive that, in Consideration of their Cafe, as above stated, they are entitled to an adequate Compensation or Indemnification for the Loss and Injury they will sustain by the said Plan being carried into Execution 1 And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for Compensation or Indemnification as aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vansittart be added to the Member add-Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Rte^enh^fm a Bill, purfoant to the Prayer of the Petition of Strick- indofureBilL. land Freeman, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Remenham, in the County of Berks, and Proprietor of great Part of the Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Remenham aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or

S s Pro-

Rcmenham inclosure Bill, presented.

Torquay Harbour, 6cc. Petition.

Oare Inclosure Bill, committed.

Much Wenlock Roads Petition.

158 110 Februarii. 1799.

Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, the Commonable cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Lands and Grounds within the said Parish. Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made Mr. Nicholas Vanfittartpresented to the House, ac- therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- given tp bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and doling, the Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- -for altering and amending the said Acts, for such Time, dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper, the Parish of Remenhatn, in the County of Berks: And Ordere, That the said Petition b<f referred to the the same was received, and read the First Time. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

shall appear to them, to the House:

A Petition of Sir Lawrence Palk, Baronet, Lord of And it is referred to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. v/v,

the Manor of Tormoham, alias Tormoon, in the County of &c.i And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Devon, and Proprietor of the Quay or Pier within the Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Harbour -or Port of Torquay, in the said County, was Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

'the Quay or Pier of Torquay is too confined, and Very A Petition of several of the Trullees for putting in Buildwa *

inconvenient for the Mooring and Accommodation of Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Bridge Roada

Ships and Vessels, and there are not any effectual Powers Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen- catiUil‘

for enforcing the Payment of the Rates and Tolls due ing the Road from the Birches Brook Bridge,

to the Petitioner from the said Quay and Harbour; and and from thence to join the Street Turnpike

that, if the said Quay or Pier were enlarged and improved Road at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop, was pre-

to the Extent of which it is capable, it would tend fented to the Iiouie, and read; Setting forth. That a

greatly to increase the Trade of the Town and Neigh- considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the'

bourhood, and be serviceable as a Place of Shelter to Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the

Ships and Vessels navigating Torbay in bad Weather; said Road, by virtue of the said Act, which Money Hill

and that the Inhabitants of Torquay have lately much remains due, andgreat Progress hath been made in amend-

increased in Number, and the Trade and Commerce ing such Part of the said Road as leads from

carried on at the said Port is also much enlarged, but Bridge, to the IVailing Street Turnpike Road at Tern

there is not at present any Market at Torquay, and it Bridge aforesaid; and that the Term of the said Act is

would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof, near expiring, and the Money borrowed and due as

and of the adjacent Country, as well as to all Persons aforesaid cannot be paid off, and such Part of the said

trading to the said Harbour or Port, if a Market were Road be kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the

established there under proper Regulations and Refiric- said Act be further continued, and some Amendments

tions: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given and Alterations made therein: And therefore praying,

to bring in a Bill for enlarging, and new building or re- That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging

pairing, the said Quay and Pier, within the said Harbour the Term, and altering and amending the said Act (so

and Port of Torquay, and for establishing a Market there, far as the same relates to such Part of the Road aforesaid,

and for ascertaining and enforcing the Payment of the as leads from Buildwas to the Watling Street

Rates, Tolls, and Quay Dues, in such Manner, and Turnpike Road at Tern Bridge aforesaid) for such Time,

under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: shall appear to them, to the House: And it is referred to Sir Richard Hill, Mr.

And it is referred to Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Mitford, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Lea Bridge

whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put reported. A Bill for dividing and allotting several Open and in Execution Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth Year of Common Lands and Grounds, within the Tithing of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Eighteenth Year Oare, in the Parishes of fVilcot and Huish, in the County of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a of Wilts, was read a Second Time. Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening,

Lefevre, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Roads from thence into the Great Roads at Snarejlrooke, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Chamber. Middlesex, and to some of whom Monies are due on the

Credit of the said Acts, was referred; That the Com-A Petition of several Trullees for putting in Execu- mittee had examined, and found that the Standing tion an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Reign of his late Majesty, and also an Act, made in the Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with;

Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and that the Committee had examined the Matter of for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several the said Petition, and had directed him to report the Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he Much Wenlock\ in the County of Salop, and also the read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Road leading from Gleeton Hill to Cressage, in the said it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read;

.County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting and is as followeth; viz.

forth, That a considerable Sum of Money hath been To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the borrowed, and is now due, on the Credit of the Tolls said Acts were read; and Thomas Crisp, Esquire, being authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, and examined, said. That the Trullees have proceeded in the great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Execution of the said Acts, and a considerable Part of Roads; and that the Term of the said Acts is near ex- the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby piring, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid granted, remains unpaid, which cannot be discharged,

nor

St. Andrew, Holborn, kc. Poor Petition, reported.

39 Geo. III. ii° Febfuarii. 159

nor the said Bridge and Roads supported, maintained, County of and the Purifli of SGeorge

and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the the M, in the said County: And that Mr.

said Acts are further continued. waring and Sir do prepare, and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to bring in, the fame, continue the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in

the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and . A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are clevedon in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and jesty, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or others. Owners of Estates within the Parish of near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, re- in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, pairing, and widening, Roads from thence into the great and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Roads at Snarejbrooke, in the County of Essex, and at Manor and Parish of Clevedon, in the County of Clapton, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Jet, certain Moors, Commons, or Waile Lands, com- 1

Mainwaring and Sir John William Anderson do prepare, monly called The Moor, Smeath Yard, The Stroud, and bring in, the fame. done, and Clevedon Hill, and also several other Open, Un-

inclosed, Waste, or Commonable Lands, containing toge- Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to tlier, by Estimation, 470 Acres, or thereabouts, upon whom the Petition of the Rectors, Churchwardens, which the Petitioners and others are entitled to Right of Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of that Common; and that it would be not only of great Benefit Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, which lies and Advantage to the several Persons interested in the above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, if the same Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County, were divided and inclosed, but of Public Utility: And whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Parishes, was referred; That the Committee had exa- ' Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, in such Manner, mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House shall seem meet.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Dickinson, Junior, Mr. and Mr. Gore Langton,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, pasted in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Employment A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Gosberton in-of the Poor, and for cleansing, lighting, and watch- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Pea'

ing, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, others. Proprietors of Estates in the Parish of Gosberton,. within. that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Hoi- in the County of Lincoln, entitled to Rights of Common , which lies above the Bars, in the County of mon, and other Rights and Interests, in, over, and upon,

Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, the Common Fen Droves and Waste Lands in the said in the said County; and also an Act, pasted in the Parish of Gosberton, was presented to the House, and.

Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, read; Setting forth. That there are, in the said Parish,. to amend and render more effectual, several Acts a certain Common Fen, and large Tracts of Common-, made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the able Droves and Waste Lands, which, in their present Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement;

City and Liberty of Wejbmnjler, and Parts adjacent, but which would, if divided and inclosed, be of great were severally read, by which last mentioned Act it ap- Advantage to the several Persons interested therein: And pears, that so much of the first-mentioned Act as relates therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in to cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-and other Places, within the said Parishes, was repealed: mon Fen Droves and Waste Lands in the Parish of

And, , Gosberton, in the County of Lincoln, subject to such.

Mr. Arthur Gliddon, the Vestry Clerk of the said Orders and Regulations, as to the House shall seem fit.

Parish, being examined, said. That the Poor belonging OrThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

to the said Parishes have, for many Years pall, very suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

much increased, and are now very numerous, and main- Mr. Dickinson, Junior, and Mr. Thomas Manners

tained at a great Expence; that the present Workhouse ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

has become too small, and that it will be necessary to

enlarge the fame, or to build a new Workhouse, for the Sir William Geary presented to the House, according Margate Pier better Accommodation and Employment of the Poor of to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an BtH.present. the said Parishes: And, Act, pasted in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

Mr. William Bajingwhere, the Mailer of the Work- His present Majesty, for re-building the Pier of Mar-. house, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence: gate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and.

Then, Tor other Purposes mentioned in the said Act: And the

Mr. Gliddon being further examined, said, That the same was received, and read the First Time.

Powers granted by the said Act, of the Sixth Year of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

His present Majesty, for the Management of the Poor,

rind for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Time for re. within the said Parishes, have been found infuftkient to Private Bills, be enlarged until this Day Fortnight, the tfons'lnhr"-effect the Purposes thereof, and that the same might be 25th Day of this Instant February. . ( ed.

better and more completely carried into Execution, if . the said Act, so far as respects the Management of the A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Oman Canal Poor, and the Regulation of the Watchmen and Beadles CrinanCanal, was presented to the House, and read; PetlUoa‘ of the said Parishes, was repealed, and other and more Setting forth, That by an Act, pasted in the Thirty-effectual Powers granted for those Purposes. third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for Gilp to Loch Crinan, in the Shire of Argyll, the several more effectually watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Persons therein named were incorporated by the Name and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint of " The Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal,"

Andrew, Holborn, which lies above the Bars, in the for the Purpose of making and completing the said Vol. 54. Canal,

l6o li0 Februarii.A. 1799.

Canal, and other necessary Works; and that the Petitioners have made great Progress in carrying on the said Work, but the same cannot be completed, by reason that several of the Subscribers in England and many of whom are Merchants and Manufacturers, have not been able to answer the Calls made on their respective Subscriptions, whereby it is become necessary for the Petitioners to rail'e a further Sum of Money on other Terms than they are now empowered to do; and the said Act also requires to be further explained, enlarged, altered, and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Crinan Canal, and other Works relative thereto, and for explaining, enlarging, altering, and amending, the before recited Act, under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William , Lord Fre-

derick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. Margaret' A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and (Westmin- others, the Vestrymen, of the Parish of Saint fter) church Westminster, in Vellry assembled, whose Names are there- ' ,on‘ unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, being offered to be presented to the House;

1 Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Saint Margaret, is a very ancient one, and for a great Length of Time, at the lead One Hundred and Fifty Years, has been, and now is, considered by' the Petitioners as the Church peculiarly applicable to the Religious Purposes of this House, and certain Parts of it have always been set apart as appertaining to the Speaker, and other Members thereof; and that the House has usually exercised its Munificence by Grants, from Time to Time, for the Repairs of the said Church, more particularly in the Year 1734, the Sum of £.3,500 being found necessary, on a Survey taken, and Estimate made for repairing the Church, on Application to the House, that Amount was granted, and applied accordingly; and that, in the Progress of those Repairs, other Defects were discovered, and, it being absolutely necessary to remedy them, a further Application was made to the House in the Year 1737, Rating, that the Parish had necessarily exceeded the former Grant of £-3 500 by the Sum of £.1,590. 18 s.5 d. but which had not accomplished all necessary Repairs, and, being unable to raise the AmoUht of that Excels, the House, in the Year 1739, granteditsfurther Aid, to the Extentof£.2,000; and that in the Year 1758, a further Grant of £.4,000 was made by the House, for the Purpose of new pewing and decorating the said Church, and doing other interior Works thereto, but the Roof, and other external Parts thereof, have had no Repairs since the Year 1734, except occasional Repairs thereto, af the Expence of the said Parish; and that the said Church is now in a very , defective State indeed, particularly in its external Parts,

lo much so, that the Petitioners are apprehensive of the most serious Mischiefs; and that the Petitioners have lately had the same thoroughly surveyed and examined by Samuel Pepys Cockerell, an eminent Architect and Surveyor, and in his Judgment the Sum of £.6,721. 18 j. j\d. is necessary to effect the Repairs thereof, allowing therein only the Sum of £.366. ior. for partial Decorations,.as fer as he conceives them fairly and moderately suited to the necessary Repairs of the

Church; and that the said Parish, in consequence of its very heavy Poor's Rate, of late Years greatly increased by additional Poor, particularly the Wives and Children of Soldiers belonging to His Majesty's Regiments of Guards, and other public yet necessary Burthens, is absolutely unable to accomplish the above-mentioned Repairs, and to make a Rate for the Purpose of such Repairs, would manifestly lessen the present decreased Occupation of Houses in the said Parish: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that its usual and munificent Aid on the present urgent Occasion may be granted to the Petitioners, to enable them to effect the Repairs and Purposes before-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that t-hCy do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Alan Gardner, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply, de-

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ferred whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednesday Way and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the d ' de‘ whole House, to confide further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to King' Mef-consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mef- t^IrckndT sage of the 2 2d Day of January last;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to consider how far it would be consistent with Justice and Policy, and conducive to the general Interests, and especially to the Consolidation of the Strength of the British Empire, were Civil Incapacities, on Account of Religious Distinctions, to be done away throughout His Majesty's Dominions;

Art Amendment was proposed to be made to the'

Question, by inserting after the Word " consider," the Words " in the first Instance."

And the Question being put^ That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdtefor.hcY^.^;^, J .3.-

TeUOTfor, heNo«,{g} 9- -

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Commi tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mornfng, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of His Majesty's said most Gracious Message.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,

12° Febru.

39 Geo. III.

idi

Amount of

Reduction of Nitional Debt, prefaced.

Mart is, 12° die Februarii;

Anno 39° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1799. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. AJlett (from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account, from the Bank of of the Re-

ceipt and Expenditure of £.4,025,204. 11 s. 2 in One Year, from February 6th, 1798, to January 31st, 1799, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the Receipt 0^.996,717. or. 4 to be applied in the Quarter between iff February ana i&May,

1799-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

V

4

VO L» 54.

Tt An

l6i

12° Febru

A. 1799.

% An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.4,025,204. 11 s. id.in One Year from the Reduction of

D'» - " - - - - The said Commissioners with /

Capital Stock, £

1,291,883 -1,611,814 -126,600 -96,800 - S>9°° -

jC-4.H2.997

To C A S H Paid for the following Stock purchased as the Alt directs:

Consolidated £, 3 per Cent. Annuities -

Reduced Annuities Consolidated ——

> Old South Sea Annuities ——

New South Sea Annuities - - - , -

3 per Cent. Annuities 1751 v ....

°»4SS

76,109

ON ACCOUNT OF tOAN 1793s

Consolidated £, 3 per Cent. Annuities - - »

Reduced Annuities Consolidated?

.4,299,561

£. t. d.

40,229 — 10

38,691 10 3

£ ' 1,186,228 16 11

791,607 3 10

64.557 13 9

49,012 3 9 8,272 2 6

2.099,678 — 9

Carried om

78,920 ii t

a.( 78,598 11 i *

39 Geo. III. i 2° Febmari 163

6th February 1798 to the 31st January 1799, by the Commissioners appointed by 26th Geo. III. for the National Debt.

The Governor and Company of the Bank of England

C *

By CASH Received at sundry Times; viz.

From the Exchequer, being Four Quarterly Issues - - '

D° - - - being an additional I flue ——

For 6 Months Interest on £. 12,196,353. Consolidated £.3 per Cent Annuities, due 5th January 1798

D® ----- - I,8x0,oco New South $ea Annuities - 0®

D ..... 523,000. £.3 per Cent. Annuities 1751 - D®

D® ----- - 7 587,075. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1798 - -

0° ----- - 2,223,700. Old S. uth Sea Annuities - - - 0 - -

0® ----- - 507,000. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - - D®

0° - - - 12,996,781. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1798

0° ----- - 1,860,400. New South t'lea Annuities - 0° - , -

d#..... 53i ,000. ^.3 per Cent. Annuities 175! - - 0° -

D® ----- - 8,643,292. Reduced Annuities Conio'idated, due 10th October 1798 -

0° ----- - 2,270,000. O d South Sea Annuities - - 0°

0° ----- - 507,000. £. 4 per Lent. Annuities - - - 0°

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Annuities on Lives payable at the Exchequer, and unclaimed for 3 Years before the 5th January 1798 ——

0® -

being the Amount of Annuities on Lives expired between the 5th January 1786 md the 5th January 79?; viz *

>745

1746

1757

1778

>779

D»

being the Amount of Annuities for 99 and 96 Year , which expired 5th February 1792; viz. For 99 Year - - - - ,£-48,51

96 Years - - - - 6,

8,5>S 4 7 5,365 12 — 3

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Annuities 1777

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793 *

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Year, at the Rate of f. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £.6,250,000 Consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities -

For 6 Months Intcrcil on £. 279,299. Consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1798

228,146. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1798

319.304. Consolidated 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1798

267,955. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1798 -

- 62,500 — —

4,189 9 8

3'4>s 3 4,789 11 4,019 6

£ r. d.

1,000,000 — —

200,000 — .

182.945 5 10

27 300 ——

7,845 -

113.806 2 6

33 335 10 —

10.140 — —

19+.9S1 '4 3

27,906 .----

7,965 .----.

123,649 7 7

34.050 ——

10.140 — —

25,214 13 3

14,528 13 —

Carried over -

54,880 14 4

25,000 — .

2,099,678 — 9

78,920 11 1

2,178,598 11 10

Vot.

5 4-

i<?4

c-

4,299,561.

200,37 - 0 377 *

309,558 -306450 -

344.750 348,5 3 -

119,267 -

»o 757 - -

£. 6,147,615.-

12° Februarii.

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities ... Reduced Annuities Consolidated

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 17951

Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities ... Reduced Annuides Consolidated ..

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796:

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent Annuides ... Reduced Annuides Consolidated - .

Brought over - -

A. 1799 *

2,178,598 II I *

£. 100,189 14 5 - 100,849 12 4

154,783 8 4 155,800 — 4

172,380 4 8 177,184 6 3

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796, for £. 7,500,000.:

Consolidated £. 3 per Cent Annuities . .

- Reduced Annuities Consolidated *

59.635 5 *

61,388 10 3

Carried over - - £.

201,039 6 9

3 o.5 3 8 8

549.564 10 ti

121,023 15 ti

3,160,809 14 1

39 Geo. III. 120 Februarii.

Brought over *

21178,598 II IO

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

Frcm the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Year, at the Rate of £.1 per Cent, per

Annum, towards the Redemption of £.11,000,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - - - £. iio, coo — — -

2 750,000. £.4 per Cent. Annuities - 27,500 — — -

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of iw. 5d, per Cent, on £.11,000,000, for 66 Years ----- -- - 9,680 — —

£ 1,926,525. 12j. 5 V. £. 5 per C^ent. Annuities, subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills - 19,265 5 —

For 6 Months Interest on £.515,754 Consolidated £. 3 perCent. Annuities, due 5th January 1798 7,736 6 2

D°..... 535,687. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1798 - - 8,035 1

D° ----- - 615,386. Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1798 - 9 230 15 9

D° ----- - 639,446, Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1798 - 9,591 !3 9

201,039 6 9

O.N ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1795:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Year, at the Rate of £.1 per Cent, per

Annum towards the Redemption of £. 18,000,000. £.3 per Cent. Annuities - 180,000 — —

6,000,000 £. 4 per Cent. Annuities 60,000 — — -

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years,~of the Annuity of 9 s. 6d, per Cent, on £.18,000,000,

for 65! Years - -- -- - 12,835 — —

£.1,609,897. 17/. id. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities, subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills - 16,098 19 6

For 6 Months Interest on £.600,253. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1798 9,003 15 10

D° 630,962. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1798 - - 9,464 8 7

D° ----- - 754 176. Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1798 - 11 312 12 9

D# ----- - 791,240. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1798 - 11,868 12 —

310,583 8 8

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Year, at the Rate of £.1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 21,595,800. £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - - - - 215,958 — —

£.4,500,000 - - - D° - - - to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - - 45,000 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6 s, 7 d, per Cent, on £.18,000,000,

for 64$ Years - -- -- - 8,460 — —

£.4,414,074. 4/. 6d, £. 5 per Cent. Annuities subscribed from Navy and Victualling Bills - 44,14° 4 8

For 6 Months Interest on £.434,318. Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1798 6,514 15 4

D° ----- - 589,021. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1^798 - - 8,835 6 3

D ----- - 605,740. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1798 - 9,086 2 —

D° - - - 771,309. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 1 oth October 1798 - 11,569^12 8

349,564 10 u

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796, for £. 7,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Year, at the Rate of £.1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 8,934,200. £. 3 per Cpnt. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - -- 89,342 — —

£.1,859,625. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - 18,596 5 —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of §s.6d, per Cent, on £. 7,500,000,

for 65J Years - -- - - - 2,925 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 110,470. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent-Annuities, due 5th January 1798 1 657 1 —

D® ----- - 166,982. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1798 - - 2>5°4 4 7

D° - 169,774. Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due ^th July 1798 - 2,546 12 2

D° ----- . 230,144. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1798 - 3 45^ 3 2

121,023 15 11

VOL. 54.

Carried over - £ 3,160,809 14 I

U u

.66

12° Februarii.

A. 1799'

<,147,615.

Brought over

c

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797:

441,583 - Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities 437,242 - - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated

£.220,797 14 2 222,283 11 2

3,160,809 14 1

443»o8i 3 4

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797# for £.14,500,000:

293,033 - - - Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities 297,280 - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated

- 146,320 11 9

- I5I, I34 9 8

297»6SS 1 S

ON ACCOUNT ^OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1797: 78,302 - - Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

37,298 10 4

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1798: 159 5 4 - - deduced Annuities Consolidated - -

86,360 — —

7»954 639-

4,025,204 11 2

39 Geo III *

l 2° Februarii.

Brought over - _ £

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Year, at the Rate of £.1 per Cent, per

Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 20,124,843. 5 - £ 5 per Cent. Annuities 1797 - £.201,248 8 9

"6 Months on £. 16,441,809. 4. — . Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

Fitnded from Navy and Victualling Bills.

Funded from Exchequer Bills.

t

- 16,438,175. 5. — .....D° - -

- 765,427. II. 6. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities -

2,034,889. II. I. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities -

1 999,699. 4. 4. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

- 104,432. 5. 8. £.4 perCcnt. Annuities -

270,202. 4. 8. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities -

For 6 Months Intereston £. 293 553 Consolidated/. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1798 D ----- 338,520. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 179S - -

D° ----- - 513,133. Consolidated/. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1798 -

D° - - - - 567,222. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 1 oth October 1798

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797, for £.14,500,000.:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Year, at the Rate of £.i per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £.18,125,000. £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ——

/. 7,2 50,000 D° to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated.

2,900,000 D° - - - - / 4 per Cent. Annuities -

On the actunl Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6s. per Cent, on £.14,500,000, for 62} Years ——

For 6 Months Interest on £.148,907. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 5th April 1798 -

145,706. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th July 1798 -

D .....304,392. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, due 10th October 1798

82,109 — 11

82,190 17 6

7.654 5 6

20,348 >7 x 1

9,996 19 10

1,044 6 4

2,702 — 4

4.403 5 10

5-077 16 —

7,696 19 10

8,508 6 7

181,250 — —

72,500 ——

29,000 — —

5,920 ——

2,233 12 1

2,185 11 9

4 565 17 7

167

3 160,809 14 |

443,081 s 4

297.64 5

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Year, at the Rate of £.1 per Cent, per

Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 3,669,300. Imperial £.3 per Cent. Annuities - - 36,693 — . —

For 6 Months Interest on £.40,368. Imperial/. 3 perCent. Annuities, due ill May 1798 - - 605 10 4

37,298 xo 4

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1798:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for Or\e Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of £.1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of

£. 25,500,000. £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities -

' 8,500,000. D° - - - D° - - Reduced Annuities Consolidated -

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Year?, of the Annuity of 4s. 11per Cent, on £.17,000,000. for 611 Years - - - - -.....-

6375° ——

21,250 — ---

86 360 — —

4,025.204 II

OL. 54,

(' Cent i nut d')

168

12° Febru

A \ 1799 *

By CAS H Received, and to be applied in the Quarter between the ift February and the ift May 1799:

From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly I flue ——

D° - - - - being the Amount of Annuities for 99 and 96 Years which have expired; viz.

For 99 Years - - - - . - - - £.12,128 15 7 1

96 Years - - - - 1,591 8 — 3

For 6 Months Interest on £.14,217,335. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799 -

D° ----- - 1,916,000. New South Sea Annuities - - - D® - -

D° ----- - 523,000. £.3 per Cent. Annuities, 1751 - - - D° -

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1793:

‘From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per

Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 6,250,000. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities 15,625 — - —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 359 754- Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799 5,396 6 2

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1794:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of£. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 11,000,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities

2 750,000. £.4 perCent. Annuities

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of nx. 5d. per Cent, on £.11,000,000. for 66 J Years ——

1,926,525 12 10. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities ——

For 6 Months Interest on £.716,126. Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1795:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for Ota Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 18,000,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities

6,000,000. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 9/. 6d. per Cent, on £. 18,000,000. for 65 Years - - -.

1,609,897 17 1. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities ——

For 6 Months Interest on £.909,811. Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £.21,595,800. £.3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ——

£. 4,500,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuities of 6s. 6d. per Cent, on £., 18,000,000. for 64J Years ——

4,414,074 4 6. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities - - - - .-

For 6 Months Interest on £.779,068. Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1796, for £.7,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of £.1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 8,934,200. £.3 per Cent. Annuities, added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ——

£. 1,859,625. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, to be added to Reduced Annuities Consolidated

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuities of 5/. 6d. per Cent, on £. 7,500,000. for 63! Years -

For 6 Months Interest on £. 229,737. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799

27,500 — — 6,875 ——

2,420 ——

4,816 6 3

10,741 17 9

45.000 — —

15.000 — —

3,208 15 — 4,024 14 io£

3.647 3 3

53,98910 — 11,250 — — .

2,115 —

>.035 3 H

11,686 — 4

22,335 >0 —

4» H9 I 3

73 5 —

3,446 1 1

Carried forward - - - £.

£. x. d.

250,000 — —

13,720 3 7

213,260 — 6 28,740 — — 8,100 — —

513,820 4 1

21,021 6 2

52>353 4

8o, SSo 13 if

90.075 >4

31,161 17 4

789,31 18 9

39 Geo. III.

i 2° Februarii.

Brought forward - -

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per

Cent, per Annum, toward - the Redemption of £. 20,124,843, 15/'. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities 1797 50,312 2 2J

Funded from f 16,438,175. 5. — . Consolidated £. 3 per Cenu Annuities - 41,095 8 9

Navy and < 765,427. u. 6. £. 4 per Cent. Annuities ----- 1,913 11

Vi&uailing Bills. L 2,034,889. 11. 1. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities - 5 087 4

1,999,699. 4. 4. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities - 4,999 4 1!i

104,432. 5. 8. £.4 per Cent. Annuities ----- 261 1 7

270,202. 4. 8. £. 5 per Cent. Annuities - - - . - 675 10 1

Funded from Exchequer Bills,

4r

5i

For 6 Months Interest on £.735 136. Consolidated £.3 perCent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799 11 027 — 9

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1797, for £.14,500,000:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of

£.18,125,000 £. 3 perCent. Annuities, added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities 45,312 10 —

7.250.000. - - - D# - - - to Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - 18,125 — —

2.900.000. £.4 per Cedt. Annuities - - - - - - 7,250 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 6 s. per Cent, on £. 14,500,000. for 62J Years - 1,480 — —

For 6 Months Interest on £. 293,033. Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, due 5th January 1799 - 4,395 9 10

ON ACCOUNT OF LOAN 1798:

\ From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of £. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 13,500,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, added to Consolidated £. 3 per Cent. Annuities ----- 33 75° Deduct an Overcharge last Quarter - - - 30,000 3,750

£ 4 500,000. £. 3 per Cent. Annuities added toj Reduced Annuities Consolidated - Deduct an Overcharge last Quarter - 11,250 10,000 1,250 — —

On the actual Value, at the End of 45 Years, of the Annuity of 4s. 11 d. per Cent, on £. 9,000,000. for 611 Years ----- -- Deduct an Overcharge last Quarter - 720 640 80 — —

The above Dedunions take place in consequence of Provision being made for redeeming £. 8,000,000. of the above Loan within 45 Years.

ON ACCOUNT OF IMPERIAL LOAN 1 797:

From the Exchequer, being the Appropriation, for One Quarter of a Year, at the Rate of£. 1 per Cent, per Annum, towards the Redemption of £. 3,669,300. Imperial £. 3 per Cent. Annuities For 6 Months Interest on £.81,109. Imperial £.3 per Cent. Annuities - 9,173 5 — 1,216 12 8

Baok of England, A. Nezvland, Chief Cashier.

February 1799.

VOL. 54.

X *

169

£ ' 789,312 18 9

11S 37 4 li

76,56a 19 10

5,080 — —

986,327 8i

10,389 17 8 996,717 — 4$

Ordered,

Dumfries and Roxburgh Roads Petition.

Accounts of General and Stud' Officers, presented.

170 120 Februa A. 1799

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Iloulc.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, inte-tested in the Roads and Bridges hereunder mentioned, dnd Heritors in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Ealt End of Cannoby , to the

Mireburn, in the County of , and from thence

by the Village of Cq/iletoion, Hermitage

Da ft on Ridge, Noteof-the-Gate, and to the

Junction of the Turnpike Road leading from Abbottule to Jedburgh, in the County of Roxburgh, the Road leading from Hermitage Bridge, by to Limekiln

Edge, and from thence to the Junction of the above-mentioned Road upon Dafton Ridge, and also the Road from the Village of Gaftletown above-mentioned, by

TinnifiU and Middleman, to the Village of Langholm, in the County of Dumfries, are, during the Winter Season, or Wet Weather, almost impassabie for Coaches, Waggons, or other Carriages, and dangerous for Persons travelling on Horseback; and that it would be a great Benefit to the Public, and to all Persons travelling the said Roads, if the same were repaired, widened, altered, and straightened, the Hills made more easy and commodious, and the necessary Bridges thereon built or repaired, but the Funds, now allowed by Law, are infus-licient for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restriciionr, as the House fliu.il think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir George Douglas, Mr. Douglas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the General and Staff Officers serving within Great Britain, from the 25th December 1793 to the 24th December 1794, both inclusive; specifying the Ranks of the different Officers, the Dates of 'their Appointments, the Amount of Pay received by them, and the Divisions of the Kingdom in which they were employed: And also.

An Account of the General and Staff Officers serving within Great Britain, from the 25th December 1794 to the 24th December 1795, both inclusive; specifying the

Ranks of the different Officers, the Dates of their Appointments, the Amount of Pay received by them, and the Divisions of the Kingdom in which they were employed: And also.

An Account of the General and Staff Officers serving within Great Britain, from the 25th December 1795 to the 24th December 1796, both inclusive; specifying the Ranks of the different Officers, the Dates of their Appointments, the Amount of Pay received by them, and trie Divisions of the Kingdom in which they were employed: And also.

An Account of the General and Staff Officers serving within Great Britain, from the 25th December 1796 to the 24th December 1797, both inclusive; specifying the Ranks of the different Officers, the Dates of their Appointments, the Amount of Pay received by them, and the Divisions of the Kingdom in which they were employed: And also.

An Account of the General and Staff Officers serving within Great Britain, from the 25th December 1797 to the 24th December 1798, both inclusive; specifying the Ranks of the different Officers, the Dates of their Appointments, the Amo ant of Pay received by them, and the Divisions of the Kingdom in which they were employed.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts arc preferred amongstthe other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Fish Curers and others, concerned in the Fisheries of Hajlings, Rye, BrightJielmftone, and New Romney, in the Counties of SuJJ'ex and Kent, was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, it is enacted, that all and every Fiili Curer or Fish Curers shall produce to the Officers of Excise, well and perfectiy cured, all such Fish as he, she, or they, shall have cured, which Fish, being Red Herrings, shall be packed in Barrels of Thirty-two Gallons, for which 65 lbs. of Salt shall be allowed, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and that the Petitioners being obliged to pack their Herrings in Barrels, causes them an Expence of £.3. per Last: That, the Herrings cured in the Towns of Hastings, Rye, Brighthelmstone, and New Romney, not being exported or lent Coastwise, as from the great Fisheries of Tarmovth and but for the most

Part retailed to Rippiers and Fruiterers, and by them vended in the different downs and Villages of the Counties of Kent and Sussex, the Expence and Trouble of barrelling them is therefore useless, and prohibitory to the Petitioners carrying on the Trade, and, the Fish for such Consumption not being sufficiently dried to be packed in Barrels, it is injurious to them; and that the Petitioners and others are, by the aforesaid Act, allowed 65 lbs. of Sait to every Barrel containing 800 of full Herrings, but they beg to observe, that 56 lbs. of Salt is sufficient to cure 1000 of full Herrings, and so allow for Walle; and that, by Acts 29 Geo. II. and 26 Geo. III. Scotch Herrings are allowed to be brought into any Port in Great Britain Duty-free, and to be dried and re-fold

without being required to be barrelled, to the great Prejudice of the Fishery and of the Fish Curers of the several afore-mentioned Towns: And therefore praying, That that Part of the Act of the last Session of Parliament, requiring Red Herrings cured to be actually barrelled, may be repealed; at the same Time the Petitioners are willing to submit to any Regulation that may appear necessary to the House for securing the Duty on Salt, either by making Returns on Oath, or otherwise.

Ordered, That tire said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the State of the Herring Fisheries,

and into the most effectual Means fur their Improvement and Extension.

A Petition of Henry Peters, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Teddingtou, otherwise otherwise

tington, otherwise Paddington, in the County of and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Common Field Lands, or Common Rights, within the Manor and Pari fir of Teddingtou, otherwise Todington, otherwise Totting ton, otherwise Tuddington, in the said County, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Common Fields, Commons, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; but, if the same were divided and allotted unto and among the several Proprietors, and if Provision was made lor exchanging Parts thereof, such Divff.on, Allotments, and Exchange, would tend greatly to the Improvement of their said Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving, all the Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the said Manor and Parish, under such Regulations

Fish Curer# Petition.

Tecldington Division :md Allotment Petition.

12° Februarit.

39 Geo. III.

lations and Restrictions, as to the House shall fecm inert.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Campbell, Mr. Maimand Mr. Nicholas Jittart, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Fofton Bridge, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and RoadiPe- others, Trustees for executing several Acts, passed for re-ution. pairing the Road leading from Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Link Drayton, in the County of

Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate' Hill, near Grantham, in the County of

Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, and another Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and that another Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for further enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the said Two Adtsas related to that Part of the Road included therein, which leads from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton aforesaid; and that the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the lamd in Execution, so far as relate to the said Road from Fofton Bridge to Little Drayton, and have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Road, and have, for that Purpose, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the 'roils authorized to be taken thereon, w'hich Money is full owing, and cannot be paid off, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued; and that, many of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts being found detedlive, and insufficient for the Purposes thereof, it would be more convenient to the Trustees, and for the Advantage of the said Road, if the said

Acts, io tar as they relate thereto, were repealed, and funner and other Powers granted ‘ in (lead thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Campbell, Mr. ferce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Temple Bar The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Petitionment ^0' of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snozv Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, and that another Act was passed, in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of the before-mentioned Act; and that considerable Progress hath been made in the Execution of the Works directed by the said Two recited Acts, but it is found that the Money, thereby authorized to be raised, is insufficient to answer the several Purposes thereof, and that it is expedient the Land Tax, charged on the Premises pur-Vol. 54.

171

chafed, and to be purchased, for effecting the said Improvements, should be redeemed; and, in order to enable the Petitioners to effect such'Redemption, and to fulfil the useful Intentions of the said Acts, it will be necessary that Power should be given them to raise a further Sum of Money; and that the said Acts have been, in some other Respects, found defective, and require Explanation and Amendment: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend, explain, and render more effectual, the said Two recited Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the London final! City of London attended at the Door; they were called Pe in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, for the recovering of small Debts, and for relieving the poor Debtors in London, and another Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the said Act; and that the said Acts have been found defective, and insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be explained, amended, and enlarged, and some further- and other Provisions established, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the said City: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, and restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report thfe fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet I'o-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Petition from City of London attended at the Door; they were called ^VofTo in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, don, against

A Petition of the Lord Max or, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council Bill. ' assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners have, from Time immemorial, and by virtue of and under several Charters, recognized and confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament, had and exercised, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, in,

upon.

Thames Tunnel Tuition.

172 12° Februarii. A. 1799.

upon, and about, the Water of (that is to say)

from the Bridge of the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex, and towards the bad unto London

and from thence to a certain Place called Kendall, otherwise Yen'and, otherwise towards the Sea

and EaO, and in Mcdivay, and irt the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon whatever Banks, and upon ever}- Shore, and upon every Wharf, of the same Water of Thames, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and

in, upon, and about, all and every of them, and also, for all the Time aforesaid, held ju rill fiction over the lame, and have had and taken, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and take, to their own proper Ufc, by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or his sufficient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits, belonging to the same Olhce of Bailiff; and that the said Bill contains divers Ciaules, Powers, and Provisions, by which, if the same were passed into a Law, the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners would be invaded, and the Trade and Commerce of the said Port of London., would in a great Degree, be removed from its present Scitc, where it has flour, fned for a great Length of Time, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the City of London and the Kingdom in general, to a new Situation, out of the Controul and Superintendance, as well as out of the Care and Protection, of the Petitioners, and that such Removal will not only be a Violation of the ancient Culioms and Privileges of the Petitioners, but also be productive of the most ruinous and distrelling Consequences to divers incorporated Societies and Companies, as well as to great Numbers of Individuals, the Value of whole Property, or the Profits of whole Labour and Industry, in a great Measure, depend upon the Trade and Commerce of the City and Port of London being continued to be carried oh within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the said City; and that the said Bill contains divers other Powers and Provisions, the Effect of which will be injurious to the Petitioners, and to many Persons concerned in the Trade and Commerce of the said City and Port of London: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counted, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be prejudicial to their Rights, Privileges, and Interests, or otherwise affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands, cr that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered \That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Communication between the opposite Shores of Kent and at the Points near Gravefendand Tilbury Fort, is carried on by a

Ferry, which at certain Seasons is (owing to the Inclemency of the Weather) unsafe and dangerous, and the River is sometimes totally impassable; and that the rurarefi: Bridge across the Thames is London Bridge, and to pals by such Bridge from Gravesend to Tilbury will make a Circuit of Fifty Miles, the Width of the River being only 900 Yards, and it being wholly impossible to throw a Bridge across the same on Account of the Height of the Mails of Ships neccliarily navigated there; and that the Petitioners have been informed, by an able Engineer, that a Tunnel or Arch and Road (of which a

Plan has been already prepared) may be formed under *

the River, from or near Gravesend to or near Tilbury Fort, foas that a safe and convenient Passage for Horl'cs and Carriages may be made, opening an uninterrupted Land Communication between the Counties of Kent and Essex; and that the same will be attended not only

with great Advantage to those particular Counties, but will be likewise of great National Advantage as a Military Pals, and such Plan has been approved as well by the Board of Ordnance as by the Corporation of the Trinity House: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall i'eem moll meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr.

&C.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trullees for putting in Execution a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester,

through Desborough, Rove ell, Kettering, Barton,

and Thrapston, in the County and through

Bythorne, SpaIdecick, and Ellington, to the Pound, in the

Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, and also a certain other Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said first-mentioned Act, and also a certain other Act, passed in the Thirty-third" Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trullees, for the Time being, have proceeded to put the said several Acts into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remains due; and that the Term of the said several Acts is near expiring, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in giod Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said several Acts, by such V\ ays and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, the Earl of Carysfort, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Ellutcs in the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in which the Lands of the Petitioners, for the moll Part, lie in final 1 Parcels, and much dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present State, not only inconvenient for Occupation, but incapable of much Improvement; and

Market Harborough and Brampton Roads Petition.

St. Ives Inclosure Petition.

39 Geo. III.

12° Febru

that, if the same were inclosecl and divided, and spe'cific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, it would tend greatly to their Advantage, and to the Improvement of their respective Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several. Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the I-Ioufe shall seem expedient and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook and Mr. do prepare; and bring in, the lame.

jselibrmigl'ton A Petition of the Right Honourable Lord

"r‘fe' Viscount Dudley and W, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manors of

Bromhill, Bellbroughton, and Brians Bell respectively, in the Parish of Bellbroughton, in the County of Worcef, er, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors respectively, certain Open and Uninclosed Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, which, in their present State; yield very little Profit, and are capable of Improvement, and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Persons interested therein, as well as the Public, if the same were divided inclosed, and allotted in Severalty, unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their respective Rights and ln-terefts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mn Lygon, Mr. Edward Foley, and Mr. Andrews, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lydding- A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Earl of

Division awi Fxeter, and the humble Petition of the several other

Allotment Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being

Ifctition, Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, or other Hereditaments, in or upon the several Commonable Lands and Grounds in the County of Rutland herein after (ieferibed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the several Parishes <?f Lyddington with Caldecott and Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and there is also in the said County of Rutland a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Uppingham Brand, all which Commonable Lands and Grounds, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided among the several Proprietors, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them, in Proportion to their respective Estates and Properties, it would tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Lands and Grounds; and that, if the Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, payable out,.or in respect, of the Lands lying in the said several Parishes, or certain Parts thereof, were extinguished, and equivalent Compensations in Land allotted in lieu thereof, such Exoneration from Tythes would tend also to the Improvement of the Lands lying within those Parishes; and that , there are also in the said County of Rutland divers Woods and Wood Grounds, called Beaumont Chace, belonging to certain of the Petitioners and other Proprietors, subject to Deer Browse, or Herbage for Deer, and to divers Rights of Common thereon, which are severally injurious to the Growth of Underwood and young Timber in the said Chace, and it would be of Advantage to such Proprietors, and to the Public, if such VoL. 54.

Deer Browse anti Common Rights were extinguished, and Lands of the said Proprietors allotted in lieu of, and Compensation for the same: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several beneficial Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Conditions! and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given -to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon, Sir William Lout her, and Mr. Henniker Major, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons,' whole Names are Gander Lane thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing several Roads in the Counties ot Derby and York, herein after tition.. described, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also, the Road branching out of the said Road at or near Mojbrough Green, in the said County of Derby, to Clown, in the same County, several Tolls and Powers were granted to Trustees during the Term therein mentioned, for carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Execution, which Term is near expiring; and that the said Trustees, in pursuance of the said Act, have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on Security of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be kept in Repair; unless the said Tolls and Powers be continued for a further Term; and it is also expedient, that some Amendments and Alterations should be made in the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the i several Purposes aforesaid in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr;

Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's?

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Namfes ire skipton and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing the Road from Skipton, in the County of York, to Clitheroe, tition. in the County of Lancaster, and Creditors upon the Tolls arising upon the said Road respectively, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That ah Abt was passed, in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign ‘ of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, , in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burfcougk Bridge, in Walton, in the County of and from

Skipton, through Gijburne and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the said County of Lancaster, and another Abt was passed,

(in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, whereby an additional Term of Five Years was granted to the Term of the said full-mentioned Act, and that another Abt was passed, in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and alti ri ng and enlarging the Powers, of so much of the said first-mentioned Act as related to the Roads from Otley to Skipton, from Skipton to Colne, and from Skipton to Clitheroe-, and that the Petitioners and their Co-Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts (io far as they relate to or concern the District or Division of the said Roads from Skipton to Clitheroe aforesaid) and, in pursuance thereof, have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on Security

Yy of

>by v

174 i 2° Februarii. A, l199

of the Tolls arlfing upon the said Road within the said District and otherwise, which Sums have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that all the Money so borrowed still remains unpaid, and cannot be discharged, nor can the said Road within the said District be rendered sufficiently commodious, and kept in good Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts arc further continued, and the Tolls thereby granted increased within the said District; and that l'everal Alterations and Amendments are expedient and necessary to be made in the said Acts, for the better Understanding and Execution thereof within the said District: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberfosce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

and R ecords.

tCnayton A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are

tUrePeUdon. t^ereunt0 lubscribed, being Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Fromsteads, and Lands, within the Township of Knayton, in the Parish of , in the North Riding o/ the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Town-ship of Knayton, in the said Parish of certain Moor

ox Common, commonly called Knayton Moor, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in the present Open and uninclosed State, is incapable of Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure thereof; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Mo9r or Common called Knayton Moor, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Terrybridge A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to bridg^Ro^ds Put io Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, for Petitioa. repairing the Roads from through Ferrybridge,

to the South Side of Fade after Crofts, and also from Ferrybridge t6 Wether by, and from thence to Borough-. bridge, in the County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wether by, and from thence to Boroughbridge, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants; Tradesmen, and dther Inhabitants, of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Acts, or feme of them, several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said respective Part of the said Road, which have been laid out for and towards the repairing and amending the same, and Two several 'turnpikes have been set up across the said Part of the said Road, which Road hath been repaired, but is now, from the frequent passing of innumerable Coal Carriages thereon, become very founderous and bad, and unlafe for Passengers, and great Part of the Money so borrowed i§ still due and owing, and the Tolls and Duties, by the said several Acts directed to be collected and taken on the said Part of the said Road, are insufficient to pay off the Money (b remaining due, and the Interest thereof, and effectually tQ repair the fame, within the now fubhfting Term, and that the said Term will expire in a few Years, and the said Acts require to be altered and amended; and that *

t

the said Part of the said Road may be amended and kept in Repair, if a further Term be added to the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act, and if ad- ditional Tolls be directed to be taken Upon the said

Road, and the said Acts in feme Respects altered and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are skipton, thereunto subscribed, being Part of the Creditors, and Roads^e?6 also Part of the Trustees, of the High Road herein after tition. mentioned, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forthi That, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was made for re-painng and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to near

Okbeck, in the Township of Hilton with Harrowgate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York; and that the said Trustees proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed many considerable Sums of Money, at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the'Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress hath been made in the repairing, widening, and other Improvements of the said Road, but the same cannot be completely finished and kept in Repair, and the Monies borrowed, or the Interest thereof, be paid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers, of the said former Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And ,it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, (see.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Jnc^ thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Petition, others. Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Rights of Common, Tythes, and other Hereditaments, within the Townships or Graveships of

Sandall Magna, Walton, and Crigg/eftone, in the Parish of Sandall Magna, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said several Townships or Graveships, there are several Open Common Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, or in, over, or upon which, they have certain Rights and Interests; and that the said several Lands and Grounds are not, in their present State, capable of any considerable improvement, but would be made of much greater Value, if they were divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights, Shares, and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting,

and

39 Geo. III.

i a® Februarii.

75

and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House thall feera meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilber force and Mr. Henry do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Knaresbrough A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to and Green- put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the Ru^r °ne passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign

twn. of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the

other in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from , in

the County of York, by Long Flat Fields, Flaxby, Allrrion , and Scale Moor, to

Greenkammerton, in t he same County, and for making the same a High Carriage Road, and of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, whose Names ire thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and , read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the said

several A As, or one of them, a large Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which hath been laid out for repairing and amending the same; and that a Turnpike or Toll Gate hath been set up across the said Road, and the said Road hath been amended and repaired, but the Money so borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereof is still due and owing, and the Tolls by the said Acts directed „ to be collected are insufficient to pay off the Money so

borrowed, and the Interest thereof, and to keep the said Road in Repair, within the now subsisting Term; and that the Term granted by the latter of the said Acts is nearly expired, and the faijd Road may be amended and kept in Repair if a further Term be added -to the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act, the Tolls increased, and thd said Acts, in some Respects, Altered and amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the'Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles. &c.: and they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Ciock^ in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Petition.0 the Care of the Turnpike Road leading from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; and that, for the Purpose of amending the aforesaid Road, several Sums of Money have been borrowed, which still remain due, together with a considerable Arrear of Interest thereon, and the said Road cannot be completed, and kept in sufficient Repair, and the Debts contracted on Account thereof be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign be enlarged or continued, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee r And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vou 54.

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tc-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ^clofUre thereunto subscribed, Owners or Lessees of, or otherwise JJ[on.ure interested in, divers ancient Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate within the Town and Hamlet of Ulverstone, in the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That, within the said Town and Hamlet, there are certain Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, containing 700 Acres, or thereabouts, on which the Petitioners are entitled to a Right of Common of Pasture; and that Elizabeth Duchess of Buccleugh is Lady of the Manor of 'Ulverstone, and, as such, entitled to the Soil of, and Royalties within and under the said' Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, and Wilson Braddyll, Esquire, is felled of, and entitled to,

the Fee Simple, and Inheritance of, and in the Rectory of Ulverstone aforesaid, and the said Duchess of,

Wilson Braddyll, and the Petitioners, are desirous that the said Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, may be divided and inclosed, and such Division and Inclosure would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Town and Hamlet, having such Right of Common thereon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ' dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, in the said Town and Hamlet of Ulverstone.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuantto the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Dent and Mr. Tudwaydo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Poole Roads, thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put &c- Petition, in Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the -Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate, and for repealing Two Acts, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads, and also for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within the said Town and'County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said several Acts have, from Time to Time, proceeded in the Execution thereof, and, for that Purpose, several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the said Tolls, have been applied in repairing the said Roads, and otherwise carrying the said Acts into Execution, and a considerable Part of the Monies so borrowed still remains due and unpaid; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair for the future, nor the Money now due and owing be repaid, unless the . Term of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty be continued, and feme further and other Powers given to the Trustees for that Purpose, and it is expedient that feme additional Tolls should be granted; and that the present Entrance into the la d Town of Poole, at the Gate called Poole Gate, is, in many Respects, inconvenient, and it would be a very great Accommodation to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of Travellers and Persons resorting thereto, if an Entrance were made at a Place called Mount Rails, and if the said Gate were removed to the said last mentioned Place, or to some other Part of the said Turnpike Road in Long-fleet, between the said Mount Rails and the Junction of the Two Roads leading to Ringwood and Wimborne respectively: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes

aforesaid.

Petition to amend Smith-ill Inclosure Act.

Veterinary

College

Petition.

176 i FebrUarii.A. 1799.

aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jeffery; Mr. Francis John Browne, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments in the Parish of e County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Bedford, certain Powers were given to the Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Parish, to exchange all or any Part of such Lands or Hereditaments for other Lands or Hereditaments within the same Parish, or within any other Parish or Township next adjoining thereto, in the Manner by the said Act directed; and that Doubts have arisen, whether' sufficient Power is by the said Act given to make Exchanges of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate or arising within any Parish or Township adjoining to the said Parish of in Cales where the

Proprietors or Persons in Possession thereof are under any legal Incapacity or Disability of acting for themselves; and that it would be convenient and advantageous to the Proprietors of, and Persons intercfled in, the Lands by the said Act intended to be divided and inclosed, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the said Parish of Southiil, that more effectual Powers of Exchange should be given: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Power of Exchange in the said Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in such Manner as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tierney and Mr. Saint John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution called The Veterinary College, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Plan Hated to the House, in a Petition presented on the 6th of Februr ary 1795, their Exertions have been continued to carry into Elfedl the several beneficial Purposes proposed to be derived from the Establishment of a College for the Study and Practice of Veterinary Science; that for the general Benefit of the Proprietors of Horses, and other valuable Cattle, they have Pleasure in Hating, that Fifty-nine Pupils have passed Examination at the said College, many of whom are now lettled in different Towns of the Kingdom, and are practising the Knowledge they have acquired, to the great Advantage of the Public; and it is with peculiar Satisfaction the Petitioners are enabled to state, that, the Importance of the Institution having been taken into Consideration by I iis Royal Highness; the Commander in Chief, the Propriety of appointing Persons, educated at the College to be Veterinary Surgeons' in the several Regiments of Cavalry, has been determined on, in pursuance of a Report from a Board of General Officers, to whom the Subject had been

referred; and, in consequence of such Decision, Twenty-six Pupils, whose Education has been completed, are engaged in the Service of the Army, and Twenty-eight other Piipi!s are now«pursuing their Studies at the College, several of them intending to fill similar Situations as loon as they shall be deemed duly qualified each of them being subject to the same rigorous Examination of the Medical Committee, and to be certified in the same Manner as has hitherto been practised in respect of the other Pupils of the College: And the Petitioners further state, that, desirous of rendering, to the utmost of their Power, their Institution advantageous to the Public Service, the Colonels' of the different Cavalry Regiments have been invited to fend each a Farrier to the College,- in order to his being taught the Structure; Economy, and different Diseases, of the Horse's Foot, and instructed.in a Mode of Shoeing, tending very materially to its Preservation, and that many Army Farriers have been consequently admitted into the College for Instruction in that particular Part of Veterinary Knowledge; that the College continues under the Direction of the Profelfor, Mr. Coleman, a Gentleman of Talents and Skill, and wdto, by many ulcfui and important Discoveries in the Science, has, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, fully jullified the Expectations formed of its Improvement, from his Exertions; and that the Peti-' tioners have already Hated to the House the Difficulties which have occurred in the Execution of their Plan; and particularly from the embarrassed Slate of their Finances; and, though the Aid so liberally granted by Parliament has, in a great Degree, alleviated their Difficulties, it has yet proved inadequate to remove them entirely, notwithstanding the Petitioners have, with the utmost Frugality, reduced their Annual Expenditure much within the Estimate of the Committee of the House, to whom the former Petition was referred, and within those Limits to which, they are still of Opinion, it would be proper to extend it, in order that the Public may derive the full Benefit of such an Establishment; and the Petitioners have again, with Regret, to state, that (under the heavy. Pressure of Debt, of which an Account is before the House) without further Aid from Parliament, it will be impossible to bring to Perfection an Establishment, which, from the Advantages accruing from the more skilful Care of so important a Branch of Public Property as the Horses of the Army, is become more than ever ah Object of National Importance: And therefore praying. That such Relief may be granted as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable Henry Vernon, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, to make and maintain a Railway or Road from certain Coal Mines in the L berty of F.ffing-ton, in the Parish of Bujkbury, in the County of Stafford, to the Staffordshire and JVCanal, in the Liberty of LittleSaredon, in the said County, with such

Wharfs and other Works as shall be deemed expedient for the Ufie and Convenience thereof;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

Eflington Railway Bill, put off for Six Months.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ftg"sreiative" to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious Mef- to Ireland, fiage of the 22d Day of January last, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutiofts; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Committee on Report of Herring Fineries, deforced.

Ricketts Divorce Bill, deferred.

House adjourned.

R such Wenlock Roads Petition, reported.

39 Geo. III. 12° — 13° — 14° Februarii. 177

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday as aforesaid, cannot Be paid off, and the' laid Roads kept ' ~J

Morning next. in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be fur-

ther. continued, and feme Amendments and Alterations The other Orders of the Day being read; made in the said Acts.

Resolveod, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Order, That Leave Be given to bring in a Bill for night, the 26th Day of this Instant February, rel'olve. enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Aits, passed in" itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty of the Report which was made from the Committee King George the Second^ and the Eighteenth Year of the appointed to enquire into the State of the British Her- Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening,' ring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the;> their Improvement and Extension. Market House in the Town of Much , and front1

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Gleeton to in the County of Salop: And that

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Sir Richard i#// arid Mr! William Clive do prepare, and the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act bring in, the fame, for diilolving the Marriage of Edward Jervis Ricketts,

Esquire, with the Honourable Cajjandra Twijleton, and Sir R Hill reported froth the Committee, to Buildwas

to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes whom the Petition of several of the Trliftees for putting in' therein mentioned. Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the ported. *

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing arid widening And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow the Road from The Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, and -

Morning, Ten of the Clocks. from thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road at,

Tern Bridge, in the County of was referred; That the'

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had ditefted him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the-House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. fe.a<^ :f ^n<?» . *

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were Mr. Rickard Collins, being examined, said. That a con-not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. fiderabk Sum of Money hath been borrowed oh the Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not Road, by virtue of the said Act, which Money still represent, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a ma ns due, and great Progress hath been made in amend-Questiorefirft put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the ing such Part of the said Road, as leads from Buildwas qocjc< Bridge to the Watling Street Turnpike Road, at Tern

Bridge aforesaid; that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid, cannot be paid off, and such Part of the said Road be kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, and from thence to join the Watling

SIR Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to Street Turnpike Road at Tern Bridge, in the County of

whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting Salop, lb far as relates to the last mentioned'Road: And in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year that Sir Hill, Mr. William Clive, and Mr. Tud-

of the Reign of his late Majesty, and also an Act, made way, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Sir Rickard Hill reported from the Committee, to Petition several Roads leading from the Market House, in the whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names [^forNe^ Town of Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop, and also are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and therSeaiin-the Road leading from Gleeton Hill to CreJJ'age, in the others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said County, was referred; That the Committee had Manors or Lordships of Nether Seal and Over. Seal, in examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the the Parish of Nether Seal, in the County of Leicester, was House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter with; and that the Committee had examined the Mat- of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is ' in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

as followeth; viz. . To prove tire Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said James Blair, being examined, said, That in pursuance of Acts were read: And, Leave granted by the House, on the 28th Day of De-

Mr. Richard Collins, being examined, said. That a con- cember last. Notices have been given on the Door of the siderable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now Parish Church of Nether Seal, Three different Swtdays in due and owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized the Month of January last, of an Application having - to be collected upon the said. Roads by virtue of the said been made to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill Acts, and great Progress hath been mile in repairing the for confirming a Division and Inclosure of certain Open laid Roads; but that the Money so borrowed and due and Common Fields and Paftutes, within the Manors or Vol. 54. Z Lordships

Jovis, 140 die Februarii;

Anno 39 Georgii IIIt,i'Regis, 1799. Prayers.

Mercurii, 130 die Februarii; Anno 39# Georgii IIItU Regis, 1799. Prayers.

178

i >

14" Februafii.

A.

1799

Lordships of Nethei Seal arid XP5er Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, in the Counties' of Leicester and Derby, or one of them; and certain.. Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the fc-verai Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Pro-

Bill ordered.

Conduit', and other Water Works, belonging to the Town of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but find that the Powers and Authorities thereby given, are inadequate to enable them effectually to cariy into Execution the good Purposes thereby intended; and that, since the passing

prietors of Lands within the Manors or Lordships of of the said Act, the said Town has very greatly increased. Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, both in the Number of Houses and Inhabitants, and a

in the County of Leicester, which was presented to the very considerable Part thereof is at present uufupplied House upon the 19th Day of December last, might be with Water, which is very inconvenient to the inhabi-again read. ' tants, and would, in case of any Accident by Fire, be

And the same being read accordingly; attended with the moil dangerous Consequences to the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in k Bill, pur- whole Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more

Knarc (brou gh and Green-hammerton Road Petition, reported.

Richard Hill rind Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

effectual, the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Henry Rose, Mr. Rose, &c.: And they are to meet Id-morrow Morning, -at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of l'everal of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of . the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,-, and the other in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road . have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, ffom Knarejbrongh, in the County of f ork, by Long Flat

Lane, Gouldjbroiigh Fields, Flaxby, AllertoH Mauleverer, Ordered, That Sir Richard do make the Report Fern-Wre and Scale Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same County, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of l'everal of and for making the same a high Carriage Road, and of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Three feve- petition,°re. several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, ral Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from ported. Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, Doncaster through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Fad-whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. caster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to and

Sir Richard Hill accordingly reported from the said from thence to in the County of York, lb

Committee, That the Committee had examined, and far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, and of to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, the Committee had also examined the Matter of the Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said County *

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Sir Richard Hill accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had also examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where -the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

„ To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

- Mr. James Collins, being examined, said, That a large

Hofann'sNat. Bill, present-«d.

Southampton Water Works Petition.

Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of House \ and he read the Report in his Place $ and after the Tolls :'arising upon the said Road; that the said wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Money, which is.still due and owing, cannot be repaid, same was read; and is as followeth; viz. nor the said Road effectually repaired, unless the Term To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said of the said last mentioned Act be continued, and some Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years «f the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And the of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Witness atjded, that the Expence of keeping the said Twenty-third of King George the Third, were read: And, |load in Repair is so very great, that it is necessary the James Collins, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Tolls should be increased. Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execu-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for tion, lo far as the same relate to the said Road between continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Ferrybridge arid Wit her by, and from thence to Borough-Po\yers, of Two several Acts, the one made and passed bridge, and have for that Purpose borrowed several con-in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- siderable Suriis of Money, on the Credit of the Tolls by jesty King George the Second, and the other in the Ele- the said Acts authorized lo be taken on the said Road; venth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for that the said Money so borrowed, which is Hill due repairing the Road from Knarejbrongh, in the County of and owing, cannot be repaid, nor the said Road efiee-York, by Long Flat Lane, Gouldsbrough Fields, Flax'by, tually repaired, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far

Allerton Mauleverer, and Scale Moor, to Greenhammerton, as relates to the said Road, be continued, and some of In the same County, and for making the same a high the Towels thereof altered and enlarged; and that the Carriage Road: Arid that Sir Rickard Hill, Mr. Wilber- Expence of keeping the said Road in Repair is so very force, and Mr. Henry Lascelles, do prepare, arid bring in, great, that it is necessary the Tolls should be increased. the fame. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Sir John William Anderson presented to the House,: ac- Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter Hof man-: and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

And the some was received; and read the First Time. King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the

: Roads from Doncaster through Ferrybridge, to the -South

A Petition of several of the Commissioners appointed Side of Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to

to p t in Execution an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, of York, so far as the some relate to the Road between for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Public Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to; ,6 bridge

39 Geo. III. 140 Februari,179

bridge: And that Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Burdott presented to the House, according to Kst-kheath Mr. Henry Lafcclles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the '

Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of ih!u In ^ctlt on ^1C ^everal Persons, whose Names are Rackheath, in the County of Norfolk: And the same cioiurePeti- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other was received; and read the First Time, uoa. the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Land, and Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Persons interested in the Common Fields, Commonable

Lands, Downs, and Grounds, within the Manor and A Petition of the Right Honourable and Reverend stmhope L>1-Parish of Charlton Marshall, in the County of Dorset, S Lord Bishop of Durham, Lord of the Manor of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Stanhope, in the County of Durham, and the humble tion.'

That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Downs, thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Commonable and Grounds, which are capable of great Improvement Lands, or Common Rights, within the Parish of -by being inclosed arid divided into specific Allotments, hope, in the said County, was presented to the House, according to each Person's Right and Interest therein: and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to laid Parish, several Hinted Pastures, Hinted Moors,! bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, in such Man- WaHes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, ner as to the House shall seem meet. which, in their present State, are incapable of Im-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- provement; but, if the same were divided and allotted suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, and *

Francis John Browne and Mr. Morton Pitt do prepare, if Provision were made for exchanging and enfranchising and bring in, the fame. Parts thereof, it would tend greatly to the Improvement

of their said EHates: And therefore praying. That Leave Molcsworth Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook reported from the Com- may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, reported?Blll> m ttee> to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and and otherwise improving, all the Hinted PaHures, Hinted inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Moors, WaHes, and other Commonable Lands and Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish Grounds, within the said Parish, under such Regula-of Molesworth, in the County of Huntingdon, was com- tions and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet,

mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Bur don, Mr. Beaumont, and Mr. Brandling, do prepare.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and bring in, the fame, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties

concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Pampisford , Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commit- thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and tee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Grounds within the Parish of Pampisford, in the County ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read i to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and Setting forth. That there are, within the said Pariflr, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, In several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by which might be greatly improved if the same were di-One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, vided and inclosed, and allotted to and amongH the fe-were agreed to by the House. veral Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to ingrafted bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in! such Manner, and under Wryhitl Ro»d A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Petition. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing Two Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Acts, palfed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Burdon, General Adeane, and Mr. Charles Torke, do prewidening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, pare, and bring in, the fame, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road

at Lydeway, in the County of Wilts, was presented to Lord George Henry Cavendish reported from Burton upon

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several appointed by, or in pursuance of, the said Acts, have -Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being tiCn, reported, made great Progress in the Execution of the fame, and Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts of have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of Parliament, the one palfed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Tolls arising on the said Road, which Monies, so the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, borrowed, remain due andqwing; and the said Road for repairing and widening the Road from the West End cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, nor of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of the said Monies be repaid, unless the Term of the said Stafford, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in Acts is continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged: the County of Derby, and the other palfed in the

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fqr bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restric- said Act, was referred; That the Committee had exa-tions, as to the House shall seem meet. mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- with; and that the Committee had examined the mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to shall appear to them, to the House: report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. A flic ton Smith, Mr. Chute, and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; was read; and is as followeth; viz. and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Records. Acts were read: And,

Vol, 54. Mr.

i8o

14° Februarii.

A. 179

Mr. Edmund Evans, being examined) said. That a having Right of Common ini over, and upon, and out Progress iiath been made in executing the said Acts,. of, as well the said Fields, Downs, and Meadows, a5 and several considerable Sums of Money have been bor- the Commons and Waste Lands within the said. P--rowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which rishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Money now remains due, with a considerable Arrear of forth, That some of the Petitioners are possessed of Lands Interest, and cannot be repaid, unless the Term granted within the said Open Fields, Downs, and Meadows, by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers and others of the Petitioners are entitled to Tythes, and thereof altered and enlarged, and some additional Toll have Right of Common in, over, upon, and out of, the granted. said Fields, Downs, and Meadows, Commons, and Waite

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Lands, respeAlvely, which contain in the Whole 4,300 continuing the Term, and increasing, altering, and en- Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands in the said larging, the Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Open Fields, Downs, and Meadows, lie greatly inter-Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King mixed and difjferfed, and ,are inconveniently situated George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign with respect to the several Proprietors thereof, and, in of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the their present Situation, are incapable of any considera-Road jfom the West End of the Town of Burton upon ble Improvement; but, if the fame, together with the Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, laid Commons and Waste Lands, were divided and into the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County closed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several of Derby: And that Lord George Augufius Henry Cavendish Owners, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their respectand Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame. tive Lands, Tythes, Common Rights, and Interests / therein, the Value thereof would be much increased,

auTNottTng- A Petition of several of the Trustees for executingTwo and the Petitioners greatly benefited thereby: And J am Trent AAs, passed, one in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in ?etitK>n 0ld °fk s late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the ution. anj wjcjCJ1ing the Roads from Grantham, in the County said Open Fields and Downs, within the said Parishes of of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Notting- and Dryffield, in the County of anti

ham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the West for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common ' End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge,

in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton to Sawley Ferry, and the other in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the said Parishes, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall fe6m meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. much of the said Act, as relates to the Road leading IVigley and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do prepare, and bring from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and of feve- in, the fame, ral Creditors, who have advanced large Sums of Money

ufx>n Security of the said Road, was presented to the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have thereunto fubl'cribed, being Trustees for repairing the proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, so far as Roads in the County of Dorset, herein after described, they relate to the Road irons (Grantham to Nottingham was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Trent Bridge, and have borrowed, on the Credit of the That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year Tolls thereby granted, several Sums of Money, amount- of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the ing to £.9,950, which now remain due and owing, to- Second, several Tolls and Powers were granted to gether with a considerable Arrear of Interest; and that Trustees, during the Terms therein mentioned, for re-the said Principal Sum, with the Tolls and Duties pairing and widening the Road from a certain In-arising on the said Road from Grantham to Nottingham trenchment on AJkerwell Hill, opposite to Trent Bridge, have been applied in Repairs of the same Farm, through the Town of to Penn Inn, and

Road, and in executing the other Purposes of the said from Bridport aforesaid to the Town of Beaminster, in the Acts, in relation to the said Road; and that the Tolls County of Dorset, and other Roads therein mentioned; taken upon the said Road from Grantham to Nottingham and by another Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Trent Bridge have, for some Time, been an insufficient Reign of His present Majesty, the Powers and Provi-Fund for Payment of the Interest of the said Sum of lions of the said first-mentioned Act were continued and ,£.9,950, and Salaries of Officers; and the said Road enlaiged, as well with respect to the said Roads herein-cannot beeffectually amended, and kept in good Repair, before described, as all'o for repairing and improving the nor the Monies due and owing as aforesaid be repaid. Roads from the North End of the South Street of Brid-

unless the Terms of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof, so far as the same relate to the said Road from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That

Bridport, Sec. Roads Petition.

Kempsford and Dryffield Inclosure Petition.

port to Bridport Harbour, and from the North Turnpike Gate, at the South End of the Town of to

the Entrance into the Common called Beaminster Wood, praying, that otherwise Wood Common, and to Lenham's Water, in the ' Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the rurposes said County of and the said several Roads, here-

aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, inbefore described, were, by the said recited Acts, di-as to the House shall seem meet. . vided into Two separate Districts; and that the Trustees,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the authorized to put the said A As into Execution within Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- the said Districts, have, in pursuance thereof, borrowed mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising shall appear to them, to the House: within each of the same Districts, which still remain

And it if referred to Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Sir Thomas due, and cannot be discharged, nor can the said Roads

Charles Btmbury, &c.: And they are to meet To-mor- be kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers, row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's now subsisting under the said recited Acts,'be further Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, ..continued; and it is also expedient that the Tolls, and Papers, and Records. several of the Powers, granted by the said former AAs,

should be altered and enlarged, with respect to the A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands Roads comprized in the said Districts, or one of them: lying in the Open Common Fields, Open Downs, Com- And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to mon Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Pa- bring in a Bill for effeAuating the several Purposes afore-rilhes of Kempsford and Dryffield, in the County of Glou- laid, in such Manner, and under l'uch Regulations and

cester, and also of several Perl'ons entitled to Tythes, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

39 Geo. III. 14 0 Februar 181

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Tofts, Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to cer-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- tain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall within the said Parish of Honing ton, was presented to appear to them, to the House: the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are fe-

And it is referred to Mr. Barclay, Mr. Francis John vend Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Com-Browne, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- mon Meadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish of and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- ton, which are subject to Sheepwalk, Shackage, and cords. Common, and that the said Common Fields, Half Year

Bin to amend Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, to AAre Crud Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering

more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of H is present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fcfton indo- A Petition of the Right honourable Richard Gren-(ute Petition. vtlle, Nugent Chandos Temple, commonly called Earl Temple, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners and Proprietors of, or interested in, certain Open Common Fields, Common Downs, and other Commonable Places and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Eajion, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Common Downs, and other Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, containing, by Estimation, 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made, it would be attended with great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bernard and Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lea Bridge Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according presented! ° Order, a Bill to continue the Term and Powers of Two Acts, pafiedin the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening. Roads from thence into the great Roads at Snarejbrooke, in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

lido^urePt. A Petition of the Most Noble Augustus Henry Duke tition. of Grafton, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, Lord of the Manor of Great Fakenham, in which is included the Parish of in the County of Suffolk, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Cottages, Vol. 54.

or Shack Lands, are inconveniently situate for Cultivation, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the Premises, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Estates, Shares, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the rurposes aforesaid, under such Regula tions as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the King's King's Bench Bench Prison, was presented to the House, and read; Pe‘

Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are p;rton indo-thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands and other Petition. Hereditaments, in the Parish of Pirton, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors, lie inconveniently dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage <jf the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors, if such Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish of Pirton, with such Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Plumer and Mr. Baker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Douglas, according to Ordel, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ftgegreSi^ve to consider further of His Majesty's most Gracious to Ireland. Message of the 2 2d Day of January last, the Resolu-tions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Report be now brought up;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, g j^rH^/e, } ,20.

Tellers for the NoesBird } ,6'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Douglas accordingly delivered the Resolutions in at the Clerk's Table: Where tire same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

3 A

18s 14 0 Februarii.A. 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jest to any internal Duty' in one Kingdom, such coun-That, in order to promote and secure the essential Intervailing Duties (over arid above any Duties on Import terefts of Great Britain and Ireland, and to consolidate to be fixed as aforesaid) shall be imposed as shall be the Strength, Power, arid Resources of the British Em- necessary to prevent any Inequality in that Respect: pire, it will be advisable to concur in such Measures And that all other Matters of Trade and Commerce, as may best tend to unite the Two Kingdoms of Great other than the foregoing, and than such others as may, Britain and Ireland into One Kingdom, in such Man- before the Union, be specially agreed upon for the due ner, and on such Terms and Conditions, as may be Encouragement of the Agriculture and Manufactures established by Acts of the respective Parliaments of of the respective Kingdoms, shall remain to be regu-His Majesty's laid Kingdoms. lated from Time to Time by the United Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it would be fit to propose, as the First Article, to That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit to propose, serve as a Basis of the said Union, that the said King- that the Charge arising from the Payment of the Interest, doms of Great Britaim and Ireland shall, upon a Day or Sinking Fund for the Reduction of the Principal, of to b.e agreed upon, be united into One Kingdom, by the Debt incurred in either Kingdom before the Union, the Name of " The United Kingdom of Great Britain shall continue to be separately defrayed by Great Britain " and Ireland." and Ireland respectively: That, fora Number of Years

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to be limited, the future ordinary Expences of the United That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit to pro- Kingdom, in Peace or War, shall be defrayed by Great

pose, that the Succession to the Monarchy and the Im- Britain and Ireland jointly, according to such Propor-

perial Crown of the said United Kingdom, shall conti- tions as shall be established by the respective Parlia-nue limited and settled in the same Manner as the Im- ments previous to the Union; and that, after the Ex-perial Crown of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain piration of the Time to be so limited, the Proportion and Ireland now stands limited and settled, according shall not be liable to be varied, except according to to the existing Laws, and to the Terms of the Union such Rules and Principles as shall be in like Manner between England and Scotland. agreed upon previous to the Union.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the same Purpose, it Would be fit to pro- That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit to propose,

pose, that the said United Kingdom be repnefented in That all Laws in Force, at the Time of the Union,

one and the same Parliament, to be stiled " The Par- and all the Courts of Civil or Ecclesiastical Jurisdicliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and tion, within the respective Kingdoms, shall remain, as " Ireland and that such a Number of Lords Spiritual now by Law established, within the same, subject only and Temporal, and such a Number of Members in the to such Alterations or Regulations, from Time to Time, House of Commons, as shall be hereafter agreed upon as Circumstances may appear, to the Parliament of the by Acts of the respective Parliaments as aforesaid, shall United Kingdom, to require.

fit and vote in the said Parliament on the Part of Ire- Ordered, That the said Resolutions be now read a land, and shall be summoned, chosen, and returned, in Second Time.

such Manner as shall be fixed by an Act of Parliament The First Resolution of the Committee, being ac-of Ireland previous to the said Union; and that every cordingly read a Second Time, was, upon the Question Member, hereafter to fit and vote in the said Parlia- put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ment of the United Kingdom, shall, until the said The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read Parliament shall otherwise provide, take and subscribe a Second Time;

the same Oaths, and make the same Declarations, as A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

are by Law required to be taken, subscribed, and That the further Consideration of the said Report be made, by the Members of the Parliaments of Great Bri- adjourned to this Day Three Months; tain and Ireland. It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit to propose, put thereupon, agreed to by the House. that the Churches of England and Ireland, and the The Third and Fourth Resolutions of the Committee, ' Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, and Government there- being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the of, shall be preserved as now by Law established. Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House.

That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit to propose, The Fifth Resolution of the Committee, being read that His Majesty's Subjectsin Ireland shall, at all Times a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to hereafter, be entitled to the same Privileges, and be on be made thereunto, by inserting before the Word the same Footing, in respect of Trade and Navigation, " ," the Words " that Part of Great Britain

in all Ports and Places belonging to Great Britain, and " called; " and aftef the Word " England," the Words in all Cases with respect to which Treaties shall be " and of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland." made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with any And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Foreign Power, as His Majesty's Subjects in Great Bri- severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. tain: That no Duty shall be imposed on the Import or Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-E?cport between Great Britain and Ireland of any Arti- mittee in the said Resolution, so amended. That, for cles now Duty-free; and that on other Articles there the same Purpose, it would be fit to propose. That the shall be established, for a Time to be limited, such a Churches of that Part of Great Britain called England, ^moderate Rate of equal Duties as shall, previous to and of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and of the Union, be agreed upon, and approved by, the re- Ireland, and the Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, and spective Parliaments; subject, after the Expiration of Government thereof, shall be preserved as now by Law such limited Time, to be diminished equally with re- established.

speft to both Kingdoms, but in no same to be in- The Sixth Resolution of the Committee, being read a creased: That all Articles, which may at any Time Second Time, was, upon the Question ptit thereupon, hereafter be imported into Great Britain from Foreign agreed to by the House.

Parts, shall be importable through either Kingdom The Seventh Resolution of the Committee, being into the other, subject to the like Duties and Regu- read a Second Time, several Amendments were pro-lations as if the same were imported directly from Fo- posed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word reign Parts: That where any Articles, the Growth, " ordinaryby leaving out the Words " the Propor-Produce, or Manufacture of either Kingdom, are sub- " tion shall not be liable to be varied except" and 2 inserting

39 Geo. III. 140 — 150 Februarii.

183

inserting the Words " the Mode of jointly defraying " such Expences shall be regulated " instead thereof; and by adding at the End of the Resolution, the Words for the Purpose of establishing gradually an uniform " System of Taxation through every Part of the United Kingdom."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved,.That this House doth agree with the Com-jnittee in the said Resolution, so amended. That, for the same Purpose, it would be fit to propose, That the Charge arising from the Payment of the Interest, or Sinking Fund for the Reduction of the Principal, of the Debt incurred in either Kingdom before the Union, shall continue to be separately defrayed by Great Britain and Ireland respectively: That, for a Number of Years to be limited, the future Expences of the United Kingdom, in Peace or War, shall be defrayed by Great Britain and Ireland jointly; according to such Proportions as shall be established by the respective Parliaments previous to the Union; and that, after the Expiration of the Time to be so limited, the Mode of jointly defraying such Expences shall be regulated according to tuch Rules and Principles as shall be in like Manner agreed upon previous to the Union, for the Purpose ot establishing gradually an uniform System of Taxation through every Part of the United Kingdom.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Refutations to Ordered, That the said Resolutions be communi-rated'to the ' cate^ ° the Lords at a Conference, and their Concur-Lord . rence desired thereto.

Cooferciice Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the 'k^' 1 Lords, respecting the Means of improving and perpetuating the Connection between Great Britain and Ireland, and of augmenting and consolidating the Strength, Power, and Resources, of the Empire.

Ordered, That the Earl Temple do go to the Lords,

and desire the said Concurrence.

Supply defer- Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, r" resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way and Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, fcrred d°" resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply . granted to His Majesty.

Ricketts Di- Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

faredf^ de next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for difiolving the Marriage of Edward Jervis Ricketts, Esquire, with the Honourable CaJJ'andra ton, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mutiny Bill, Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-deferred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 54.

V eneris, 15® die Februarii;

Anno 390 Georgii III. '1 Regis, 1799.

Praters.

A PETITION of several of the Trustees for put- M^gor and ting in Execution Two Acts, made in the Thirty- Petit'0, first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the tion.

Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of to the

Bridge-loot in the Town of Chcpflow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, was prel'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and have made a considerable Progress in amending and repairing the several Roads thereby directed to be repaired, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are continued, the Tolls increased, and other Powers and Authorities granted; and that a certain Branch of Road to lead from and out of the Turnpike Road leading from Chep-Jlow to Newport, at or near the Bottom of a Hill called The Fair Oak Hill, opposite to a Lane leading to a Farm called Toe Duckpool Farm, in the Parish of to th. Village of Magor, in the Parish of Magor, in the said County of Monmouth, which said new Road is intended to pass into and through the several Parishes of Christchurch, Lanwerne, Bifhton, and Magor, and the Hamlet of Landevenny, in the said County of also, another Branch of Road to lead from and out of the Turnpike Road, between Monmouth and Abergavenny, at or near a Dwelling House belonging to, and now in the Occupation of, Elizabeth Adams, Widow, in the Parish of Lanvihangel juxtaUjk, to communicate with the

Turnpike Road leading from Abergavenny to Ponty Pool, in the Parish of Goytrey, near to a Mansion House there

in the Occupation of ----- Macklin, Esquire, which laid

last mentioned intended Road will pass into and through the said Parish of Lanvihangel juxta Ujk, over a Bridge across the River Ujk, called Lanvihangel juxta Vjk Bridge, and through the several Parishes ot Lanvair,

Kilgedin, and Goytrey, in the said County of;

and likewise another Road to lead from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at or near Blaendeer, in the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of Brecon, to or near a Place called Rhydd y Blew., in the Parish of Bed-welty, in the said County of M, to join and communicate with a Turnpike Road, lately made, leading from Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, towards the said Town of Abergavenny, and which laid last mentioned Road is intended to pass through the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of Brecon, and the several Parishes of Lanwenarth, Abernfruth, and Bed-welty, in the County of Monmouth, and through the Parish of Langattock Crickhowell, in the said County of Brecon, are in a very ruinous Condition, inconvenient, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morgan, Sir Charles Morgan,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Knebworth

Inclosure

Petition *

Yarkhill, Weston Beg-gard, See. Inclosure Petition *

184

15 Februam.

A\ 1799.

A Petition of the federal Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of , in the County of Hertjord, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors, lie inconveniently dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Proprietors, if such Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the said Parish of Knebworth, with such Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Plumer and Mr. Baker do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

A Petition of the Honourable Andrew Foley (the Survivor of the Devifces inTruft of 'Thomas Lord Foley, deceased) the Honourable Edioard Foley, 'Mary Southall, Thomas Newton, Walter Morris, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Owners and Proprietors of the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the several Parishes of Tarkhill, Weston Beggard, Dormington with the Chapelry of Bar-teftree, in the Parish of Dormington aforesaid, and Stoke Edith with the Chapelry of Westhide, in the Parish of Stoke Edith aforesaid, In the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, which lie intermixed in small Parcels, and divers Parts thereof, though dispersed in and over the same Field, are Part and Parcel of several of the aforesaid Parishes, and the Lands in one Pari (li cannot be divided and inclosed without the other, and are inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and clivers Parcels of the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and several of the old Inclosures, in the same Parishes, or some of them, are detached and situated at a considerable Distance from the Parish to which they belong, and nearly surrounded by Lands in some or one of the other of the above-mentioned Parishes; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Proprietors, if the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Owners and Proprietors, according to their respective Interests therein, and if the several dispersed Parts belonging to each Parish were laid together, and annexed to, and declared to be Part of, the respective Parishes to which the same shall adjoin and belong, and if Powers were given to exchange the detached Parts of the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and old Inclosures, belonging to the same Parishes, or any adjoining Parish, for other Lands, to be. also laid together, and annexed to, and declared to be Part of, the respective Parishes to which such detached Parts now adjoin or belong: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygcn and Mr. PI timer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Other Earl of Plymouth, Lord of the Manor of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, and an Owner and Proprietor of

Lands and Tenements there, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves, and the Rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the same Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, there are, within the said Manor, several Commons and Waste Lands, containing, by Estimation, about 1,200 Acres, and the Petitioners, with divers other Persons, having Right of Common thereon, are desirous that the same should be divided, inclosed, and allotted, amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lygonand Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Stratford r.4 jthereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or Persons inte- vlfion'tnd rested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Allotment Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Stratford under the Castle and Milford, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, are divided into several small Pieces or Parcels, intermixed with each other, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Severalty, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Inte- 1

rests, the same would be more convenient to them, and might be considerably improved: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing such Clauses, and under and subject to such Regulations and Orders, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lygon and Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and cheadle, others, of the County of Stafford, was presented to Road Pet4 the House, and read; Setting torth, That the amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, th? Road leading from Cheadle, by Coutflow Pott, Shaw House, and Alvcton, to the Uttoxeter and Turnpike

Road at Quickfiill Bank, and also the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Bears Brook, through Withington, Foie, and Hollington, to Roccfler,

in the County of Stafford, would be of considerable Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and all other Persons residing, or having Estates, in that Part of the Country, and of Public Utility, but the same cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Edward Foley,

&c.: And they are to meet '1 o-morrow Morning, at

Nine

tion.

Upton Inclosure and D linage kil, pieiented.

North Cropland Inclosure Petition.

Dalton Inclosure Petition.

Petition for confirming an Agreement for Kirklita-ton Inclosure.

39 Geo. III.

15" Februarii.

l8$

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Burden presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, intermixed Pastures, Open Fields, Half-year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Pari Ih of Upton, in the County of and such

Parts of the Open Fields, called Upton Field and Fij/iley

Crofts, as lie in the Parish of Fijkley, in the said County, and for draining the fame: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition.of John Kaye, Esquire, Lord of the Manor, and Owner of the Soil, within the Township of North

Crofslaud, in the Parish of A/mondbury, in the West Riding of the County of Yor, and of the several Freeholders within the said Township, who have Right of Common upon the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the said Township, whose Names aro> thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of themselves and others. Freeholders, interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste G rounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor of North Crofs/and, several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, containing 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are of little Value; but, if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, a very considerable Benefit and Advantage would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, to and amongst: the several Persons interested therein, in such Parts, Shares, and Proportions, with such Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lafcdles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Kaye, Esquire, Lord of the Manor, and Owner of the Soil, within the Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the Freeholders within the said Township, who have Right of Common upon the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the said Township, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of themselves and others, Freeholders, interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Set ting forth, That there arc, within the said Manor of Dalton, several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, containing 200 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are of little Value; but, if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, a very considerable Benefit and Advantage would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in such Parts, Shares, and Proportions, with l'uch Powers, under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry LaJ'celles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Richard Henry Beaumont, Esquire, Lord of the Manor, and Owner of the Soil, within the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of VOL.54.

and the several Freeholders within the said Parish; who have Right of Common upon the Commons,.

Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the said Parish whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and in Be-, half of themselves and other Freeholders interested in the' laid Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, was pre--fented to the House; and read; Setting forth. That-there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Un-inclosed Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, containing 400 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present uncultivated State, are of little Value; but, if-the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, a very confided' able Benefit and Advantage would arise from the Improvement and Cultivation thereof: And therefore-praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement made, and entered into, by the several Persons interested in the said Fields, Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, for inclosing, dividing, and allotting the fame, and also for confirming and establishing the Award made, or intended to be made, in pursuance of such Agreement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lafcelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Knaresbrough Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and ^mmcTon enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one Road Bill, made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign PreIented of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the lload from Knaresbrough, in the County of Pork, by Long Flat Lane,

Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scale Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same County, and for making the same a high Carriage Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Ferrybridge Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in Biilfpresent-the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign ed of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster through

Ferrybridge, to 'the South Side of Fade after Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to kVetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, lo far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and and from thence to Boroughbridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke presented to the House, ac- Bill for con-cording to Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing sinning an a Division and Inclosure of the Open and Common K^her Fields and Pastures, within the Manors or Lordships of Seal inclosure. Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether , Prc, cnted-in the Counties of Leicester and Der, or one of them, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke reported from the Committee, Nottingham to whom the Petition of several Trullees for putting in KMds'pcti-' Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the tion, reported. Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the Twentieth-Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads therein described, in the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and Derby, so far as relates to the Road leading trom Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Tow p, of Not ling h am, to

3 B_ .

186 15 ' FehruariLA. 1799.

aint Maty's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, yas referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fallowed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. George Hopkiufon, being examined, said. That several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, and applied in repairing the fame, and that the Money so borrowed still remains due; that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid cannot be paid off, or the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of so much of the; laid Acts, as relates to the said Roads, be further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations ' made in the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the 1 hirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Nottingham and Derby, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post in the Parish of Denton, to Sawley Ferry: And that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke and Mr. Pierrepont do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Margate Pier A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, JtiU, commit- passed }n the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Pier of Margate, in the lile of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, was read a Second Time. „

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Kna&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Buildwat Mr. William Clive presented to the House, according

Bridge Road to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of ed. 'preent an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Birches Brook to Bui/dwas Bridge, and from thence to join the Street Turnpike Road

at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop, so far as relates to the last mentioned Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Moch Wen- Mr. William Clive presented to the House, according MC||t Ro"i 'nt- to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of ct. 'pr Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much IVenlock, and from Greeton Hill to Cref-Jage, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Burton upon Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish presented ‘ to Road« Bui. t^e according to Order, a Bill for continuing the

prtfemed. Terra, and increasing, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his fete Majesty, King George the Second,

and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read tire First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, ae - De hue's Mat. cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John De Luc: ^‘n1['J>re' , And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, ac- Bride^ cording to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Em- (London) ployment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Bridget, pr *

otherwise Saint Bride, Fleet Street, in the City of London: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for explaining, amending, and ren Bill to amend dering more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Ninth, ° £ord Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth Years of »

the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts passed in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Grantchester thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors, and Per-fans interested, in the Lands and Grounds herein after tion. mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Parishes of Grantchester and Coton, in the County of Cambridge, adjoin, and some Parts thereof are intermixed with each other, and there, are, within the said Parishes, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and that there are, in the said Parishes of Grantchester and Coton, or one of them, certain Open and Common Fields, Commopable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which lie within certain Fields, called Field and Clint Field, and also a certain Common, called Grantchester Herd Green, over which the Commoners of both the said Parishes exercise a mixed Right of Common, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein; and that the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College of Corpus Chri/ti and Blessed Mary the Virgin, commonly called Bennett College, in the University of Cambridge, Impropriators of the Impropriate Rectory of Grantchester aforesaid, and the Reverend William Butts,

Clerk, Vicar of the Vicarage of Grantchester aforesaid, are respectively entitled to the Great and Small Tythes within the said Parish of Grantchester, and of and from the Lands and Grounds in the said Field, called Down Field, and also of and from certain Parts of the Lands and Grounds in the said Field, called Field; and that the Reverend Joshua Waterhouse, Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Coton aforesaid, is entitled to the Great and Small Tythes within the said Parish of Coton, except from such Parts of the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Field, called as

are Tytheable to the said Impropriate Rectory and Vi- carage of Grantchester-, and that the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, apd Waste GrQunds, are inconveniently situated

with

39 Geo. III. 1f — 184 Februarii,

With respect to the several Owners thereof, by reason Whereof, and of the intermixed State of the Property, the same are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be highly beneficial to all Parties interested therein, and of Public Utility, if the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, Were set out, divided, allotted, inclosed, and exonerated from all Manner of Tythes, and specific Shares allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, in lieu of their re-(pe&ive Lands, Grounds, Tythes, Commons, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effedruating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Adeem and Mr. Charles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ahitlington A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are inclosurePe- thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands, and other tiuon. Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Shit ling ton and

in the County of Bedford, v.as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors, lie inconveniently dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors, if such Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the feve-tal Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the said Parishes of Shit and with such Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. ‘Tierney and Mr. Saint John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Marin Muti. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for or- tke Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore: And that Sir Philip Stephens, The Lord Arden, and Mr. Nepean, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account! of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Funded'oebt count t^ie Public Funded Debt, as the same stood rdered. ' on the i ft Day of February 1799; distinguishing by what Acts of Parliament the same is created, and in respect of what Sums raif 'd, or Bills funded (so far as the same can be ascertained; distinguishing also the different Funds in which it is inverted, the Capital Stock of each Fund, the Annual Interest thereof, the Annual Interest of Annuities for Terms, the Charges of Management, the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, and the Annuity of One per Centum per Annum upon Capitals created since the\ 5th Day of January 1793; distinguishing also upon what Conditions, and at what Periods, the several Parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of the Public Funded Debt, as it stood on the ill of February 1799; distinguishing the Capital of the several Funds existing prior to the 5th of January 1793, from those created since that Period; likewise of the several Stocks or Annuities, redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Von. 54,

Debt, between the 1 ft Day of July 1786, and the ill Day

of February 1799; distinguishing, as to the Debt prior to 1793, how much thereof has been since redeemed, and what Sums are applicable to the Reduction thereof; and distinguishing also, as to the subsequent Debt, in like Manner, how far redeemed, and what Sums are applicable thereto;

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, defer-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fvlrther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will upon Monday Mom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole re<^n ' House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next Ten of the Clock;

Lunes, 18° die Februarii;

Anno 390 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers,

tOHN De Luc, Pierre Jacques Papillon, Pierre Franfots De Luc, P»-J Papillon, Salomon Lange, and Godfrey took Jang"'' an(j

the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization. Bitterman,

sworn.

A Bill for naturalizing Pierre Jacques Papillon, and Pien-e Papil-Pierre Franfois Papillon, was read a Second Time. Bill camnh - *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir ted.

Ham Anderson, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Godfrey Bitterman, was read a Bitterman' Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

ted.

A Bill for naturalizing Salomon Lange, was read a Se- Lange's Nat. cond Time. Bl-1, comnut~

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Sargent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according st. Andrew' to Order, a Bill lor the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for more effectually watching the femed. ' pr°" Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, which lies above the Bars, in the County of M and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue the Term and Powers of Two Acts, La Bridge passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Road» Bill, Majesty, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His comnutt present Majesty, for building a Bridge over th'e River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening. Roads from thence, into the great Roads at Snarefbrooke, in the County of Essex, ana at Clapton, in the County of MidJ/efex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Monmouth and Cardiff, &c. Dram Roads Petition.

Brayton Tn-closure Petition.

188

I 8° Februarii.

A. 1799 *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. waring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, , in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of William Lewis, of AUerly, in the County of Gloucester, William Tain, of the Town of Cardiff, in

the County of Glamorgan, Thomas Guejl, of the said Town of Cardiff, Joseph Cowles, of Coedy Grie, in the County of Monmouth, and John Guff, of in the County of Salop (being a Company of Ironmasters, in the Parish of Merthyr Tidvil, in the said County of Glamorgan, known by the Name, and under the Firm, of the lais Company) and 'Jeremiah Homfray, of in the said County of Glamorgan, Samuel Homfray, of rau Place, in the said County of Glamorgan, Thomas Homfray, of the Hill, near Stourbridge, in the County of effer, and William Forman, of the Tower, in London (being a Company of Ironmasters, in the said Parish of Merthyr Tidvil, known by the Name of Jeremiah fray, and Company) Richard Hill, of Plymouth Lodge, in the Parish of Merthyr Tidvil, in the iaid County of Glamorgan, and William Lewis, of Pentyrch in the same County, was pre fen ted to the House, and read; Sating forth. That a Dram Road, from or near a Place called Canto Mill, in the Parish of in the County of Monmouth, to or near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, with a Branch from the lame, from or near a Place called Quaker's Turd, to the Lime-stone Rocks, in the Parish of Merthyr Tidvil, aforesaid, will open an easy Communication with several considerable Ironworks, Collieries, Liineftone Quarries, and extensive Trails of Land, abounding with Coal, Lime-stone, and other Minerals, whereby the Carriage and Conveyance of Iron, Coal, Lime, Timber, and all Kinds of Merchandize, to and from the different Places bordering on the said intended Road, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered far less expensive than at present, and will tend greatly to improve the Lands and Estates near the said Road, and the said Undertaking will, in other Respeits, be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Road and

o o

Branch from the same, with such Buildings, Wharfs, and other Works, as may be deemed necessary or conducive to the clue and convenient Use thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do. examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Floufe:

And it is referred to Mr. Wood, Sir Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to' fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Edward Lord P etre, and the humble Petition of Humphrey OJbaldefton, - Esquire, Thomas Weddall, Esquire, John Thompson, Esquire, John- Spencer, Esquire, and of divers other Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, within "the several Manors or Townlliips.of Brayton, Thorp-Willowby, Burton, and with Lund, in the

Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting 'forth, Thar, within the said several Manors or Townships, there are divers Parcels of Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, amounting to 1,500 Acres, and upwards, which now lie open and uninclosed, and are, in their present Situations, incapable of Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and held in Severalty, would be of very great Advantage to the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to have the said Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

in Brayton, Thorp-Willowby, Burton, and Gateforth with Lund aforesaid, inclosed, divided, and allotted, unto and among the Petitioners, and the Rest of the Land Owners and Persons interested, according to their several Rights, Properties, and Interests therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dudley North and Mr. Burch do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Kirkby thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and pe'li‘^|iRoad others, Tsuftces for executing Two several Acts of Parliament, the former palfed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Weff morel and, to Kirkby Ireletk, in the County of Lancaster, and the latter passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said former Act, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have made great Progress in the Repair and Improvement of the said Road, and for the Purpose of so doing, have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which Money, as well as the said Tolls, have been duly expended and applied; and that the

Money so borrowed is still remaining due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and en larged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dent, Mr. Shaw See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of James Crowe, Esquire, Lord of the Ovington Manor of SahamToney, in the County of Norfolk, and, petition^ in Right of the said Manor, Paramount Lord in the Parish of Ovington, in the same County, on Behalf of

himself and divers Proprietors of Estates in Ovington aforesaid, having Rights of Sheepwalk, C-ommon of Pasture, and otherwise interested in the Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Ovington, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and Waste Lands, lie open, and are subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk and Common, and certain Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, called Whole Year Lands, and Open Fields, are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the different Persons concerned, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, the same would be of great Advantage to them, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. AJlley and_Mr. Joddrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Keninghali of, and Persons interested in, the Whole Year Lands, peti^iokT

' Fen

Breflingham and Fei sfield Jbcloftirc Pcution.

39 Geo. III.

8° Februariu

189

Petition for confirming the Division of Ran worth Common Fields.

Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Keninghall, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there arc, within the said Parish, several "Whole Year Lands, Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvements; but, if the same were divided and inclol'ed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be of considerable Advantage to the Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall feemmeet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. AJlley and Mr. Jodrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Brejftngham and , in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commflbns, and Waste Lands, which lie intermixed and dil-perfect in small Parcels, over which there are certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and, in their present State, yield but little Profit, anu are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, it such Rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be of considerable Advantage to the Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds: And thercfoie praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lanus and Grounds, and for extinguishing ail Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, thereon, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet#

Ordered, That-Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. AJlley and Mr. Jodrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Ranworth, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there being, within the said Parish, several Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which were l'ubjed to various Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, and great Part of the said Whole Year . Lands, as well as the said Half-year or Shack Lands, being very inconveniently situated for the several Owners and Occupiers thereof, and the said Common Field Lands lying intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and being of little Value, the Petitioners, and other Persons interested, conceiving it would be of great Advantage to all the Parties interested, if such Rights of Shackage, Sheepwalk, and Common, w'ere extinguished, and if all the said Lands and Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, vvcre divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Proprietors, and all other Persons interested, according to their several Estates, Rights, and Interests, agreed thereto; and that, by certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 18th Day of December 1797, the said Rights of Shackage, Sheep-VoL. 54.

walk, and Common, were agreed to be extinguished, and Commissioners were appointed for dividing and allotting the said Lands and Grounds, Commons, and Waites, to the several Proprietors, and all other Persons interested, according to their several Estates, Rigiits, 1 and Interests therein, and the Commissioners named in such Agreement have made their Award in the Premises; but which Agreement and Award cannot be confirmed' without the Aid of Parliament: And

therefore praying. That Leave nuy be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulation^ and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petiti n: And that Mr. AJlley and Mr. Jodrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Principal and Scholars of King's Petition from Hall and College of Brazen Nose, in the University of Brazen Note Oxford, Patrons of the Rectory of , in the Drl'&rcith-

County of Middlesex, and of the Reverend 'Thomas weite, against Breit/nveite, Doctor in Divinity, Rector of the Parish of g°£‘lon Stepney aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read 5 Taking Notice of the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pass into a Law in its present Form, the Petitioners apprehend they will be very much injured in their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by CounfeJ, against such Parts of the said Bid as affect their Rights and Interests, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall loom meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to Gofnort and whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names Fareham, &c. are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing tian, reported.; an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, in the county of,

through Fareham and Wickham, to the Town of

Waltham, and from Wickham aforesaid, through Drox-ford. Exton, Warnford, Westmeon , and Rumfdean Bottom, to ChazvtonPond, in the Parish of Chawton, in the said

County, was referred; That the Committee had exa-' mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him tol report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;. and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same tvas re&d; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,. the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Pooke, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, and a considerable Debt is now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

3 C , for

18° Februarii.

Yately Inclosure Petition *

Nottingham and Derby Roads Bill, predated.

Folton Bridge and Little Drayton Roads Petition, reported.

A. 1799-

for repairing and widening the Roads'from Gosport, Majesty, for repairing the said Road, were read: through FcCrehctm and Wickham, to B iff of's Waltham, And, and from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pmid, in the Mr. George Hopkinson, being examined, said. That the

Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton: Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts,

And that Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Sir William Heathcote have proceeded to put the same in Execution, so far as do prepare, and bring in, tire lame. relate to the said Road from Fojion Bridge to Little

Drayton, and have made great Progress in the Repair of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are the said Road, and have, for that Purpose, borrowed thereunto subscribed, being _ Owners of Lands, and several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit Persons otherwise interested in the Common Heaths, of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, which'

Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Money is still owing, and cannot be paid off, unless several Tythings of Hawley and Yately, in the Parish of the Term of the said Acts is further continued:

Yately, in the County of Southampton, was presented to And the Witness added, That many of the Powers the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Com- and Provisions of the said Acts being found defective, mon Heaths, Waste Lands, and other Commonable and insufficient for the Purposes thereof, it would be Places, situate in the said several Tythings of Hawley more convenient to the Trustees, and for the Advantage and Tately, are wholly uncultivated, and, in their present of the said Road, if the said Acts, so far as they relate State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and thereto, were repealed, and further and other Powers it would be very advantageous to the several Persons in- granted instead thereof.

terested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed. OrdThat the said Report do lie upon the and specific Parts allotted to them, in Proportion to Table, their respective Estates and Interests: And therefore

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Nannerch, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Common thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves. and p^"^oliire Heaths, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, others. Owners of Estates within the Parishes of Yfcelfing in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the and Namerch, in the County of and within the House shall think proper. Manor of in the said Parish of Namerch, In

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the County of Denbigh, was presented to the House, and pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that read j Setting forth, That there are, within the f«id} .

Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Sir William Heathcote do prepare, several Parishes and Manor, several Common Lands, in

and bring in, the fame. and upon which the Petitioners are entitled to Right of

Common 5 and that the said Common Lands, in their Mr. Daniel Parker Coke presented to the House, ac- present State, are of little Value; but, if divided into cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and specific Allotments, and inclosed, the same might be Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of very considerably improved: And therefore praying, the Reign of his late Majesty YJing George the Second, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present and inclosing the Common Lands in the Parishes of Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads Yfcetfing and Namerch, in the County of and in the leading to and from the Towns of Nottingham and Manor of Pembedw, in the said Parish of Namerch, in Derby, so for as relates to the Road leading from Chappel the County of Denbigh, under such Regulations and Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry: pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that And the same was received; and read the First Time. Mr. Lloyd, Mr. and Mr. Williams Wynn, do

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1

Mr. Thomas Manners Sutton reported from the Com- A Petition of the Marquis of Stafford, and of the fn°c701'^rf<S mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Pe- t;"-L° ure whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of tition of the several other Persons, whose Names are themselves and others, Trustees for executing several thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands,

Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from Fojion Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor and Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in Parish of Roivley Regis, respectively, in the County of the County of Nottingham, was referred j That the Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Committee had examined, and found that the Standing forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish,

Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had certain Open and Uninclosed Commons, Waste Lands, been complied with, as to that Part of the said Road and Commonable Places, which, in their present State, which is in the County of Nottingham, and also as to that yield very little Profit, and are capable of Improve-Part which is in the County of Lincoln, so far as the ment, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of Orders relate to the Notice to be affixed on the Door the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided, of the Sessions House; and that Notice had not been allotted, and inclosed, in Severalty, unto and amongst given by Advertisement in any Newspaper published in the several Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their the said County of Lincoln, but that The Nottingham respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying.

Chronicle, in which the intended Application had been That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, regularly advertised, is the Paper in most general allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons, Waste Circulation.in the Division of the County of Lincoln, Lands, and Commonable Places, in such Manner, and where the Lincolnjkhe Part of the said Road lies; and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem that the Committee had examined the Matter of the meet.

said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-.' as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Peek, the Earl Gower Sutherland, and Sir Edward -the Clerk's Table r Where the same was read; and is tleton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three A Petition of Licensed Dealers in Home-made Spi- Petition of Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the rits, in the Lowlands of Scotland: And also, iMiiierJui *

First, the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Another Petition of Licensed Dealers in Home-made Scotland, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Spirits, in the Lowlands of Scotland;

a Were

30 Geo. III. 18 Februarii. 191

Were severally presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Dealers, to a considerable Extent, in Home-made Spirits, a Line of Business which affords Employment to a great Number of Persons in Scotland, and which, by Means of the annual Licences taken out by them, in their Characters of Dealers, contributes, in no small Degree, to the Sup port of the State; and that it was not until the passing of the Distillery Licence Act in 1786, which went effectually to the Exclusion of Fraud on the Part of the Distillers, that the Proses-fion of a Spirit Dealer in Scotland became in any Shape reputable; prior to that Period, the great Quantities of Spirits manufactured and brought to Market, in an illegal Manner, rendered it the next Thing to an Impossibility for any Dealer in Spirits tp carry on his Business in a fair and lawful Way; it behoved him either to purchase, at inferior Prices, the Spirits which had been illegally made, and to vend the fame, in the Course of his Trade, or to suffer himself to be thrown out of Employment by the numerous Hawkers and Smugglers who travelled the Country, and who, as it was, kept Possession of a great Proportion of the Market; by the frequent Seizures, and other Embarrassments, the confront Attendants on illicit Commerce, no Spirit Dealer in Scotland, (with a very few Exceptions) was at this Period successful in Business, their Gains were precarious, and their Credits suspicious and doubtfulj but since the Introduction of the System of Licence upon the Distillery, Hawking and Smuggling have been annihilated. Spirit Dealers have been left in the natural Pursuit of an honest Profession, and thus has their Business become equally respectable, and their Credit, in the Scale of Merchants, equally high with any other Class of Commercial Men; it is with sincere Regret, therefore, the Petitioners take the Liberty to Rate, that, since the passing of the Distillery Act of last Session of Parliament, imposing a Duty of One Shilling per Gallon on all Spirits manufactured by Distillers, in Addition to the Licence Duty, the Evils, formerly felt by the Spirit Dealers, have been, in a great Measure, revived; the Quantities of Spirits, to which this Duty is to attach, are ascertained in so loose and uncertain a Manner, that the Distillers find no Difficulty in fending to Market large Quantities of Spirits, without Payment of the Duty, which, indeed, must be ever the Cafe, more or less, where there is no other Check than the Survey of an Officer of Excisej hence Hawkers and Smugglers have returned to their former Occupations, and thus are the natural Customers of the Petitioners supplied with Spirits from the old Sources: As the Consequences of this must be ruinous to the Petitioners, and as the Subject of the Distillery Laws is soon again to be resumed by the House, the Petitioners therefore pray the House to consider the Premises, and to cnaft such Regulations as will effectually prevent the Smuggling and Hawking of Home-made Spirits, or otherwise to make such Provision, for the Protection and Security of the Petitioners, as the House shall think meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Burden presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes

Vou 54.

of Hevingham and Marsham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bi(l for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rackheath, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don, Mr. AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Perry, of Blackball, in the- County of Middlesex, and John W and William Wells the

Younger, of Botherhit he, in the County of Surrey, Ship-

builders and Copartners, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of don j and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the Proprietors of a very valuable and capacious Wet Dock at Bother hit he, in the County of Surrey, called The Greenland Dock, which has been made some Years, and has lately been improved at a very considerable Expence, and they are also the Proprietors of another very large and extensive Wet Dock, called The Brunswick Dock, at Blackwall, in the County of Middlesex, which has been lately made by the Petitioner John Perry , and that the Magnitude of the Design, in making the latter, not only required the Expenditure of large Sums of Money to carry it into Execution, but the Obstacles to be apprehended in the Course of the Work, and which were overcome by unremitting and expensive Perfe-verance and Exertions, threatened the Failure of the Undertaking, together with the Loss of the heavy Expences incurred in the Prosecution of it; and that the Petitioners have derived very considerable Emoluments asTradefmen, as well as by Dock Charges, from the Reception of Ships and Vessels into their laid Docks at Rotkerhithe and Blackwall, Ship Owners having found it advantageous to resort to the Petitioners, because equal Accommodation in the Port of London was not to be met with elsewhere) and that the Expectation of a long Continuance of such Advantages, was the great Inducement with the Petitioner, John Perry, for engaging in such an hazardous Undertaking; and that the said Wet Docks are not only of the utmost Consequence, and of very great Value to the Petitioners, but, as they conceive, of great Public Utility, in as much as they have tended to lessen, in no small Degree, such Evils as are proposed to be remedied by the said Bill; and that, if the said Bill shall pass into a Law, in its present State, it will be ruinous in its Consequences to the Interests of the Petitioners, by materially reducing the Number of Ships frequenting their said Docks, as it will be wholly impossible for them to withstand the Influence of a Body so powerful and opulent, as the Persons engaged in the Undertaking intended to be carried into Effect by the said Bill, whereby the Petitioners will be deprived of that Part of their general Trade as Shipbuilders, which arises from, and is dependant thereon; and that, although the Petitioners apprehend the most serious Injuries to their Property and Interest, from the Adoption of the Plan proposed in the said Bill, yet, at the same Time that they leek Redress of their Grievances, they do not wish to impede a Public Benefit by any undue Expectations, being willing to dif pose of their said Docks, or either of them; they ne» vertheless beg Leave to represent to the House, that tho Provisions contained in the said Bill, for making Satisfaction to all Persons for any Loss, Damage, or Injury, they may sustain by the Execution or Operation thereof, will not, as the Petitioners apprehend, enable them to procure that Indemnification, they trust, they shall be

entitled

Rackheathlh closure Bill, committed.

Petition of MefTrs. Perry, tcc. agairfl London Port Bill.

192

18° Februarii.

A.

1799,

Bui.

entitled to receive for the very great Loss they will fuf-taki, and for the Diminution which will be made in the Value of their said Premises: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Coun-fel. Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said BUI as may afledt their Interest, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by {heml'elves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee} That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the ' same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said

i.. . ' Petition.

Petition of ' A Petition of John Perry, of Blackwall, in the County of-SF' of Middlesex, and John Wells, and William the

LondonDock Younger, of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, Shipbuilders and Copartners, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of; and Setting

forth. That the Petitioners are the Proprietors of a very valuable and capacious Wet Dock at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, called The Greenland , which has been made some Years, and has lately been improved at a very considerable Expence, and they are also the Proprietors of another very large and extensive Wet Dock, called The Brunswick Dock, at Blackwall, in the County of Middlesex, which has been lately made by the Petitioner John Perry j and that the Magnitude of the Design in making the latter, not only required the Expenditure of large Sums of Money to carry it into Execution, but the Obstacles to be apprehended in the Course of the Work, and which were overcome by unremitting and expensive Perseverance and Exertions, threatened the Failure of the Undertaking, together with the Loss of the heavy Expences incurred in the Prosecution of it; and that the Petitioners have derived very considerable Emoluments as Tradesmen, as well as by Dock Charges, from the Reception of Ships and Vessels into their said Docks at Rotherhithe and Blackwall, Ship Owners having found it advantageous to resort to the Petitioners, because equal Accommodation in the Port of London was not to be met with elsewhere ,. and that the Expectation of a long Continuance of such Advantages, was the great Inducement with the Petitioner, John Perry, for engaging in such an hazardous Undertaking 5 and that the said Wet Docks are not only of the utmost Consequence, and of very great Value to the Petitioners, but, as they conceive, of great Public Utility, in as much as they have tended to.lessen, in no small Degree, such Evils as are proposed to be remedied by the said Bill; and that, if the said Bill shall pass into a Law, in its present State, it will be ruinous in its Consequences to the Interests of the Petitioners, by materially reducing the Number of 5hips frequenting their laid Docks, as it will be wholly impossible for the Petitioners to withstand the Influence of a Body so powerful and opulent, as the Persons engaged in the Undertaking intended to be carried into EftlCt by the said Bill, whereby the Petitioners will be deprived of that Part of their general Trade as Shipbuilders, which arises from, and is dependant thereon; and that, although the Petitioners apprehend the most serious Injuries to their Property and Interest, from the Adoption of the Plan proposed in the said Bill, yet, at the same Time that they seek Redress of their Grievances, they do not wish to impede a Public Benefit by any undue Expectations, being willing to dispose of their said Dock,s, or either of them , they nevertheless

LondonDock *

Bill.

beg Leave to represent'-to the House, that the said Bill docs not contain any Provisions for making Satisfaction for any Loss, Damage, or Injury, which the Petitioners may sustain by the Execution or Operation thereof, or for enabling the Petitioners to procure that Indemnification, they trust, they shall be considered entitled to receive for the great Loss they will sustain, and for the Diminution which will be made in the Value of their said Premises: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affeCL their Interest, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Report, &c. pointed to enquire into the best Mode of providing fuf- committee on ficient Accommodation for the increased Trade and Shipping of the Port of London, which was made to the House on the 13th Day of May 1796; and also, the Minutes of the Evidence taken by the Committee to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, was committed, and which were reported to the House on the 18th Day of July 1797, be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping,

Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of , is committed.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Hay be desired Dr. Hay to to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, West- £2tDay? minster, upon Wednesday, the 27th Day of this Instant February, being the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fast: And that Mr.

Secretary Dundas and Mr. Burdon do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Tonnage, and Number of Men, employed in the Navigation of Ships trading to the Coast the African of Africa, between the Periods of the ift of January Trade, or-1798, and the ift of January 1799; together with the er Number of Slaves loft in each Ship, as far as the same can be ascertained.

The Earl Temple reported to the House, That he Conference had, according to Order, been with the Lords, to de- parted" ' fire a Conference; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same immediately in the Painted Chamber:

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Earl Temple, Mr. Douglas, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Wilb Mr. Simeon, Mr Rtragge, Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Dent, Sir William Toung, Mr. WHbraham Bootle, Mr. Manning,

Mr. Tyrwhitt, Lord Viscount Be/grave, Sir Andrew Snape Hamond, Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Mildmay,

Mr. Ellison, Sir David Carnegie, Mr. Dundas Saunders,

Mr. Fordyce, Mr. John Fane.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over.

And they went to the Conference.

And

Mutiny BUI, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Mean , deferred.

fetmon of

Lowland Distiller in Scotland.

fiodmin Debtors Petition.

Manchester

and A niter-lands, Sic. Road Petition.

39 Geo. III. i8# — 19°

And being returned;

Mr. Secretary Dundas reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the Council; and that they had communicated to their Lord ships the Resolutions of the House of last j

{md had left a Copy of the same with their Lordships.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whol& House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-mortoW Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is i 19° dieFebruarii 5 Anno 39 Georgii III. 14 Regis, 1799 *

Prayers *

A PETITION of the Licensed Dealers in Home-made Spirits in the Lowlands of there-

unto subscribing, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer with the several Petitions, which were Yesterday presented to the House from other Licensed Dealers in Homemade Spirits, in the Lowlands of Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the distressed Debtors confined at Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, and to repair, widen, and amend, the Road from the Guide Post at the Westerly End of Newton Lane, within the Town-ship of Manchester, in the County Palatine of

caster, to Auferlands, in the Parish of Sadd/eworth, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed in and by virtue of the said Act, have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, has been duly applied for the Purposes of the said Act, but the Debt so incurred cannot be paid off, nor the said Road be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said A<d be continued; and that the Powers and Provisions of the said Act being found, in many Relpeds, defective, it is expedient that the same should be repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof; and that the Road leading out of the said Turnpike Road from the Vou 54.

Februariu 193

Town of Oldhani, to the Town of and also the Road leading out of the said Turnpike Road, from the said Town of Oldham, to the Village of Royton, in the County of , are both much

out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be a great Advantage and Convenience to the populous Towns of Oldham and A aforesaid, and to the Neighbourhood, as well as to the Public in general, if the said Roads were made Turnpike, and included in the same Act as the said first-mentioned Road: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regular tions and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Sir

Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, irf the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Dmcaster through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Croft, and also from Ferrybridge to JVeth and from thence to Bproughbridge, in the County of York, lb far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and IVe-tkerby, and from thence to was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles Mr. Wilberforce, &c. i And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's

Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of York, by Long Flat Lane,

Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scale Moor, to

Grecnhammerton, in the same County, and for making the same a high Carriage Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hettry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Ara-» ble Lands, intermixed Pastures, Open Fields, Half-year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the parish of Upton, in the County of Norfolk, and such ^arts of the Open Fields, called Upton Field and Fishley Crofts, as lie in the Parish of Fishley, in the said County, and for draining the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jodrtll, Mr. AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons' thereunto subscribing. Owners and Occupiers of Land, adjoining and near to the River Tweed, in the Neighbourhood of Ke/fo, in the County of Roxburgh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, about Forty Years ago, a Bridge, chiefly by voluntary Subfcoption,

3 D was

Ferrybridge and Borough-bridge Road Bill committed.

Knaresbrough and Green- _ Iiammertoa Road Billy committed.

Upton Inclo-

lure and Drainage Bill, committed.

Kelso Bridge. Petition. *

Burton upon Trent, &c. Roads Bill, Committed.

Petition of the Corporation of Dur. ham, against the Application for Lan-chester Inclo-

194

was built across the River Tweed, below its Junction with the Tiviot, near Kelso, at an Expence of between £.7,000 and £.8,oooo; that the said Bridge has been of great Advantage to that Part of the Country, but, by the very high Floods of the Tweed and Tiviot, in the Month of October 1797, the same was thrown down, whereby the Communication to and from the Northern and Southern Parts of the County of Roxburgh, as well as the neighbouring Counties of Berwick and Northumberland, has been greatly impeded, as the Folds on the said River are dangerous, and often impassable; and that it would be of the greatest Advantage to the Public to have the said Budge rebuilt, but the Expence of completing it will be lo great, that the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament for that Purpose, and for levying a Pontage on the said Bridge: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the said River Tweed, at or near Kelso, extending from the Parish of Kelso, in the said County of Roxburgh, on the North Side of the River, to the Lands of heugh or Springwoodpark, in the same Parish and Coun-

ty, on the South Side of the River, or for repairing and rebuilding the said. Bridge at the Place where lately thrown down by the Floods, and for levying a Toll or Pontage at or on the said Bridge, for building, or for repairing and maintaining the fame, and for borrowing Money on the Credit of the said Pontage, for the said Purposes, and paying the Expence of the Act, with all the other ul'ual and necessary Powers.

Ordered, That the said Petition :be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Fhe Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: .

; And it is referred to Sir George Douglas, Mr. Pringle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and increasing, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Well Bind of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the county of,

through the said Town,- to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.- Dudley North, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty, of the City of Durham and Framwelgate, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Petition presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January lad, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tradls of Waste Land, within and Parcel of the Manor of Lane he ster, commonly called Moor, Findon Hill Moor, and Potter Moor, in the County Palatine of Durham; and Setting forth, That the present Petitioners haw a Right of Comrpon on the said Commons or Waste Ground, called Findon Hill Moor and Potter Moor, as well as certain other Commons and Waste Grounds adjoining and near thereto, and the said Petitioners, on Tuesday in Week, An-

nually ride and perambulate the Boundaries of the Commons and Waste Grounds of and belonging to the livid City, within which Boundaries the said Commons or Waste Lands, called Findon Hill Moor and Potter Moor, are included, and the said Boundary hath been so rode and perambulated Time out of Mind; and that, at the several Meetings held pursuant to Advertisement, the Persons directed and authorized to at-8

190 Februarii.

A. 1799.

tend on their Part were not admitted to attend such Meetings, while the Business relating to the pro-poled Division and Inclosure was considered, and such BulTness was not conducted in -that fair and open Manner which Matters of that Nature, intended to be brought before the House, arc and ought to be, and the Petitioners have not consented to the said Division and Inclosure, but have and do dilient thereto: And therefore praying, That the Floule will take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or, if so, that the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners in the Commons, called Findon Hill Moor and Potter Moor, may be protected and preserved.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the- Rcmcnhani Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Hin,°com-other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Pari ill mitted. of Remenham, in the County of Berks, was read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lefevre, Mr. Simeon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John William Anderfott reported from the Com- Pierre Papil-

mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Pierre Jacques Papillon and Pierre Francois Papillon, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be time; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill "to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. '

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir John William Andersonreported from the Com-, witke's Nat.

mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Bill, reported.

Adam Withe, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Saint Bride's Poor of the Parish of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, Fleet Street, in the City of London, was read a committed Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, the Lord Mayor of London, c-:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John de ,was read a Se- D.- Luc's Nat condTime. _ Biii.wmmit-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Anderson, Sir William Do!ben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com- Bittfrnvm'# mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Godfrey Bit- pj^jj'11're\ terman, was committed; That the Committee fad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Cleak's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir John William Anderson reported from th.e Corn- nv.

mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Salomon reported. Lange, was committed; That the Committee had examined

Market Har-borough and Brampton Road Petition, reported.

Mole (worth Inc i o lure Bdh paised.

Colt ham Bridge, Church Stret-ton. See. Roads Petition.

39 Geo. III. I90 Februarii. 195

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill Be ingrafted,

Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through Dejboroug/i, Kettering, Barton, Seagrave, and , in the County of Northampton, and through , and

Ellington, to the Pound, in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, and also a certain other Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said first-mentioned Act, and also a certain other Act, paftfed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Two former Acts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table i Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Simon Hardy, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said several Acts into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due; and that the Term of the said several Acts is near expiring, and the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid, cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and lbme Amendments and Alterations made therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several, Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Har borough, in the County of , to the Pound in

the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon: And that Lord Viscount Hiand Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Moles-nvorlh, in the County of Huntin, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of MoUjworth, in the County of Huntingdon,

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for repairing the several Roads in the County of Salop, herein after described, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was pafleu in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Coleham , Vou 54.

in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Streiton, and to the Top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover, and from Cclehcim Bridge to Longdon, in the County of Salop, the Term and Powers of which Act were continued by a subsequent Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and that the Petitioners, in carrying the said first-mentioned Act into Execution, have been obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly expended, pursuant to the Di-redtions of the said Act; but the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads be kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rcltridtions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall. appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jones, Sir William &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing several Roads in the County of Somerset herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, and ether Roads adjoining thereto, all in the County of Someifet, several Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, were granted to the Petitioners and others, as Trustees for repairing and improving the several Roads and Footpaths therein described; and that the Road from Tucker's , in the Parish of Lyng, to Paper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcot, in the said County, cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and, as the same Road lies contiguous to, and communicates with the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, or some of them, it would be a Public Convenience if the Provisions of the said Act were extended to the said . Road, subject to certain Regulations and Rcltridtions; and that it is expedient that l'ome other of the Provisions of the said Act should be altered or repealed, and some further Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, should be granted, for the better carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Execution: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the l'everal Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ii shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Dickinson Ju-

nior, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to Bttry, under their Corporate Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Thirty-lirft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from chester to or near PreJlo-lee- Bridge, in the Township ol Little Lever, and from thence, by one Brunch, to or near the Town of Bolton, and, by another Branch, to or near

Taunton Roads Petition.

Mancheftrr, Bolton, and Bury, Canal Petition.

Bill for con firming an Agreement for Nether Seal Inclosure, committed.

£ \by and Road Petition, reported.

io6 190 Februarii. A. 1799.

the Town of Bury, and to WBrook, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of by Vir-

tue of which Act the Petitioners were authorized to raise and contribute among themselves the Sum of £.47,700, for making and completing the said Canal with the rite-cefiary Works and Conveniences, and also, if Need required, to raise the further Sum of £. 20,000 for the like Purpose; and that the Petitioners have proceeded to cut the said Canal pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, and have made great Progress towards the Completion thereof, and in the Execution of the same have expended not only the said Sum of £.47,700, but also the said further Sum of £.20,000, both of which Sums have been raised among the Petitioners under the Powers of the Act; and that the Petitioners have caused an Estimate to be made of the Expence of making "navigable, and completing the said Canal with proper Works and Conveniences, by which it appears it will require the further Sum of £.40,000 to finish the fame, and pay the Debts incurred by the said Proprietors, and now owing from them; and that at present the Petitioners reap little Benefit for the Sums already expended, and the Public are deprived of the Advantages they ought to derive from the Use of the said Canal, and the Petitioners are utterly unable to raise the said further Sum so wanted as aforesaid without the Aid of Parliament, and that it may be necessary also to alter and amend the said Act in some Particulars: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize and enable the said Company to raise the further Sum of£. 40,000 for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Provisions and Regulations, as the House shall think proper, and that, if necessary, the said Act may be altered and amended.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburue of Lancashire, Mr. Dent, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields and Paf-tures, within the Manors or Lordships of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, or one of them, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Lord George Augustus Henry &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Clumber.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for the Care of the Turnpike Road leading from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabid: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence in Two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and lleljcy, to the Town of Hathe same Riding;

and also an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said. late Majesty, for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds; and also an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said last-menrioned Act, so far as felates to the said Road from Selby to Leeds,-were severally read: And,

Mr. John Skelton, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said -Road from Selby to Leeds, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, which have been duly applied in the Execution thereof; that the said Monies still remain dile, toge1-ther with a considerable Arrear of Interest thereon, and also several Sums of Money on Account of Debts con-trafted in the Execution of the said Acts, which Monies cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act be further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts altered and enlarged: And the Witness further said, That it will be necessary that the Tolls should be increiifed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fof continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from to Leeds, in the

West Riding of the County of Turk: And that Mr, Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Alderson, Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of William Tout ill. Gentleman, Owner of Lands and Grounds, and also of several Houses and Frontsteads having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Berkin aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Commons and Waste Lands are, in their present open State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Arden presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for difiolving the Marriage of Edward Jervis Ricketts, Esquire, with the Honourable Cafj'andra Txvijleton, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's T able,.

Ordered

Birkin Inclosure Petition *

Marine Mutiny Bill, pre-feuttd.

Committee on' Rickett's Divorce Bill.

Assistant Overseers Bill, ordered.

Mutiny Bill, 'deferred.

Easton Inclosure Bill, presented.

Horton Inclosure Petition.

Whitford In dofure Petition.

39 Geo. III.

19® — 20! Februarii.

197

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Majority of Parishioners, rated and paying to the Poor Rates, to appoint, Annually, a Person to alii It the OverseerS: And that Mr. Simeon and Mr. Shaw Lefevredo prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other' Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn *

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for pu nil'll ing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurit, 20° Februarii;

Anno 39 Georgii 3 11 Regis, 1799. Prayxrs.

MR. Bernard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, and all Commonable Places and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Enston, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Thomas Willi, Esquire, Lord of the Manor and Soil within the Parish of , in the County of Buckingham, and of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of the Estates within the Parish and Manor of Horton aforesaid, was presented to the House, ^nd read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish and Manor, several Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided into specific Shares and Allotments, according to each Person's Right therein, and inclosed, i't would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners, and all others interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bernard and Mr. Morland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within the Manor of , and in

the rest of the Pari Ha of Whitford, in the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That- there are, within the said Parish and Manor, several Common Lands and Marshes, in and upon which the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common, and the fame, in their present State, arc of little Value; but, if divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, they might be very considerably improved: And therelpre praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Lands and Marshes in the Manor of M, and in the rest of the Parish of Whitford, in the said County, and for fencing the said Marshes, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purr: suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vol. 54.

Lloyd and Mr. Williams Wynn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

/ ..

' A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-njnth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Ronds leading from the Market Hoalc in the Town of Much Wcniock, and from Gleet on Hill to , in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Townshend, See.: And they are. to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging tire Term and Powers of an Aift, palfed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Birches Brook to BuildWas Bridge, and from thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop, fa far as relates to the last-rncn-tioned Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Wallace, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Towmship and Liberty of Harworth, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands belonging to the several Proprietors in the Open Fields in the said ToVvnship and Liberty, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, at present, incapable ' of any considerable Improvement; but, if Power was given to allot, or divide and inclose, the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Township and Liberty, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Pierrepont do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Land, and otherwise interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Bulwell, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Property of the Petitioners in the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lauds, liesdifpcrled in small Parcels, and, in their prefect Situation, incapable of Improvement; and it will he greatly to their Advantage, if the same were dir yided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Fields, Meadow s, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. pierrepont do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands.and Grounds, within the Tvtiling of Oare, in the Parishes of and Hidjh, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the bjoule, relative to Bills of Inclosure,. hftd cn com-.

3 £ ^>lied

Much Wen *

lock Roads Bill, comirut-ted.

Build was Bridge Roads Bill, committed.

Harworth Inclosure Petition.

Bulwell Inclosure Petition.

Oare Inclosure Bid, reported.

198

20° Febra

A.

1799.

Dr Luc's Nit bill, reported.

Aflelby tn-closure Petition.

plied with} And that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 28 Acres 3 Roods and 33 Perches of Land> who refused to' sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Open and Common Field Lands'intended to be divided and inclosed, conlifts of 230 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Peri'on appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House.; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli > vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table 1 Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John De , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the {everal Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Estates in the Township of in the East Riding of

the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallure Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, wherein the Lands of the respective Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any. considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and restrictions, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Estates in the Township of West otherwise West

Cottingworth, and Thorg, otherwise , in-

the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to 1 the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township of West Cottingwith, otherwise West Cottingworthy and Thorganby, otherwise Throckanby, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, wherein the Lands of the respective Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and restrictions, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuAnt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce- and Mr. Henry Lafcetles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Great Eiiing. Petition Qf several of the Owners and Proprietors petition.0 Ure of, and Persons interested in, the Commons and Waste

West Cottingwith Indofere Petition.

Lands within the Parish Of Great Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Commons and Waste Lands, in and over which there are certain Rights of Common belonging to the Petitioners and others, and which Commons and Waste Lands, in their present Condition, yield but little Profit to the Persons interested therein; but, if the said Rights were extinguished, and the said Commons and Waste Lands divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several other Proprietors and Persons aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Buxton and Mn Act ley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Edward Marcus Defpard, Esquire, Question Nrg. being offered to be presented to the House; up a Petition

And a Motion being made, and the Question being of Mr. Def-put. That the said Petition be brought up; ^ard *

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Heretors, Farmers,

Traders, and Others, interested in the Road and Bridges Roads Peti-after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; tion. Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Greenlaw Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called in

the Parish of Westruther, and leading by or near Slack-bridge, by Gordon and Greenknow, and the East Side of Millerftain, by Nenthorn, and from thence to Kelso, is at present in very bad Repair, and, in bad Weather, and in the Winter Season, alfnoft impassable for Wheel Carriages; and that it would be a great Benefit to the Public, and to all Travellers thereon, if the said Road was altered, widened, or straitened, and the Steeps or Pulls thereon made more easy and commodious, and the Whole put in a proper State of Repair, and the necessary Bridges thereon built or repaired, so as to complete the same; but the Funds now allowed by Law are inadequate and insufficient for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

' And it is referred to Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Wallace,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fofton Bridge and Little Drayton Roads Bill, ordered.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon . Monday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others,

Trustees for executing several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from Fofton Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Fofton Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Drayton, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Thomas Manners Sutton and Mr. Wood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Isaac Pickering, Esquire, of Fox Lease, Mr. Picker-in the Parish of Lyndhurst, in the County of Southampton, fof InZx- being offered to be presented to the House; chan ge of

MV Land.

39 Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

r99

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's " One Act of Parliament, the Latvs relating to the Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty,' " Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England" having been informed of the Contents of the said Peti- might be read.

tion, recommends it to the Consideration of the And the same was tead accordingly.

I Joule. The House was also moved, That an Act, made

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His piefent Setting forth. That His present Majesty, by Letters Majesty, intituled " An Act for providing an Augmen-Patent, bearing Date the 28th Day of February 1791, " tation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in did demise to Dame Anne Clerke, YVidow of the late Sir " the Manner therein directed, and for enabling His Philip Jennings Clerke, Baronet, certain Lands therein Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of mentioned, lying in the said Parish of Lyndhurst, for " Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms," the Term of Thirty-one Years, reserving a Rent of might be read.

£. 12. i6j. id. and which Premises are now become And the same was read accordingly, vested in the Petitioner by Purchase from the said Lady The House was also moved. That another Act, made Anne Clerke, and the Pet itioner is desirous of exchanging in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present

the same for an equal Quantity of Waste Lands, Part of Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and_amend an

Address for

Corre^HJii-

tience with Governors, &c. in the West Indies.

the New Forest, and situate in the said Parish, as he would thereby be enabled to drain and otherwise improve certain Parts of his Estates which adjoin thereto} and that the said Waste Lands lie open and uninclosed, and are, in their present State, of little or no Value; but, if H is Majesty was enabled to make a Grant thereof to the Petitioner, the said Lands would be considerably improved, and the Timber growing thereon-secured and preserved, without any Expence to the Crown: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant to the Petitioner a Lease of the said Waste Lands, in Exchange for his present Lease, under the same Rent, and for the like Period, as he now holds the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, Copies of such further Correspondence as may have passed between His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, and the Governors, or other Civil Authorities, in His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies, since the 2 2d of March last, in pursuance of His gracious Directions concerning the Address of this House to His Majesty, on the 6th of April 1797

Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Man-r " ner therein directed, and for enabling His Majesty to " cause the same to be embodied, in case of Necessity, " for the Defence of these Kingdoms," -might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to give " further Time for putting in Execution an Act, made " in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain " Proportion of the Supplementary Militia, and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the " several Companies of Militia, by incorporating the " Supplementary Militia therewith," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men to be raised, and to serve, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Secretary,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His jesty, intituled " An Act for enabling His Majesty to

Bill for extending tht Volunteer Corps Exemption A tt9 ordered.

Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for

raise a Provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in case of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made exempting, during the present War, certain Persons, in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present

" serving in Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for " the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions; " and for making out new Lists of Men liable to serve " in the said Militia," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for

" present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may " suffer in their Property by such' Measures as may be " necessary for that Purpose," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Provisions of the first-mentioned Act to

Bill to amend Acts respecting Pro v atonal Cavalry, ordered.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an " Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, " intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise a " Provisional Force of Cavalry, to be embodied, in " same of Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in

the Defence and Security of the Realm during the the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Regulation of the Provisional Force of Cavalry, raised by virtue of Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly}

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal certain Parts of the said Acts, and for making

Volunteer Corps raised under the last mentioned Act, further Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional and for giving further Time for transmitting Copies of Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called out the Muller Rolls of Volunteer Corps who shall claim and embodied: And that Mr. Secretary , Mr.

the Exemption grafted by the said first-mentioned Act: Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Hujkijfon, do pre-

And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Chancellor of the pare, and bring in, the fame.

Exchequer, and Mr. Hujkijfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Sop ply, de-

r«- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into Majesty.

Vol. 54. 1

dneint; the Kucher of Militia Men, ordered.

200

Ways and Means, deferred.

Audra (Worn.

Audra's Nat. Bill, committed.

Rickett's Divorce Bill, passed.

Long Preston Inclosure and Drainage Petition.

20° — 2i° — 22° Februarii, A. 1799.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 2i° die Februarii;

Anno 39° Georgii III. U Regis, 1799. Prayers.

CjCUSTIN Eliza Cefar Audra took the Oaths ap-J pointed, in order to his Naturalization.

r The House met, and being counted by Mr. Speaker, it appealed that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question firstput, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 2 2° die Februariiy Anno 39 Georgii 3'" Regis, 1799, Prayers.

A BILL for naturalizing JttJlin Eliza Cefar Audra, was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Shaw Lefevre, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from' the Lords, intituled, An Act for difi'olving the Marriage of Edward Jervis Ricketts, Esquire, with the Honourable and

to enable him to mairy again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of William Birlw Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Township of Long in the Parish of

Long Prejlcn, in the West Riding of the County of York, Fifteen Open and Uninclosed Fields and Parcels of Ground, called Recdholme, Bigholme Crook,

Line Moor, Carr Ends, Rofsholme, Broadholme, Broad-holme Heads, Newdale Heads, Neepholme, Sour dales, Will Crooks, Wandales, Callabar Pits, and Pownfield, containing together, by Eftiraation, 150 Acres, or thereabouts; and that there are also Four undivided Stinted Pastures, called Laugher, Ridding Banks, Raghirk, and Cracoe Mire, containing, by Estimation, 400 Acres, or thereabouts; and there are also certain Parcels of Ground, called Long Preston lugs, within the said Township, containing upwards of 150 Acres; and that the Petitioners are the Owmers and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within ‘the said Open Fields and Ings, and also Owners of the Cattle Gates or Beast Gates on the said Stinted Pastures; and the said Lands and Grounds in the Lid Open Fields lie dispersed and intermixed with 6

each other, and the said Parcels of Ground, called The Ings, are frequently overllowed by Water from a certain Rivulet, called Long Preston Beck, and from a certain River, called Rihble, and are' not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement; and that the said Open Fields, Ings, and Stinted Pastures, are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the said Rivulet, called Long Beck, was banked,

the said Lands, called The lugs, drained, and the said Open Fields and Stinted Pastures divided and inclosed, and specitic Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights in the fame; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, and for banking the said Rivulet, called Long Preston Beck, and for draining the said Grounds, called The Ings, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

force. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within the Manor of won k with Cumber worthHaf, in the Parishes of

stone and A irkburton, in the County of York, was present-

ed to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor there are several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are not of much Value to the Persons interested therein, nor capable of much Improvement; but, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the said Persons, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, it would be greatly for their Be nelit and Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Re gulafions and ltestrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands or Tenements entitled to Right of Common upon the Common Moor or Waste Ground, and Open and Common Pasture, and Arable Lands, in the farifn oi Roth bury, in the County of Northumberland, herein after described, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, and certain Open and Common Pasture, and Arable Lands, called Yhr opt on Common, which, in their present State, are of little Value; but, if divided, allotted, and inclosed, would be capable of great Improvement, and be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, the said Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, and Open and Common Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Burden and Mr. Beaumont, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. '

A Pe-

Cmrtbfrwtyrrti Inclyture Petition.

RotkVm ~r Ttv-do!unt Petition-

30 Geo. III'. 22 Februarii.201

Hiyfs inelo- A Petition of the Nobleman, and the humble Peti-liw euuon. the several other Persons whose Names are there-

unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, Common of Pasture, and other Rights, within and upon the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Middlesex, including the several Precin<fls, Townships, Hamlets, and Places, within the same Parish, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Lands and Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners, and of all the other Proprietors within the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Cotnmonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and inconveniently situated, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein, it would be of great Benefit to them, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pole Carew, the Earl Temple, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

irriEngW Mr. AJlleypresented to the House, according to Or-

jncl^ireBiU, ^er' a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the presented. ' Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Br effing ham and Fersfield, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kminghnll Mr. AJlley presented to the House, according to presented.Bin' Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Ground^, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Surrey Debtor A Petition of the Debtors confined in the County

Petition. Gaol of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That- the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition for A Petition of several Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Portmgef in Shopkeepers, and others, Inhabitants of the City of London, kc. London, and its Environs, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have long suffered from the exorbitant Charges made by Innkeepers, and other Persons, for the Porterage of Parcels, Game, and other Things, brought to the Cities of don and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, and from the improper Conduct of the Porters employed to deliver the fame; and that the Laws, now in Force against such Charges, are not only tedious, but attended with great Inconvenience, insomuch as to compel the Petitioners to submit to such Impositions rather than appeal to the Remedies now in Force, and the Petitioners conceive that Justice would be done, between the Public and the Parties concerned in the Delivery of the Articles above-mentioned, if a certain fixed Rate, according to Distance, was established by Law, and all Disputes and Differences reflecting such Delivery, or the Charges for the fame, and the Conduct of the said Porters, were referred to the Magistrates, in the several Vo L. 54.

jurisdictions or Distri&s, to hear and determine the lame, in a summary Way: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Charges for Porterage in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and the Conduct of the Porters employed, in such Manner, and under such Rellrnftio'ns, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr'. Aldermen Curtis, the Lord Mayor of Londont&c.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Licensed Dealers in Home-made Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer, with the several Petitions, which were presented to the House, upon Monday last, from other Licensed Dealers in Home-made Spirits, in the Lowlands of Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition ®f several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majestyfor amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading From t.^e Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and from the End, of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and certain other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr: William King, being examined, said, That the Trustees, appointed in pursuance of the said Acts, have made great Progressin the repairing of the said Roads, and a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, now remains due, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of in the

Coufity of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell , near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned: And that Mr. Plumer and Mr. Baker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Lands and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of Codicot, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for dividing 3 F and

Petition of Lowland Distillers in Scotland.

Enfield, Hertford, and Ware Roads Petition, reported.

Petition from Codicot to be included in the Kneb-worth Inelo sure Bill.

202

22° Februarii.

A. 17 99.

and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Knebworth, in the County of Hertford; and further Setting forth. That there are, within the adjoining Pari ill of Codicct, several Open and Common Fields, Common Pailures, Waste Lands, and other, Commonable Lands and Grounds, in which the Lands of the Petitioners lie inconveniently dispersed and intermixed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of the other Proprietors, if such Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof set out and allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to the Value of their respective Properties, Rights, and Interests; but that Notice of the intended Application to Parliament, for inclosing the said Parifll of Codicot, was not given till the Month of "January last, such Application not having been earlier determined upon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given, that, in the said intended Bill for dividing and inclosing the Parish of Provision may all'o

be made for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, in the said Parifll of Codicot, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

BufcotTythes A Petition of Edward Loyeden, of Bufcot

Petition. Park, in the Parish of Bufcot, in the County of Berks, Esquire, and Slade Baker, of the said Parifll, Clerk, was presented to the tloufe, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner Edward Loveden Loveden is Patron, and the Petitioner Slade Baker is Rector, of the Rectory and Parifll Church of Bufcot, in the said County; and that the Homefleads, Farms, and Lands, in the Parish of Bufcot aforesaid, are old Inclosure, and belong to the said Edward Loveden Loveden and others; and that the said Slade Baker, as Rector of the said Rectory and Church, is entitled to all the Great and Small Tythes arising, increasing, and renewing, upon the said Home-Reads, Farms, and Lands, and it will be convenient and advantageous to all the Proprietors of Homefleads, Farms, and Lands, in the said Parifll, as well as to the , Rector for the Time being of the said Rectory and Church, if the Great and Small Tythes aforesaid were commuted for perpetual Corn Rents, to be fixed and charged upon the respective Homefleads, Farmf, and Lands aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fof fixing and settling a Commutation for the Great and Small Tythes of and upon the Homefleads, Farms, and Lands, within the said Parifll, by the Payment of Com Rents for ever for the fame, subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Francis Sykes and Mr. George Vanfttart do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Woriington A Petition of the Right honourable Sir Grey Cooper,

Allotment1 1 Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Woriington Abergavenny,

Petition, otherwise Bergavenny, within the Parish of Woriington, in the County of Suffolk, and of John Swale, Efljuire, Lord of the Manor of Woriington Scales, alias Tindalls, within the said Parifll, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, within the said Parifll of Woriington, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parifll, divers Lands and Grounds, called Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Warrens, Fens,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, which are subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common; and that great Part thereof is inconveniently situated for Cultivation, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, agreeably to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing several Roads in the Counties of and

Fork, herein after described, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame; as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near,

in the said County of Derby, to Clown, in the same County, was read: And,

Mr. John Rimington, being examined, said. That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and that the Trustees have, in pursuance of the said Act, borrowed several Sums of Money on Security of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid nor can the said Roads be kept in Repair, unless the said Tolls, and the Powers of the said Act, be continued for a further Term: And the Witness added. That it is expedient that some Amendments and Alterations should be made in the Provisions of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an.Adl, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of York, and from Mofborough Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing Two Acts, palfed for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge; in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Wnthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempfton, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, which have been applied for the Purposes of the Acts; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the

Gander Lane and Sheffield Roads Petition, reported.

Loughborough and Ashby de la Zouch Road Petition.

22° Februarii

Whitwick In-dofure Petition.

Atbridpe In cloi ure Petition.

Marlborough and Sheppard's Shord, &c. Roads Petition,

39 Geo. III.

203

said Roads be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair, unless the said Term be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edmund Cradock Mr. Legh Keck, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend John Piddocke, Ellis Shipley Pejlell, Esquire, Henry Cropper, Esquire, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Land, Ground, and Right of Common, within the Lordships and Liberties of IV),litztick, and

in the Parish of Whitwick, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Lordships or Liberties, several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and that the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields and Meadows lie intermixed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and it would greatly tend to the Advantage of the several Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specilic Parts thereof allotted to each Proprietor and Person interested, according to his or her Property and Interest thereinj and that certain Allotments or Divisions of Land, within the said Lordship or Liberty of stone, have heretofore been made amongst the Proprietors by private Agreement, which would be of great Advantage and Benefit to the said Proprietors to be confirmed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, and for confirming the said Allotments and Divisions, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp and Mr. Legh Keck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of in the County of

Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and the Petitioners apprehend it would be very advantageous to them, and to all other Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Billj for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Dickinson Junior, and Mr. Oore Langton,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in and by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms,

Vol. 54.

and altering the Pc.vers, of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from,

through West Kennett, to Sheppard's Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds in Beckampton to the Top of Cherrill Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Crofsway at Beckhampton, and from the Turnpike Gate of Avebury

to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Sivindon to the Carpenters Arms at Blunfden, in the County of , and for diverting, turning, and altering, Part of the said Roads, and for repairing and widening the Road on the West Side of the Three Barrows, from the Direction Poll there, on the new Road, leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the Distance of One Mile from the said Direction Poll, Westward, and also of many of the principal Inhabitants and Landholders residing in and near the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied towards repairing the said Roads, hotwith-standing which some Parts thereof are now dill out of Repair} and that, from the great Length of the said Roads, it would be of great Convenience and Advantage to the Public if the same were divided into Two different Districts, and Two Sets of Trustees were appointed for the Management of the said Roads, One in each District, and the Toils, for the Repairs of each District, applied separately} and that if the Road from the Bar Gate at Avebury, over the Common Fields to West Kennett, to, or nearly opposite, the White Hart Inn there, was made a Part of the said Turnpike Road, it would be of great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility } and that the said several Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the several Alterations above-mentioned made, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Toils thereby granted be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further extended, altered, and enlarged: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickinson, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, named and ap- Meikftam pointed for the Execution of an Act, passed in the andpoombe Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King PetlU Gem-ge the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of,

through Googe's Lane, Corsham, and West

Tatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in the Parish of Castle Coombe, in the County of Wilts, and of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act, and also of several of the principal Inhabitants and Landholders residing in and near the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Terms granted by the said several Acts are now near expiring, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted thereby, and the same hath been laid out and expended in the Reparation of the said Roads; and that the Sum of £.1,110. of the Money so borrowed now remains due, and the said Roads

cannot

Bi (hop (lone Inclosure Petition.

Stratford and Milford Division and Allotment Bill, presented.

Kottingham and Derby Roads Bill, committed.

Moorgate In« clol'ure Petition.

204 a2° Februarii. 1799.

cannot be effectually kept in Repair, and the Monies remaining due thereon be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said several Acts be further extended, altered, amended, and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms, and alter and amend the Powers, of the said Acts, or that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

&c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Parish of,

in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided into specific Shares and Allotments, according to each Person's Right therein, and inclosed, it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Goddard, and Mr. Penruddocke

ham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of the-CaJlle and Milford, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirry-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Nottingham and , so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End

of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post in the Parish of jteuton to Sawley Ferry, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Lord George Augujins Henry Cavendish, See.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Freeholders, having Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in and upon theOpen Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet of Moorgate, in the Parish of Clarbrough, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Hamlet and Parish, certain Open Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds, containing together ioo Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are incapable of much Improvement, and cannot be occupied to lb much Advantage as they might be if the same were allotted to the several persons interested, according to their respective Pro-

.perties, Rights of Common, and other Interests therein, and Satisfaction made for the Tythes thereof, which would tend greatly to the Benefit of all such Persons, and also be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may. be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, the said Open Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds, and also for making' a Compensation for the several Tythes arising within the said Hamlet, in such Proportions, with such Powers, under such restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall leem requisite. _ '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke and Mr. Pierre pent do prepare, " and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Parish of Crovghton, otherwise Crow ton in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, consisting of Fifty-one Yard Lands, or thereabouts, of Arable Land and Lev Ground, and divers Quantities of Meadow and Pasture Land, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Quantities, so as to be inconvenient for Occupation, and which would be capable of considerable Improvement, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and indoling the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke and Mr. pi chins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

X

A Petition of the Most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, Earl Marshal of England, and the humble Petition of other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Parishes of Houghton and South Stoke, in the County of Sussex, several Common Fields, and Commonable and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; but, if divided and allotted to and amongst the several Persons entitled thereto, the same might be inclosed and greatly improved; and that the Line or Course of the Public lloads within the said Parishes, as wellasfomeof those of the-adjoining Parish of Arundel connected therewith, are inconvenient, and considerable Advantage would be derived to the said Parishes, and the Public at large, if the same were varied and altered, and forae new Roads set out and made within the said Parishes: And therefore praying, That "Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates in the Western Division of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to enable the Justices of the Peace, acting for the Western Division of the County of , to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame; and that, in pursuance and under the Directions of the said Act, a convenient Piece of Ground was purchased in the Parish " ' of

Cron Hi tort Inclosure Petition.

Houghton and South Stoke Inclo-fu re and Road Petition *

Kent Gaol Petition.

Petition of the Board of ^Agriculture *

Market Hnr-borough and Brampton Hoad Bill, predicated.

Walton Tn^ dofdre PetU Cion *

39 Geo. III.

of Maidf!one, in the said County, and a Gaol erected thereon, and the Expences thereof were defrayed out of a Surplus of the County Stock then in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Western Division, as in the said Act is particularly mentioned; and that it is by the said Act enacted, that the Justices of the Peace, at the General Quarter Sessions for the said Western Division, should raise, or cause to be raised, within the same Division, sufficient Sums of Money for repairing the said Prison from Time to Time; and the said Prison, although situated in the Western Division of the said County, does net belong thereto exclusively, but is the Prison for the whole County generally, and the Petitioners conceive it is not reasonable that the Expences of repairing and maintaining the same should be borne by the Western Division only, instead of being defrayed by the County at large; and that the said Act should be altered and amended, so far as the same respects the Maintenance and Repairs of the said Gaol: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, , as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the President and Members of the Board of Agriculture, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty rs Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to- the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That, His Majesty having been graciously pleased, in consequence of an Address from the House, to constitute, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, a Board of Agriculture, for promoting the internal Improvement of the Country, the Petition-, ers have much Satisfaction in acquainting the House, that the important Purposes intended by that Institution are carrying on, and are likely to be attended, with very beneficial Effects to the.Public: And there-, fore praying, That they may be- supported by a further Grant for the present Year.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King. George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, Common of Pasture, and other Rights, within and upon the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Walton, in the Parish of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, whole Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That' the leyeral Lands and Grounds, the Property of the Voi. 5.

205

Petitioners, and other the Proprietors, within the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, are intermixed, dispersed, and inconveniently situated, and, in their present Situation, incapable ofahv considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein, it would be of great Benefit to them, and Utility to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl 'Temple and Mr. Bernard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Hamlet of Singleborough, in the Parish of Great Horwood, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Hamlet certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, consisting of Thirty-seven Yard Lands, or thereabouts, of Arable Land and Ley Ground, and divers Quantities of Meadow and Pasture Land, which lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Quantities, so as to be inconvenient for Occupation, and would be capable of considerable Improvement, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a- Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl Temple and Mr. Bernard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Motiday Morning next, resolve itself' into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners for improving and completing the Thames Navigation, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of all Money received and disbursed by the Commissioners, appointed for improving and completing the Navigation of the Thames and ljis, for the Year 1798.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for exempting, during the present War, certain " Persons, serving in Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain ". Cpnditions, and for making out new Lists of Men

3 G " liable

22° Februarii.'

4

Singleborough Inclosure Petition *

Marine Ma-tiny BUb committ <

Thames and Ills Navigation Account presented

Bill for e x^ tending the Volunteer Corps Exemption Act p relented.

Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men, presented.

BUI to amend

Acts refoe£t-SngProvisional Cavalry, presented."

Answer to Address.

Cotte (pendente with Governors, &c. in the West Indies, printed.'

2»o6 % 26 Februarii. 1799 *

w liable to serve in the said Militia,' to Volunteer Corps raised under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for giving further Time for transmitting Copies of the Muller Rolls of Volunteer Corps v.ho shall claim the Exemption granted by the said first-mentioned Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men to be raised, and to lerve, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning npxt.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Pravisional Force of Cavalry, and for making further Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied > And the same was received; and read ihe First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Secretary Dundas reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday fall (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, Copies of such further Cor-]-espondence as may have passed between His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, and the Governors, or other Civil Authorities, in His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West , since the 22d of March last, in pursuance of His Gracious Directions concerning the Address of this House to His Majesty, on the 6th of April 1797) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that Fie will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Governor Green to the Duke of Portland, dated , 20th February

1798: And also,

N° 2. Copy of an Act, passed in the Island of Grenada, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection,

" and for promoting the natural Increase and Population, of Slaves within the Island of Grenada, and " luc'n of the Grenadhies as are annexed to the Government thereof; for compelling an adequate Provision for, and Care of them, as well in Sickness " and Old Age, as in Health; and for constituting " and appointing Guardians to effectuate and carry into " Execution the Regulations and Purpol'es of this " ActAnd also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Lord Ralcarres to the Duke of Portland, dated Jama, 24th December 1797; inclosing,

N° 4. Copy of an Address of the Council of Jamaica: And also,

N° 5. Copy of the Address of the Assembly of Jamaica: And also,

- N° 6. Copy of an Act for laying a Duty on all Negro Slaves that shall be imported into this Island (Jamaica) from the Coait-of Africa, who shall be above a certain'

Age, and for regulating the Manner of ascertaining such Age, 23d j December 1797: And also,

N 7. Clause of an Act, passed in the Island of Jamaica, intituled " An Act for the better Establishment of the Clergy of this Island, to oblige the " Justices and Vestries to build a Church and Par — " lonage House in their respective Parishes, and for " establishing a Fund or Provision for the Support and " Maintenance of the Widows and Orphan Children " of deceased ClergymenAnd also,

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from Mr. President 7 son to the Duke of Portland, dated Christopher, 4th May 1798; inclosing,

N 9. Copy of a Speech to the General Council and Assembly at the Close of the Session, Christopher, 23d April 1798: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Mr. President Jon to the Duke of Portland, dated Saint Christopher, 22d June 1798: And also,

N° 11. Copy of an Act, passed in the Island of Saint Christopher, by the General Council and General Assembly of the Leeward Charibbee Islands, intituled, "An Act more effectually to provide for the Support, " and to extend certain Regulations for the Protection, of Slaves, to promote and encourage their Increase, and generally to meliorate their Condition And also,

N° 12. Extract of a Letter from Mr. President son to the Duke of Portland, dated Saint 28th June 1798: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from Governor De to the Duke of Portland, dated Tobago, 3th July 1798 j inclosing,

N 14. Extract of the Minutes of the Assembly of Tobago, dated 25th June 1798: And also,

N 15. Copy of a Letter from the Honourable A, C. Johnstone to the Duke of Portland, dated 5th June 1798: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bentinck to the Duke of Portland, dated Saint , 8th June

1798: And also,

N 17. Copy of a Letter from Governor Ricketts to the Duke of Portland, dated Barbadoes, 31st May 1798: And also, _

N° 18. Copy of a Circular Letter to His Majesty's Governors of the West India I funds, dated 23d April 1708: And also, 1

N 49. Copy of Inclosure in the Duke of Portland's Circular Letter to the Governors of the West India Ifands (except to Jamaica) Whitehall, 23d 1798:

And also,

N 20, Copy of Inclosure in the Duke of Portland's Letter (Circular) to the Governor of Jamaica.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to "be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House. ! ' . '

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from, Great Britain, for Twelve Years preceding

the 5th Day of January 1799; distinguishing each Year,

and distinguishing the value of Produce and

Manufactures from the Value of Foreign Articles, together with the Difference between the Official Value and the Declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures exported in the Year ending the 5th of nuary 1799, so far as^he same can be ascertained. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxesj for Two Years, ending the 5th of January 1799;

distinguishitig

Accounts ordered.

Imports an4 Exports,

Permanent

Taxes.

Public

Monies.

Order for Ac«

count of Tonnage, &c. in the African Trade, dii-charged.

Account of Ships arrived from Africa in the West Indies, ordered.

Staffordshire

Writ

Litchfield

Wri

3 o Geo. III. . 2 2° Februani. 207

distinguishing each Quarter, and distinguishing the Duties imposed in 1793, 1794, 1795>1796, 1797, and ,798-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining unappropriated in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1798, together with the Monies paid into the tame between the 5th Day of January 1798 and the 6th Day of January 1799, have been actually applied; distinguishing the Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service, namely, ill. The Interest of tire Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management, and Sums paid towards its Reduction. 2dly. The Interest on Exchequer Bills. 3dly. Tire Civil List. 4thly. The other Charges on the Consolidated Fund. 5'thly. The Navy, specifying the Amount of the Monies relpec-. tjvely paid to the Use of the Admiralty and Navy Office, the Marines, the Victualling, the Sick and Wounded, the Transports, and the rrisoners of War in Health. 6thly. The Ordnance, jtlaly. The Army, specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services, viz. for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, and Invalids, for Barracks, for Staff Officers and Officers of Garrisons, for Half Pay, for Widows Pensions, for Chelsea Hospital, for Foreign Corps, for Exchequer Fees, and for Pay of Public Offices; specifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services of the Array. 8thly. Loans, Remittances, and Advances, to other Countries, specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively. 9thiy. Mif-cellancous Services at Home and Abroad, specifying the Total Amount paid upon each Article; together with the further Amount of any fart of the said Public Monies applied to any other Public Services, specify-ang the fame.

Tire House was moved. That the Order made upon Monday last, " That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Tonnage and Number of Men employed in the Navigation of Ships trading to the " Coast of Africa, between the Periods of the ift of " January 1798 and the ift of January 1799; together " with the N umber of Slaves loft in each Ship, as far " as the same can be ascertained," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ships that have arrived from the Coast of Africa in any of the British India lfands, between the Period of January 5th, 1796, and January 5th, 1797, with the Amount of the Tonnage, and the Number of Mariners navigating the said Ships, as also the Number of the Slaves shipped on board each Ship on the Coast of Africa, with the Account of thofewho arrived in any of the said Islands.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of the Right honourable George Granville Leveson Gower Sutherland, commonly called Earl, Gower Sutherland, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Postmaster General.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfield, in the room of the Right honourable Granville commonly called Lord Granville Leveson Gower, who, fines, hi Election for the said City, hath accepted tLe.Offics of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three , Qtuftern

You. 54.

Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beverley, in the County of York, in the room of William Fatten, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Dorset, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House Copies of the Examinations taken before the Magistrates of the County of Middlesex, at their last Quarter Sessions, respecting the State of the Prison in Cold Bath Fields,' and returned by them to the Office of Secretary of . Statel ' J ‘

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary at War, relative to General and Staff Officers, upon the 12th Day of this Instant February, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House. '.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. ' *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. 1

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he Was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. - *

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the " last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and " Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and " to make, more effectual Provision for the like Pur-. " pose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in w lieu of the said Duties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Time for returning Assessments under , the said Act: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in^ the fame.

' ‘ ' " ' ' ' The

BeviSey

Writ.

Wareham

Writ,

Address respecting the State of the Prison in Cold Bath Fields.

Accounts of General and Stats Officers, to be printed *

Committee of

Way and Mean *

Bill to amend the Income Duty Act, ordered.

Order of Leave for AffilUnt Over-ieers Bill, discharged.

Another Bill ordered.

Bill to amend the Income Duty Act, pretoted.

Aflirtant Overseers Bill, present-«d.

Selby and Leeds Road Bill, presentr <d. *

Mutiny l^ill, deferred *

Supply, de-jfcfltd *

Thcfiiunt Inclosure Peti-troii *

208

22° — 23°

A.

'199

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill " to enable the Majority of Parishioners, rated and " paying to the Poor Rates, to appoint, Annually, a " rerfoa to alfift the Overseers," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to alfift the Overseers of the Pooi: And that; Mr. Simeon, Mr. John

Fane, and Mr. Shaw Lefevredo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mn Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Time for returning Assessments under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the " last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and " Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to " make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, " by granting certain Duties upon Income in lieu of " the said Duties:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

"Mr. Simeon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to alfift the Overseers of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tim? upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Wilberforce preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, paired in the fourteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in die West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

JRefolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the Better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

The other Order of the Day Being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati^ 230 d Februarii;

Anno 39 Georgii III111 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir George William Prescott, Baronet, the Reverend Joseph Martin, Oliver -well, William Tatnall, Thomas Stephen

and George B. Prescott, whose Nafnes are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves knd others. Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Cin the County of Herts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, and Common Lammas Meadows, containing together 1,555 Acres, or thereabouts, and also a certain Common called Cheshunt Common, containing 1,186 Acres, or thereabouts, all which may be greatly improved in Value, if divided into specific Al- . lotments, according to each Person's Right and Interest therein, and if the same were inclosed; and that there are, within the said Parish, several Messuages, Tenements, and old inclosed Lands, containing 5,375 Acres, or thereabouts, belonging to various Persons having Right of Common in and over the said Lands and Grounds: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Buxton, Mr. Plumer, and Mr. Baker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lords and Ladies of tKe Manor of Brixham Brixham, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is an ancient Harbour,

Pier, or Quay, at Brixham Quay, within and Part of the said Manor, and a very considerable Fishery hath been long established there, and hath of late Years increased in a great Degree; and that the said Harbour, Pier, or Quay, is much injured by Time and Tempests, and is not sufficiently large to serve the necessary Purposes of the Fishermen there, and the Tolls and Dues received from Vessels belonging to or frequenting the said Harbour are so small, that the Petitioners cannot thereout repair or enlarge the fame; and that there is, and hath been, an ancient Market at Brixham Quay aforesaid, but there is no convenient Place for holding the lame, and the Population of the said Place hath of late increased so considerably that a regular Market will be of great Utility to the Inhabitants thereof, and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them and their Heirs,

Lords and Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being, to enlarge the said Harbour, Pier, or Quay, and to erect a Market Place, and keep and hold a Market at the said Place called Brixham Quay, and to collect and receive such Tolls, Dues, and Payments, at the said Harbour, Pier, Quay, and Market, as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord VHinc king brook,

Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Taylor, of the Haymarket, Petition for Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Proprietor of the from thtTiilyO Theatre in the Haymarket, in the City of Westminster, market. called The King's Theatre, and he has, from Time to Time, expended and disbursed several very considerable Sums of Money, making in the Whole a very large Amount, in order to render the said Theatre complete and convenient for the Performance of Theatrical Entertainments, and for the Reception and Accommodation of Company,

But the Avenues and Approaches to the same are Hill not sufficiently convenient for the Access of the great 7 Number

39 Geo. III. 230 Feb,

' Number of Carriages and Persons'retorting thereto; and that the Street called Pall-Mall is one of the principal Approaches to Saint James's Palace, from the Enftcrn Parts of the Metropolis, and is a very great Thoroughfare, but the East End thereof is not io wide as the other Parts of the Street, by which Means' Obstructions and Inconveniences occur in that Part, and more especially on the Nights of Performance at the Opera House, to which it nearly adjoins; and that, if the said East End of Pall Mali, from the Hay market aforesaid to Market Lane, were widened, and a new Street were made and opened from the said Haymarket into Charles Street, Saint James's Square, it would be a very great Convenience and Accommodation, to the Public in general, and more especially to the Nobility, Gentry; and all others, resorting to the said Theatre, by rendering the Access thereto easy and commodious, and would also tend to their Safety, by making the said Theatre more secure from Fire; and"that the widening of Pall , and making the new Street in Manner above-mentioned, would, as the Petitioner conceives, tend very materially to increase the Value of the circumjacent Houses and other Property, the principal Part whereof is the Estate of His Majesty: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening the said Part of Pall Mall, and for making such new Street as aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confidenatiort of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Lewis, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have "Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

utFiJeans Mr. acc°rding to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Rdolution which the Committee had dire<sted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

BUl ^Uer Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

The said Rqsolution being read a Second Time, was, tipon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor of

the Exchequer, Mr. John ‘Thomas Townshend Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Irving (Inspec-from Africa^ or General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) in the West attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, fented prC" presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Art Account of the Ships that have arrived from the Coast of Africa in any of the British West India Islands, between the Period of January 5th, 1796, and January 5th, 1797, with the Amount of the Tonnage, and the Number of Mariners navigating the said Ships; as also the Number of the Slaves shipped on board each Ship on the Coast of Africa; with the Account of those who arrived in any of the said Islands. '

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the' Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Vol. 54.

'uarlu 269

Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons, wv.cfc Names are G thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them', elver, and others, j.1 Trustees for executing an Act passed in the Seventeenth ti< Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane, near Pylon Lane , and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Roau near Dilfton Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and also the Road from Mickley Bank to Lead or Silver' Hill, and for making a Road cross certain Grounds belonging to Crazier Surtees, Esquire,. in the Parish of Rvtoniin the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have made great Progress in repairing and improving the said Roads; and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon, which, together with the said Tolls; has been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the said Money.so borrowed, and which is Hill due, cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly and effectually improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and feme of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered; and that the Road leading from or out of the said Turnpike Road at Swalwell, in the County of Durham a'foresaid, through Swalwell, and so along Market Lane to the Team Works, and from thence to Adam' Askew Esquire's. Road, and then along the same into the said Turnpike Road at Windmill Hills, near Gatcjlead aforesaid, is a short and convenient Line of Road from Swalwell to Gaiefheadaforesaid, and it would greatly facilitate the Communication of that Part of the Country, and be of great Public Utility, if the same were made Turnpike, and included in the same Act with, and put under the Care and Management of, the same Trustees as the said first-mentioned Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Buxton, See.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William WThomas Morris,

Ham Jones, and James Jones, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to enable Sir Cleave More, the then Proprietor of certain Springs of Water in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to supply the Town of Liverpool with Water; and that the beneficial Purpose of the said Act has hitherto been frustrated, and cannot be carried into Execution, unless the said Act be amended, altered, and rendered more effectual, or new and more extensive Powers be granted for that Purpose; and that the Inhabitants of the Town, as well as the Seamen in the Pojjt of Liverpool, are at present subject to great Inconvenience and Expence by the Want of sufficient Supply of wholesome Fresh Water, and the Springs of Bootle aforesaid would afford a very desirable Supply of pure and wholesome Water for the said Town and Port; and that the Petitioners are the Proprietors of, or interested

3 H in.

:.n3 ond: red-

Liverpool Water Petition.

Bill to amend the Income Duty Ait, committed.

Marindin

lwom.

Petition to amend Stratford upon Avon Canal Act.

210

s'3° — 250

A, 1799 *

in, the said Water Springs, and they are delirous, at their own Expence, of conveying the same into, and through, the several Streets of the said Town, for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, and the Ships and other Vessels frequenting the said Port, which will be of great Con vemence to the Public! And therefore praying, That Leave may ne given to bring in a Bill for enabling them to effect the ueneficial Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rest rid ions, as to the House shall feejn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, a£ it shall appear to them; to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Mr.

Bur don, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill for extending the Time for returning Assessments under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties " imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual " Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain " Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2 50 die;

Anno 39 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

PR AVERS.

c±OHNPhilip Marindin took the Oaths appointed, J in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the and

Birmingham Canal Navigation, in the Parish of norton, into the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, and also certain collateral Cuts from the said Canal, and, by another Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners arc authorized to make a Navigable Cut from and out of the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, to join and communicate with the Warwick and Birmingham Canal in the Manor of King's-wood, in the Parish of Rowing-ton, in the County of Warwick; and that it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, that certain Parts of the Canal and Cut which the Petitioners are authorized to make, may be varied and altered in Manner herein after mentioned (that is to say) in and from a Close of Land in the Parish of Lapworth, in the County of Warwick, belonging to the Trustees for the Poor of Lap-worth, now in the Occupation of Joseph Hobdy, at or near a Lane called Coppice Lane, through certain other 8 '

Lands in the said Parish o f , Lapworth, to a Brook in the Manor of King' s-wood, and in the Pariftics of

and Rowington, there to communicate with a Part of the said Navigable Cut, which the Petitioners are authorized to make under the said Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His said Majesty, and also in and from a Close of Land, situate in the said Parish of Lapworth, belonging to Benjamin Hildick, now in the Occupation of Francis Featherstone, through certain other Lands in the several Parishes of Lapworth, Rowington, Claverdon, and Prefon-Bagot, in the said County of into a

certain Close of Land in the said Parish of Prefon-Bagot, belonging to William Mills, Esquire, in the Occupation of John Moore, there to join and communicate with a certain oilier Part of the said Canal, authorized to be made by the said first-mentioned Act, and also to make a certain other Variation from the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by the said first-mentioned Act, beginning in a certain Piece of Land in the Parish of Wooton Wazven, in the said County of belonging to Sir Edward Smythe, Baronet, now in the Occupation of Thomas Ward, through certain other Lands in the several Parishes of Wooton Wazven aforesaid, Bearley, and AJfon Qantloe, in the said County of Warwick, into a certain Close of Land, in the said Parish of Afon Cantloe, belonging to the Earl of Abergavenny, in the Occupation of Edward Elkin, there to join and communicate with a certain other Part of the said Canal authorized to be made by the said first-mentioned Act; and also to make a certain other Variation from the Line of the Canal authorizedto be made by the first-mentioned Act, from a certain Close of Land, in Stratford upon Avon, in the said County of Warwick, belonging to Thomas Mason, Esquire, in the Occupation of John Taylor, through certain other Lands in Stratford upon Avon aforesaid, into a Piece of Waste Land there called the Bank Croft; and that the Canal and Cut so altered and varied, will be executed with much less Expence, and in a more convenient and advantageous Manner for the Public-, than the Canal and Cut. authorized to be-made under the said recited Acts, and which, as the Petitioners apprehend, will be of great Public Utility; and that the Petitioners are proceeding in the Execution of the said Canal and Works, and have already completed a considerable Part thereof; and, in order to enable them to finifti the same, it is necessary that further Powers should be obtained for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Acts, and to authorize and empower the Petitioners to make such Variations and Alterations of and from the Line of the said Canal and Cut as hereinbefore-mentioned, and to authe -rize and empower the Petitioners to raise such Sum of Money as, with the Money raised, or to be raised,- by the said recited Acts, will be sufficient for finishing the said Canal and Cut, and the several Works thereto respectively belonging, and other the Purposes of the said Acts, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is. referred to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and , have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are siur-bourne thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates within Inclosure Pe~ the Parish of Sherbourne, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, which, in their present State, are not

capable

39 Geo. III. 250 F 211

capable of being cultivated to the bcfl Advantage, but the said Canal Navigation, and it is necessary also to the same might be greatly improved if divided, allotted, make Side Cuts and Railways for more conveniently and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may using, maintaining, and extending, the said Canal Na-be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, vigation, and also to amend the Powers of the- said and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds, in such Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regula- to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi tions, as to the House shall seem meet. gable Cut or Canal communicating with the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Jhirc and Canal, at or near Radford Bridge,

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir to, or near to, the Town of Stafford, and for other the

John Mor daunt and Sir George AuguJJus William Shuc- Purposes of this Petition, in such Manner as to the burgh Evelyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame. House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the petition from A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex continue 'the the City of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Scotch Small and read; Setting forth. That the Act, passed in the shall appear to them, to the House:

Note Aa. Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. &c.:

jesty, intituled, "An Act t<J allow the Banks, and cer- And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine tain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Bri- of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have " tain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

" certain Amount, for a limited Time, and for indem-

" nifying all Persons who have issued Notes for small A Petition of the Persons, whose Names arc thereunto Sums of Money in that Part of the United King- subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

" dom," and continued by several Acts, the last of Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and several other which passed upon the 4th Day of January, in this pre- Persons, are the Proprietors of certain Marsh and Low sent Year, has been found, by Experience, to have af- Lands, commonly called The Muff and Drys.des, in the forded great Benefit and Convenience to the Trade and Parishes of Saint Mary and

Manufactures of that Part of the Country; and that drew, in the County of Cambridge, and Stanground in the last mentioned Act expires on the 25th Day of the the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, or in some ensuing Month of March, and if not renewed for a or one of the said Parishes, which are subject to be farther limited Time, the Petitioners have Reason to overflowed or otherwise annoyed with Water, for Want apprehend that the Merchants, Manufacturers, and of a proper Embankment and Drainage, and by those other Traders, in the City of Aberdeen, and its Neigh- Means rendered, in a considerable Degree, unprofitable bourhood, will be subjected to much Inconvenience to the Petitioners and the other Proprietors: And therefrom the present Scarcity, and general bad Quality, of fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Specie, particularly of Silver, in that Part of the United Bill for embanking, draining, improving, and preserving. Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to con- the said Marsh and Low Lands, in such Manner, and tinue the Act before recited, for such limited Time, under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem after the said 25th Day of March, and under such Re- meet.

gulations, as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Ordered, That the said Petitidh- do lie upon the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Table. amine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it

_ shall appear to them, to the House:

Audn's Nat. Mr . John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Charles Bill, reported, the Bill for naturalizing Justin Eliza Cefar Audra, was ' &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at committed; That the Committee had examined the Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, and that the Committee had directed him to report the

Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he A Bill for naturalizing John Philip Marindin, was read delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt,

Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet Petition to a- A Petition, of the Company of Proprietors of the this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the‘Speaker's fordfidre ^and Staffordfiire and Worceferfdre Canal Navigation, under Chamber.

Worcester- their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and

shire Canal read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceed- A Petition of several of the TrulWs for putting in Aft‘ ed to execute Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, Viden-and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the ing, altering, diverting, and turning, the Road from River Severn, between Bewdley and Titton Brooke, in the Green, near in the County of Lan-

County of Worcester, to crols the River Trent, at or near caster, to the new Bridge at the Corn Mills at Haywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to com- in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, municate with a Canal intended to be made between and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have pro-the River Trent and the River Mersey; and that it ap- ceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have pears, from Surveys since taken, that a Navigable Cut borrowed considerable Sums on the Credit of the Tolls or Canal, for Boats and other Vessels, may be made thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have and extended from the Staffordfiire and Worceferfdre been duly applied, but the same are insufficient to keep Canal Navigation, from or near a Place called Radford the said Road in Repair, which is in a ruinous Condi- Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to or near the County tion, and in many Places incommodious to' Travellers, Town of Stafford; and that, by Means of such Cut or and a large Sum of Money is necessary to be expended Canal, the said Town of Stafford and its Neighbour- for putting the said Roads into proper Repair, and the hood will be more regularly, and on lower Terms, sup- same cannbt be borrowed without some additional Secu-plied with Coal and Merchandize than at present; and rity by advancing the Tolls, nor be repaid, and the said that it is found necessary, to give a better Supply of Road properly amended and kept in Repair, unlel's the Water to the said Staffordfiire and Worcefershire Canal Term of the said Act be enlarged, and further and other Navigation, to make one or more Reservoirs, with Cuts Powers granted; and that it would be greatly for the to convey the said Water from the said Reservoirs into Convenience of the Public, if a new Branch of Road Vol. 54. was

Whittlesea, &c. Embank ment and Dr;linage Petition.

Marindin's Nat. Bill, committed.

Ardwick Green and Wilmslow Roads Petition.

212

2 50 Febmarii. 'A. 1799.

Was tnacie from and out of the said Turnpike Road, at or hear the Bridge at Cornbrook, to Oxford Sired and Manchester, and to be kept in Repair, and included in the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne of Mr.

Stanley, Sac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nino of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and' have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

M trgnte Pier Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to

Bill, reported. w}10m tpe ftjn to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Pier of Margate, in the I fie of Thane in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

' and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the - Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Foch-fter and Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to

, MdP°tV whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names reported ,on' are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing several Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Roc heft er, to Maidfone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had beet) complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 1 able: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers " of Three Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the " Road leading from the House called The Sign of the " Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in " to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of KentAnd that Sir William Geary and Mr. Blackburneof Lancashire, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Ajiley reported from the Committee, to whom Rackheath _ the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com- reported! mons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rack-heath, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- ' ing Orders of the House, relative to Bilk of Inclosure, had been complied with, according to the Leave granted by the House on the 2d Day of January last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of . the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which th, ey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Pierre Jacques Pa-. Pierre Papll-pillon and Pierre Francois Papillon, was read the Third Time. ,p e.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Pierre Jacques and Pierre Frangois Papillon.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Godfrey Bitterman, Bitterman -was read the Third Time. x Nat.Bili, pass-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Godfrey Bitterman.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Salomon Lange, was Lange's Nat.. read the Third Time. bji, passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Salomon Lange.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts. were read: And,

Mr. George Burr, being examined, said, That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have made considerable Progress in repairing and improving the said Road, and, for that Purpose, have borrowed a. considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road, which Money, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; that the said Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Road properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, andlome of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for cohtinuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Christian John Adam Witke's Nat. Wilke, was read the Third Time. BU1»

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Christian John Adam Witke.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the j^btoi^Peti-Common Gaol of the County of Pembroke, was pre- tion. fented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Humberson Cawley, of Gwerfyllt Wrexham Park, in the County of Denbigh, was presented to the P,t,r House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much

of

59 G£o. III. $5° Februari 213

of an Act, made in the 'thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and t keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of

ham, in the County of , to Ventre Bridge, in the County of Flint; and from the Town of Mold to Nor-thop, Holywell, and Rhud in the same County, and from thence to the Ferry House opposite the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold, as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint; and that the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and for that Purpose have borrowed of the Petitioners several considerable Sums of Money, amounting to the Sum of ^.569. or. 4! and granted

to the Petitioner, as a Security for the fame. Mortgages on the Tolls; and that the Whole of the said Sum being Hill owing to the Petitioner, and the Term of the said Act being near expiring, the said Money cannot be re paid to the Petitioner, nor, as he apprehends, can the said Road be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act. are continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem rrieet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bryan Cooke, Mr. Simeon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whitehaven A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Harbour Peti- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the Le" other Trustees of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Acts have been paired concerning the said Harbour, and various Doubts have arisen relative to the Construction thereof, in many Respects: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, alter, and enlarge, the Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner a ‘ the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowther, Sir William Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to- fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vr. Dalton A Petition of Henry Dalton, of Knaith, in the County thfa'°n ai Lincoln, Esquire, was presented to the House, and rtOTpefndo. read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the fore, See. Act. Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common in the Township of in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the lame, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish; and that, by the said Act, Power was given to the Proprietors, being Tenants for Life, or in Tail, to charge the Lands, which should be assigned and allotted to them respectively, with any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings per Acre, as well as for every Acre of old Inclosure within the said Township, to be applied for the Purposes of the said Act; and it was by the said Act directed, that for draining, preserving, and effectually securing from Floods, and taking in the Tides, and for warping and otherwise improving such of the Open Fields, Common, and Inclosed Lands, within the said Township, as did then belong, or should be allotted, to the Petitioner, the Vo i». 54.

Commissioners, in the said Act named, should set out Two or more Cloughs, or Sluices, in the Bank called The Trent Bank, and make sufficient Cuts and Drains through the said Open Fields, Common, and Inclosed Lands, Or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of draining, warping, and improving the same, and also sufficient Banks for the Purpose of keeping out the Floods, and which said Cloughs, Sluices, Drains, and Banks, were directed to be nude, and for ever kept in Repair, by the Petitioner, his Heirs, and Assigns; and that the Petitioner being Tenant for Life, or in Tail, of by much the largest Part of the Lands and Grounds within the said Township, hath, in pursuance of the Power to him given by the said Act, borrowed, and charged upon hi laid Property, the Sum of Forty Shillings per Acre, and the Money thereby raised, together with a large Sum of Money in Addition thereto, hath been expended'in the Progress already made in executing the said Works, and much more mull necessarily be expehded therein before they can be completed, so as to answer the Purposes fot . which they are intended, but which, when finished, will most materially and permanently improve the Estate, and increase the Annual Value thereof very considerably, whereby the Inheritance will be benefited in a greater Degree than the Petitioner: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to borrow, and charge on the Lands and Grounds in the said Township of Althorpe, of which he is Tenant for Life, or in Tail, such further Sums of Money as may be necessary for reimbursing him the extra Expences incurred as aforesaid, and for completing the said several Works, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Ofdersr and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Sewell, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of,

the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gfimjby Haven Company, was pre- Grim&y Ha-fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an ,#n Pemiw Act was passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, whereby the Petitioners are incorporated, and enabled to raise among themselves, for executing the said Act; the Sum of £. 20,000, and, in case that Sum should prove insufficient, they are also empowered to raise a further Sum of £. io,o0o; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have already expended nearly the Whole of the Money they were 10 authorized to raise by the said Act, and, to enable them to finish the said Works, or so much thereof as shall be thought necessary, and discharge the Debts incurred, and Arrears of Interest due on Money advanced, it is requisite that they should be enabled to raise a further Sum of Money than by the said Act they are empowered to do; and that, by the said Act, the Petitioners are restrained from making any greater Distribution of Profits amongst themselves than £> to per Centum on the Money raised, and are required to reduce the said Tolls and Duties when they in any One Year, after paying all the Expences of executing the said Act, and making such Dividend of 10 per Centum, shall exceed ..certain Sums in the same Act mentioned; and it is expedient that the said Restriction, and also so much of the said Act as requires the Tolls to be lowered in the same above-mentioned, should be repealed; and that some of the said Tolls or Duties are very unequally imposed, and require to be fixed in a more fair and equitable Proportion, and others are too low, inadequate, and inconsiderable, and, on Account of the

3 I additjqnaJt

petition to amend Leith Harbour Act.

T.rint warding $c. Inclosure jBiil, reported.

214

25' Februarii. A. 1799 *

additional Money which it is become nfeceflary to raise, in order to complete and support the Works of the said Undertaking, require, and ought to be augmented and enlarged, and the said Act also, in several other Respects, requires Amendment and Alteration: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Fyner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and On Behalf of the said City, was presented to the House; and read.; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks, for building Warehouses, for making new Roads, and widening Others, leading to and from the said Harbour, Power was given to the Petitioners to levy and collect the "several Rates and Duties therein mentioned, on all Ships and Vessels brought into, or using, the said Bason and Dock to be made at the Port of Leith, His Majesty's Ships of War and Yachts only excepted, and Power was also given to borrow a Sum of Money not exceeding £. 30,00b; and that the Petitioners have, at a considerable Expence, opened a new Street to the Harbour, repaired the Quays, and erected a Draw Bridge across the Harbour, between South and North Leith, instead of 00 otd Bridge, now taken away, and have deepened the Harbour, and rebuilt a great Part of the Quay; and that, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to amend the aforesaid Act, the Petitioners were authorized, so soon as the Wet Dock should be completed, to levy certain Rates and Duties therein mentioned, and Power Was also given to borrow any Sum of Money not exceeding £.40,000, and the Petitioners have, at a^considerable Expence, employed an able Engineer to fix upon the most proper Place for making the said Wet Dock and Bason, who has surveyed the Whole Grounds, cored for Foundations, and made out a Plan and Efti-rnate of the Expence far exceeding the aforesaid £.40,000; and that^by the Plan thought most corrimo-dious, it will be necessary to purchase certain Lands and Houses, artd to obtain Power for so doing; and it will be necessary also to vary the Rates and Duties made payable by the last mentioned Act, and the Commencement of Payment and Application thereof, and also to authorize the Petitioners to borrow a further Sum of Money: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. William Dundai, Mr. Fer-gufon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Biddulph reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Waste Lands, and Open and Common Fields, within the Parishes of Leintwardme, Barrington, Dow, and Elton, in

the County of Hereford, was committed ;That the Com-1

mittee had examined; and found that the Standing

Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that, the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates of the Yearly Rent of £.71. 51. who could not be met with j and that the whole Property, belonging to Persons intereded in the Indolure, is of the Yearly Rent of £.5,171. 5 r.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to'of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to repprt to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Lawton and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Wenihajr Execution Three several Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish. of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to

Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County, was presented to the House, and readSetting forth, That great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls now remains due, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are continued and enlarged: And therefor praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. IVilbr Bootle, Lord. Viscount Be/grave, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;' and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the petition for Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Naviga- ascertaining tion of the River Dpe, was presented to the House, and ^.of Land, read; Setting forth. That, by an Act made in the Sixth belonging to Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the cojmMmy.0-‘ Second, for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Na-

thaniel Kinderley, Gentleman, and such other Persons as he should nominate, were, by the said Act, appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation; and for the better enabling them to make and keep the said River navigable^ the Sand, Soil, Ground, Marsh, and Salt Grass, in the said Act 'mentioned, were, from and after such Time as the said River should be made navigable, vested in the said Nathaniel Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, and that it should be lawful for them to defend, inclose, and improve, the White Sands, Soil, and Ground, ' and to take the Rents and Profits thereof to and for their own Use; and that another Act was made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for incorporating the said Undertakers upon the Terms and Conditions therein mentioned; and, by another Act

made7

Manthorpe and Little Gonerby Inclosure Petition.

Churthft.nn-ton Inclosure Petition.

39'Geo. HI. . 25° Febrttafii.

made in the Seventeenth Year of his said late Majesty's only be of great Advantage to all Persons interested

Reign, the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Under- therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, but of

takers were repealed, and new Rates granted in lieu Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may

thereof; and that, by another Act made in the Twenty be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and

sixth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, for con- inclosing, the said Commons, or Waste Lands, and

firming an Agreement entered into between the said Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations,

Undertakers, and Sir "John Glynne, Baronet, Lord of the as to the House shall seem meet.

Manor of Hawarden, and several Freeholders and Occu- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

piers of Land within the said Manor, and for explaining suant to the Prayer of the said Petition s And that Mr.

and amending the said Acts for recovering and preserv-- MorlandMr. , and Mr. , do prepare,

ing the Navigation of the River Dee, the said Articles of and bring in, the fame.

Agreement were confirmed, and further Powers and ' ,

Authorities were given to the Petitioners; and that the A Petition of the Reverend Andrew Arthur leigh Inclo-

Boundaries of the said Lands, vested in the Petitioners Cofens, Esquire, Thomas , Gentleman, and the sure p,titio,u by virtue of the said Acts, some or one of them, upon or several other Persons whose Names are thereunto fub adjoining to the Eallern Shore of the said River Dee, are feribed. Proprietors of Lands within or near the Tything uncertain, and, in consequence thereof, varitfts Disputes of Leigh, in the County of Dorset, was presented to tho have arisen, and many Suits have been commenced, and House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within large Sums of Money, expended in the Prosecution or near the said Tything, a certain Tract or Piece of thereof, without having had the Effect of ascertaining Commonable Land, called Leigh Common, containing, the Limits of the Boundaries of the said Lands, and, if by Estimation, 500 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its these Questions are not settled, the Progress of the present open and uncultivated State, is capable of no Petitioners will be impeded, and great Loss thereby Improvement, and it would be very beneficial to the accrue both to the Petitioners and the Public; and that Public, and to the Persons interested therein, if the same the most effectual and equitable Mode of setting out was divided, set out, allotted, and inclosed in specific and afeertairting the said Boundaries, will be, by the Ap- Shares, amongst the several Proprietors of Lands, hav-pointment of Commissioners for that. Purpose by Au- ing Rights of Common, or other Rights, thereon: And thority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such settling and ascertaining the Boundaries of the Peti- Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall tioners said Lands, by appointing proper Persons to be seem meet,

Commissioners for that Purpose, or in such other Way Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-or Manner as the House shall think fit. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Francis John Browne and Mr. Morton Pitt do prepare, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- and bring in, the fame, amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

dhall appear to them, to the House: A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are RibhcsnMa.

And it is referred to Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, Mr^ thereunto subscribed, oh Behalf of themselves and Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- others, Manufacturers, Undertakers of Work, and Arti- eUUon ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber 1 zans, engaged in the Ribbon Manufactory, in the and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- County of , and in the City and County of

Cords. Coventry, and elsewhere, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and all.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are other Persons engaged or employed in the Ribbon Ma-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and nufaftory, have for some Time pall laboured under others, Owners of Lands inThe Open and Common Difficulties, and suffered many Inconveniences, in car-Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands and rving on the said Manufactory, owing to there being no Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Manthorpe and Power of properly fixing, settling, and regulating, the Little Gonerby, in the County of Lincoln, or within the Wages, Pay, and Price of Labour, of the Journeymen Boundaries of the said Manor, was presented to the and Work People employed therein; and that it would House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the be a great Convenience and Advantage to all Parties Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Mea- concerned, and, as the Petitioners conceive, an Encou-dows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste ragement to the Manufactory, if the Wages, Pay, and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their Price of Labour, as aforesaid, were properly regulated present open State, are incapable of Improvement; but, and settled: And therefore praying, That Leave may if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purpose great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners and aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and othersvinterested therein: And therefore praying. That Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Mea- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex<» dows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. shall appear to them, to the House:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce Bird, Sir John pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mordaunt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Sir. John Sinclair and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare. Morning,- at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's and bring in, the fame. Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others A Petition of the several Perfoife, whose Names are King's Brom-

respectively entitled to Rights of Common on certain thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Jey inclosure Commons, or Waste Lands, and Grounds^ within the others, having Right of Common on the Commons or et,t,on Parish of Churchjlaunton, in the County of 'Devon, was Waste Grounds within, or belonging to, the Parish or

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Manor of King's Bromley, in the county of;

there are certain Commons, or Waste Lands, and and also being Proprietors of, or having Rights in.

Grounds, within the said Parish, containing together, by certain Open Meadows or Lands, within the Parish or Estimation, 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and it will pot Manor of King's Bromley aforesaid, was presented to the

Vol. ,54. , House,

fii 6

25 Febrtiarii. 1799.

House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within or belonging to the said Parish or Manor, certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Bromley Common and Alrnoas Hay, and other Parcels of Common or Waste Grolind, Containing, by Estimation, 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts j and there are also certain Open Mea- dows or Lands, commonly called The Broad

or Big "town Meadow, The Little Meadow, or Little Town Meadow, Middleley, or Midley Meadozv, Upper Saddlefall Meadow, and Lower Saddlefall Meadow, containing together about 120 Acres; and it would be advantageous to all Persons interested, and beneficial to the Public, if the said several Lands and Grounds were divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting; and inclosing, the said Commons or Waste Grounds, and the said Open Meadows or. Lands, under such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. BramJhn and Sir Edward Littleton do-prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition to A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Fonhand Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to the House, ClydeNaviga- and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the tion Act . Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Frith, or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Canon, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith, or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the Port and Harbour - of Bonowfiownness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will foil into the Frith of Forth, the Petitioners were incorporated, for making and completing the said Canal under certain Orders and Regulations, and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned; and which Act was further explained, enlarged, and amended, by several subsequent Acts; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable. His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act, the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were, out of the Monies therein mentioned,

authorized to pay to the Petitioners the Sum of jf. 50,000 Sterling towards completing the said Navigation and other Works, subject to certain Conditions and Provisions in the said Act contained; and that the Petitioners have received the said Sum of £. 50,000, and have now completed the Navigation and other necessary Works; but Doubts have arisen as to the Mode of explaining and reconciling the before recited Acts, which, in some Instances, appear contradictory, in so far as regards the Capital Stock of the Company, and the Manner of ascertaining the Amount of the fame, and of the Dividends to be payable thereon; and fur ther. and other Powers are necessary to ehable the Petitioners to conduct and manage their Affairs: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, altering, enlarging, and -in Part repealing the before recited Acts, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. McDowa Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. '

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Glasgow Tw Town Council, of the City of Glasgow, for themselves, pennies Scotland on Behalf of the Comnitinity of the said City, was eUtKm presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Two several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland,

?affect in the Years 1693 a°d 1705> a Duty of Two 'ennies Scots (or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling) for the Term of Years therein respectively mentioned, was granted ori every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer which should be brewed, inbrought, Vended, tapped, and fold, within the City of Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City; and that, by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, passed in the First Year of King George the First, the said Duties were continued to the id Day of N 1738, and by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were further continued for the Term of Twenty-five Years, and extended over the Village of Gorbals, which last Act was, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty, continued for the further Term of Thirty-eight Years, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that large Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Revenue of the said City by the Petitioners, and their Predecessors in Office, which have been laid out on sundry useful Public Works, and in beautifying and enlarging the said City, and for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants, who have of late Years greatly increased in Numbers, which Sums cannot be repaid within the Term given by the last recited Act, now near expiring (the other Branches of the Revenue of the said City being inadequate to its Annual necessary Expenditure) unless the said Act is further continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing, the before recited Acts, for such Time, and on such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to th£

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

' And it is referred to Mr. McDowall, Sir George Douglas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Clumber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Bailies and Trustees of the Towns Port Glasgow of Port Glasgow and Newark, in the County of Ren- xwoPemtie frew. North Britain, was presented to the House, and Scot Petition, read; Setting forth, That by Two Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Years 1693 a°d 1705» a Duty of Two Pennies Scots (ot. One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling) was granted on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer which should be brewed, inbrought, vended, tapped, and fold, within the City of Glasgow, and Pri vileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City;.and that, by an Act of the Parliament of Great,

passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, the said Duties were continued till the lft Day of November 1738; and, by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were continued for the farther Term of Twenty-five Years, and extended over the Villages of Gorbals and Port Glasgow; and that, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, the said Duties were farther continued for the Term of Thirty-eight Years; and, by an Act of the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, the said Duties were.,extended

39 Geo. III.

tended over the Town of Newark, lying contiguous to the said Town of Port and the said Towns of

Port Glasgow and Newark were, by that Act, united and erected into a Body Politic and Corporate, under the Government of a Magistracy and Council, denominated Bailies and Trustees, and the said Duties transferred from the said Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, and vetted in the Bailies and Trustees of the said Towns of Port Glasgozv and for Behoof of the Community thereof, for defraying the Expence of Ministers Stipends, Schoolmasters Salaries, repairing and preserving the Streets and Cause-ways of the said Towns, lighting, paving, and watching the fame, for erecting Markets, and for other Public Works; and that a very great'Proportion of the Revenue, provided for these Purposes, arises from that Duty, and the Grant of the said Duty will expire at the End of the next Session of Parliament, which will bccur after the ift Day of 1801, and there

will then be no sufficient and adequate Public Revenue for defraying ihe aforesaid necessary Public Expences, unless the said Duty be continued for a farther Time: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and continuing, the said Acts of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as extends to the said Towns of Port Glasgozv and Nezvark, and Privileges thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. William Dun-

das, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition of_ A Petition of Licertfed Dealers in Home-made Spi-tHlmLnSot- rits n the Lowlands of Scotland, was presented to the land. House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and

Prayer with the several Petitions, which were presented to the House upon the 18th Day of this Instant February, from other Licensed Dealers in Home-made Spirits, in the Lowlands of Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Short $, Glas- A Petition of the Trustees on the Shut Is Turnpike itods^Peti- Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting tion. forth. That an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Yeas

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering and enlarging the Powers of an A(ft, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from by the Kirk of

Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Thieves Ford, and for opening and making certain Streets in or near the City of Glasgow, for altering a Part of the High Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgozv, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of the Shotts Hills, 2nd another Line by the South, and for (freighting and making the Roads more convenient, as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde below the present old Bridge, called Bothwell Bridge, as also for altering the Road from the Town of Hamilton, Eastward, until it joins the great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow; and, in consequence of carrying, on and executing the Improvements and Alterations specified therein, the Trustees have already found themselves involved in a very considerable Expence, although the proposed Alterations have not yet been fully completed; and that, from the very great Increase of late Years of the Trade and Manufactures of the City of Glasgow, the Number of heavy Carriages going to and - VOL.. 54.

217

from the City is greatly augmented, whereby the lowgate Street is much encumbered, and the Roads leading to the said City are much more expensive to keep in Repair than formerly, particularly as a great Part of these Carriages are drawn upon.narrow Wheels, the FelKes of which are not more than Three Inches broad; and that it would tend to augment the Funds of the Petitioners, and enable them to extinguish the Debt already incurred, and more fully to repair, maintain, and improve, the Roads under their Management, that so much of the Act before recited should be repealed, in so far as the same provides an Exemption from Tolls for certain Articles therein specified, and allows heavy Carries on narrow Wheels to pass at a low Rate; and it Will also be of Public Utility to the City of Glasgow, and the Country adjacent, if another. Avenue was made into the said City by Duke's Street, from the Road leading from Glasgow to Edinburgh, through the Barony Parish, and if the Glebe belonging to that Benefice was allowed to be converted into Building Ground, and Streets and Passages opened through the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, en- ' larging the Powers of, and explaining and amending, the before recited Acts of the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Corrimittee: And that they do exa -mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House-:

And it is referred to Mr. McDowall, Mr. William Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Pate Nevile, of Badsworth Hall, in the County of York, Esquire, and of the several other MllIsPcUUoa' Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants and Owners of Dwelling Houses within the Manor of Leeds, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the said John Pate Nevile is the Owner of certain Water Corn Mills, called The King's Mills, situate in the said Manor of Leeds, and as such claims to be entitled to the Grinding at such Mills of the Corn, Grain, and Malt, of the Tenants, Rcfiants, and Inhabitants, of and within the said Manor,-by them used and spent ground in their respective Dwelling Houses Within the said Manor, and to have a certain Toll or Mulfture for the Grinding thereof; and that several Suits and Disputes have been had, and are now depending, touching the Extent of the Right lb claimed, by the said John Pate Nevile, and it would be greatly for the Benefit and Advantage of the said John Pate Nevile, and of the Inhabitants of the said Manor, that an End should be put to the said Suits and Disputes, and that the said Inhabitants should x be freed from the Obligation of grinding their said Corn, Grain, and Malt, at the said Mills, and paying Mulfture for the same as aforesaid, and the said John Pate Nevile is willing and desirous to release them therefrom, on being paid a reasonable Sum of Money as a Compensation for the Loss or Detriment which will be occasioned to the said Mills thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eflefting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

- And it is referred to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

3K f APe-

25° Febru.

2i8 ac Februarii.A. 1799.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the CaiKi'moads Canal Navigation from Leeds to , was pre-

PrtitiDo. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are empowered, by various Acts, passed during the Reign of His present Majesty, to make; complete, and maintain a Navigable Cut or Canal from or near Leeds Bridge, in the Town of ,to or near a certain Place called The North Lady's; in the Town or Port of Liverpool, and they have made a considerable Part of such Canal, which hath been carried unavoidably across different Common Highways, and other Ways and Roads; and that, in and by the said Acts, some or one of them, the Petitioners are required to build Bridges in the Line of the said Highways and other Roads, which cannot be done in some Places lb as to afford a convenient Passage to the Public, but at a very great Expence to the Petitioners,' if a convenient Passage can be made at all; and that none of the said Acts contain a Power to alter, divert, or flop up such Highways, or other Ways or Roads, and to lay out and make any new or other Ways or Roads in lieu thereof, more advantageous and convenient to the Public, or to the P.ersons having Right of Way on such Roads respectively, or more beneficial or expedient to or for the Purposes of the said Canal, without being detrimental or inconvenient to the Public or such Persons: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, thereby granting unto His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the West Riding of the County of York, and County of Lancaster, respectively, or any Two of them, a Power for the aforesaid Purposes, con-s formably to the Directions and Provisions contained in the General Highway Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, or as nearly thereto as the same will admit of, the Expences of executing such Powers, nevertheless to be borne and paid by the Petitioners; or that the Public and the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall lc em meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, hs it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry , Mr.

' force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Thorp Audliii A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-indoiurefe- unto subscribed, being Owners of ancient Common tinvn. Right Houses, and Frontsteads, and of Lands and

Grounds in the Township of Thorp Audlin, in the Parish of Badsworth, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerab'le . Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioners, and all other ' Persons interested therein, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the some.

Writ minder A Petition of several of the Commissioners appoint-c.niu House C(j t0put in Execution an Act, made in the Eighteenth tniion. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts and ,exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in and other Purposes, was prefenled to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, have not been able, till Very lately, to proceed in the Execution of the said Act, as they could not procure a proper and convenient Piece of Ground on which to erect the Building directed by the said Act; and that the Petitioners have now purchased a Piece of Ground; in every Respect proper for the said Purpose, but find that the Sum, authorized to be raised by the said Act, is not sufficient effectually to carry the same into Execution; and that other and further Powers are necessary for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to brirg in a Bill to amend the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the' Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; a:\d report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Arthur Earl of Wrailttiry Hiljborough, Marquis of Downshire, in the Kingdom of V\c<|"(ure pe Ireland, and the humble Petition of John Simon Esquire, Lord of the Manor and Soil within the Parish of Wyrardisbury, otherwise Wraijl>ury, in the County of

Buckingham, Thomas Williams, Esquire, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within the Parish and Manor of Wyrardisbury, otherwise Wraisbury aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish and Manor, several Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided into specific Shares, according to each Person's Right therein, and inclosed, it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners, and all others interested therein i And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bernard and Mr. Shaw Lefevre do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- Creflage, unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; BrktgVpeti-Setting forth, That the Road leading from Cressage to tkm. Wellington, in the County of Salop, is greatly out of Repair, and requires to be widened and altered in many Places, and the Passage across the River Severn, by a Ford, near Cressage, is only pafiable in Summer, and often then obstructed by Floods, and that a proper Communication by a Bridge, would be a great Convenience to the Country on both Sides of the said River; and also, if a Road was made from the said Bridge, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cund to CreJJage, and another Road from the said Bridge, tOfjoin the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to the Watling Street, near to the Nine Mile Stone: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, altering, extending, and widening, the: said Road, and for building the said Bridge at a convenient Place over the said River.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Pulteney, Sir Rickard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

APe-

Dunkeld and Perth Roads Petition.

Petition to imend Mcffngham, &c. biuolureAft

39 Geo. III.

25" Febrii

219

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Authority was given to make Turnpike the Road from Dunkeld to Perth, and the Road from Perth towards Meck/our, and to build a Bridge over the River; and the Petitioners are, by the said Act, named as Tmltees for carrying the same into Execution } and, in consequence, these Roads have been new made, and put in an excellent State of Repair, a new Bridge has also been built over the River IJla; but, to render the Communication complete, from the Southward to the Northward, it will be necessary to have the Line of Road from Coupar Angus to Dunkeld, by the above Bridge, made Turnpike, and to have an Off-let from the Dunkeld Turnpike Road, by or near to the Boat of

Caputh; and that the said Lines of Road pals a considerable Way through each of the Petitioners Properties, and it has been found from Experience, that the Public Road Services of the Country are altogether inadequate for keeping the present Off-let and Road from Coupar Angus to Dunkeld in proper Repair, and it would tend much to the Accommodation of the Public to have these Roads in good Older, and in a proper Direction: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make the aforesaid Lines of Road Turnpike, and to ere6c Toll Bars, and levy Tolls thereat.

Ordered, That the said Petition'be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ferguson, Mr. M'Dozvall, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Frances Isabella Master, Widow, the Committee of the Estate of William Daiifon, Esquire, a Lunatic, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lunatic is Lord of the Manor of Manton, in the County of L, and is also l'ole Proprietor of the several Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, of the Town or Village of , within the Parish of Manton, and is also the Owner of a Messuage or Cottage, with the Land and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the Township and Parish of MeJJingham, and the Petitioner, as Committee of the said Lunatic, claims to be entitled, in respect of the Property aforesaid, to certain Common Rights within the Commons of MeJJingham; and that, it being in the Contemplation of the Inhabitants of MeJJingham aforesaid, to apply to Parliament for an Act to divide and inclose the several Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadow's, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other un-incloied Lands and Grounds, within the Township of

MeJJingham, and that Part of the Hamlet of East Butterwick which lies in the Parish of MeJJingham, in the County of Lincoln, and a Consent Bill having been prepared for that Purpose, the Petitioner was applied to, as Committee of the Estate of the said Lunatic, to sign the fame, but, inasmuch as it was incompetent to her to give any such Consent, on the Part of the said Lunatic, without the Direction of the Lord Chancellor, she made Application to his Lordship on the Subject, who, having cauled all proper Enquiries to be made relative thereto, made an Order thereupon, in pursuance of which the Petitioner signed her Consent to the said Bill passing into a Law, but under an express Reservation and Condition, that such Consent should not prejudice her Claim to participate in the said intended inclosure, in respect of the Lunatic's said Property at Manton, and, as the Agent employed to solicit the said Act, on the Part of the Inhabitants of MeJJingham, was not authorized to admit the said Claim, he coiffentod and Vo 1. 54.

agreed, that the same should be reserved for future lnveftigation; and that the said' Bill was passed, and intituled, "An Act for dividing, inclosing, allotting, and " improving, the several Open and Common Fields, ings,

" Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and " other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the " Township oi MeJJingham, and that Part of the Hamlet

" of East Butterwick in the Parish of MeJJingham, in the " County of Lincolnand the Commissuners appointed by the said Act, having proceeded to put the same in Execution, and having appointed a Time for delivering in the Claims of Persons intereded in the said intended inclosure, the Petitioner caused a Claim to be made, on tae Part of the said Lunatic, in respect of the said Property at Manton, but, when the said Commissioners proceeded to take tlip said Claim into Consideration, it was discovered, that, although the said Act contained a Clause for the Purpose of permitting them to confide all Claims whatever, that might come before them, ftiil yet, by the Allotment Clause, contained in the same Act, they were directed to divide and allot the -Whole of the Commons amongst the Inhabitants of the Township of MeJJingham, and that Part of the Hamlet of East Rutter rack which lies within the Parish of MeJJingham exclusively, notwithstanding which, however, the inhabitants, considering that the said Allotment Clause had undesignedly excluded the Petitioner from deriving any Benefit under her said Claim, agreed that, in case the same should be established, a proportionate Share of the said intended inclosure should be allotted to the Petitioner, as Committee of the said Lunatic, in respect thereof; and that the Petitioner's said Claim is now in a Course of lnveftigation, and will be tried in the Form of an Issueat the approaching Lent Assizes, to be held for the County of Lincoln, by an Agreement for that Purpose, entered into between the Petitioner and the said Inhabitants; and the Petitioner is advised, and conceives that, in case the said Claim should be established, it will nevertheless be incompetent to the Commissioners, appointed by the said Act, legally to make any Allotment to the Petitioner, as Committee of the said Lunatic, in respect of his Property in Manton; and that the Inhabitants arc desirous, that the said inclosure should be carried into Effect immediately after the Determination of the said Trial, and it would be highly injurious to all Persons interested in the said inclosure, if the same should be delayed till next Year, which will inevitably be the Cafe, if it does not now take place: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, fb far as the same relates to the said Claim of the Petitioner, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall !eem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Simeon, Sir. William , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mr. Montgomery reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Heretors, Farmers, Traders, and others, interested in the Road and Bridges thereafter-mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and - Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Whitebun *

and JCelfo Road Petition. reported.

Weyhill Road Petition, reported.

Tuxford fuel ofure Petition.

236 250 Februarii . 1799.

James Waldie, being examined, said, That the Road Shaw Lefevre and Mr. Pierrepont do prepare, and bring leading from the Greenlaiv Turnpike Road, at or near a in, the fame.

Place called Whiteburn, in the Parish of Westruther, and

leading by or near Slackbridge, by Gordon and Greenknow, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Trowbridge and the East Side of Millerjlain by Nett thorn, and from thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Exe- ping p«i, thence to Kelso, is in very bad Repair and in the cution Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-fifth tioa.. Winter Season almost impafiable for Wheel Carriages; Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the and that it would be a great Bertefit to the Public, and Second, for repairing the Road leading from The Green to Travellers, if the said Road was altered, widened, or Matt, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of straitened, and the Steeps or Pulls thereon made more through ‘Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in easy and commodious, and put into a proper State of the Parish of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from Repair, and the necessary Bridges thereon built or re- thence, by Road Church, to Beckington, in the County paired, foas to complete the same. of Somerset, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term making and maintaining the Road from or near White- and Powers of the said Act, and for repealing so much burn, in the County of Berwick, to the Town of Kelso, of an Act, made in the same Year, for repairing several in the County of Roxburgh: And that Mr. Montgomery Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates and Mr. Pringle do prepare, and bring in, the fame. to a Road from a Place in Trowle Bridge Lane to Midford,

and from to Hall's Close in Limpley Stoke, and

Mr. Asheton Smith reported from the Committee, to for amending the said Roads, and also several other whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing said Acts and also of the several other Persons, whose Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Town of Trowbridge aforesaid, was presented to the and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at House, and read; Setting forth, That a Progreis hath Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike been made in executing the said Acts, and a consider-Road at Ly deway, in the County of Wilts, was referred; able Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, and Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike the said Roads, or such of them as shall be continued Bills, had been complied with } and that the Committee Turnpike, be effectually amended, widened, and kept had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be renewed, directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, and the Powers thereof altered, enlarged, and confo-to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and lidated into One Act; and that it is expedient that the afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where Road leading from Wincham Bridge, across a certain the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Common, in the Parish of North Bradley, to the Turn-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the pike Road at or near the Direction Poll there on Little laid Acts were read: And, Common, and also the Road between Wejhvood and Fresh-

Mr. Edmund Innis Ludlow, being examined, said, ford, through Charter House Hinton, to the Turnpike That great Progress hath been made in the Execution of Road at the Red Poll in the Parish of Wellozv, in- the the said Acts, and several Sums of Money have been bor- County of Somerset, and also the Road from the Wells rowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Road, opposite the Road leading to Rod/hck, turning on

which still remain due, and that the said Road cannot the Right Hand through the Three Comer Field in the be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the said Parish of Camerton, to join the Bath Turnpike Road near Money be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts is Hallatrow Bridge, in the Parish of High Littleton, in the continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged. said County of Somerset, and also the Road from the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Turnpike Gate in the Parish of Freshford to Midford, in continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the the said County, being Part of the Roads included in Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty- the said Acts, should be no longer continued as Turn-fiecond Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for pike Roads, and that the Trustees for executing the repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike said Act should be discharged from all future Care and Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Management thereof; and that the Road leading from Turnpike Road at Ly deway, in the County of Wilts: the Parsonage Corner in the Back Street, in the said And that Mr. Asheton Smith and Mr. Wallop do prepare. Town of to the House of Mary May, Wi-

and bring in, the fame. dow, at the Brick Plott, is narrow, out of Repair, and

incommodious, and it would be an Accommodation to A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are the Public if the same were altered, amended, widened, thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of and kept in Repair, under the Care of the said Trustees;

Estates in the Parish of Tuxford, in the County of and also, if a new Road was made, and kept in Repair, Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; from the said House of Mary May, to join the Turnpike Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, Road leading from Trowbridge aforesaid to Hilperton's several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Marsh, at or near a Place called in the said and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in which the Parish of Trowbridge; and also, if the said House and Lands of the Petitioners, for the moll Part, lie in small Premises, now in the Occupation of the said Mary,

Parcels, and much dispersed and intermixed, and are, or some Part or Parts thereof, were taken down and in their present State, inconvenient for Occupation, and removed, for effecting and making the said Road; and incapable of much Improvement; but, if inclosed and that the Street, called Silver Street, in the said Town, divided, and specific Parts allotted to the Persons inte- which is Part of the Road included in the said Act, is rested therein, the same would tend greatly to their Ad- narrow and incommodious, and it is requisite, for the vantage, and to the Improvement of their, respective Safety and Convenience of the Public, that the same Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be should be widened; and that it would be also a great given to bring in a Bill for eftefting the several Purposes Convenience and Accommodation to the Public, if a aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such-Rules, new Road was made from the Turnpike Road in the Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall Market Place, through certain Tenements or Dwelling feetn expedient and proper. Houses, Outhouses, Backsides, Yaids. Gardens, and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Premises, now in the several Occupations of Isaac fuan't to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Selfe, Henry Crabb, James Burgess, Philip James Gibbs,

Esquire,

Gosport Bridge Petition.

39 Geo. III. 259 Februarii. 221

Esquire, Robert Bams, Anthony Rogers, Thomas Jordan, Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regula-William Cuff, and Joseph Sexty, to join the Turnpike tions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Road in the said Street, called Silver Street, and the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the same kept in Repair, under the Care of the said Truf- Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exa-tees, and if the said several Tenements or Dwelling mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Houses, and Outhouses, or some Part or Parts thereof, shall appear to them, to the House j were taken down and removed; and that it would be And it is referred to Mr. Shaw Mr. Chute, See.:

also a great Convenience and Accommodation to the And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Public, as well as an Improvement to the said Town, if the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power a Tenement or Dwelling House, now in the Occupation to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records of David Orchard, and a Stable near or adjoining

thereto, now in the Occupation of John Ching, or some A Petition of Edward Marcus was pre- P'sparcTi

Part or Parts thereof, were taken down and removed, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, aiUoIU

and a new Road made and kept in Repair, under the since the 22d Day of April lad, the Petitioner has been

Care of the said Trustees, from the Turnpike Road in, confined close Prisoner in the House of Correction, Cold

Fore Street, in the said Town, to join the Turnpike Road Bath Fields, under a Warrant from his Grace the Duke

in Back Street, and if Part of the Workshops, nowin oi Portland: That, until the 25 th Day of Vwew/vr hft, the

the Occupation of Mr. Samuel Cook, adjoining the Town Petitioner was confined in a damp Cell, not Seven Feet

Bridge, were also taken down and removed, for the Pur- square: That said Cell had no Art icle of Furniture, except

pole of making the Entrance to the said Bridge more a Bed, laid on some Oaken Planks, fattened to the Wall;

safe and commodious, over which said Bridge Part of That, during the first Six Weeks of his Imprisonment,

the Turnpike Road does pass; and that the Footways the Petitioner had no Allowance but Bread and Water i

in the several Streets, Lanes, and other Public Paffiges And the Petitioner further begs Leave humbly to Rate,

and Places, within the said Town of Trowbridge, are not that he never has been allowed to set his Foot in the

properly paved, clean fed, nor lighted, and are iybjedt to Garden of said Prison, though his Health has been

various ObRructions, Encroachments, Nuisances, and materially injured by his Confinement: And the Pcti- *

Annoyances, and in some Places incommodious and tioner humbly begs Leave to Rate to the House, that unsafe for Travellers and Passengers, and it woukl be a he verily believes it to be an unuffial Thing, in this great Benefit, Advantage, and Convenience, to the Country, to confine a State Prisoner to a Penitentiary Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons resort- House, however proper it may be for convicted Persons ing to or passing through the fame, if Provision was' or Vagrants: And the Petitioner humbly begs Leave made for paving the said Footways, and for cleansing, further to Rate, that the Honourable Val. John

lighting, and regulating the several Streets, Lanes, and Reeves, Esquire, and John Esquire, can give

other Public Passages and Places, and for removing all Evidence of the Facts mentioned in this Petition: And Obstructions, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoy- the Petitioner humbly begs Leave farther to Rate, that ances, within the said Town, and preventing the same the Affairs of his Family are entirely ruined by his long in future: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe Confinement: The Petitioner therefore humbly prays given to bring in a Bill or Bills for effecting the (eve- to be examined, at the Bar of the House, touching the ral Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner and Matters aforesaid; and that the House will be plealed under such Regulations and ReRrictions, as to the House to take his same into Consideration, and afford such shall seem meet. Relief, as to the House in its Wisdom shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House shall appear to them, to the House: torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, um}r 11 '

And it is referred to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Goddard, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow''Morning, at ' for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters,

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and be now read. *

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee *

A Petition of Robert Forbes, of Gosport, in the County Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

of Southampton, Merchant, was presented to the House, Mr. took the Chair of the Committee,

and read; Setting forth. That a Bridge being greatly Mr. Speaker/efumed the Chair,

wanted across a certain Lake, called Stoke, or HajlarLake, Mr. reported from the Committee, That they

near GoJ'port, in the County of Southampton, to form a had gone through' the Bill, and made several Amend-

Communication between the Royal Hospital at HaJJar, ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, and the Town of Gosport aforesaid, the Petitioner did, when the House will please to receive the same, under the Sanction of the Lords Commissioners of the Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Admiralty, communicated to him by the Commission- Morning, ers for Sick" and Hurt Seamen, erect such Bridge at his

own Expence; and since the Year 1792, when it was Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Committee

finished, His Majesty's Officers and Servants, belonging ' an ERimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of prfmreMUitii

to the said Hospital, have made Use of the said Bridge, the Militia, for the Year 1799 ' Estimate.

and found much Accommodation therefrom, and that And a Committee was appointed of Mr, Secretary at

the said Bridge is also found of great Utility to the Pub- War, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

lie at large; but the Petitioner has no Authority to Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's

exact any reasonable Toll for the Passage of Carriages, Chamber.

Cattle, and Foot Passengers, and the Gratuity or Salary

to be allowd him by Government, is by no Means Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Montgomery-

adequate to the IntereR of the Capital inveRed in the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for shire Wm *

building the said Bridge, or to enable him to keep it the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this

in the necessary State of Repair: And therefore pray- present Parliament, for the County of Montgomery, in

ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the room of Francis Lloyd, Esquire, deceased.

enabling him to demand, and receive, certain Payments, t

by Way of Toll, for the Passage of Cattle, Carriages, The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill to amend

and Foot Passengers, over the said Bridge, in such Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Vol. 54. 3 L intituled.

22 *

25 Februarii.

A.

I799i

Exchequer Bills Bill, presented.

SI1 fof reduo g the Number of Militia Men, commute

1$ll to amend Acts ref petting Provisional Cavalry,

csmiRiitted.

intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the " Game in that Part of Great Britain called England" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made " in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain Called " England ,"might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Gamein that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, and for repealing and amending several of the

" Laws now in being relative thereto," might be read. *

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Game in, that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, and for repealing and amending several of the " Laws now in being relative thereto," might be read *

And the same being read accordinglyj

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which limit the Time for killing Partridges in England and; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to such Limitation within that Part of Great Britain called England, by making other Provisions for that Purpose: And that Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Mr. Buxton do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fof the Second Reading of the Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men to be raised, and to serve, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 8th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts; made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force cf Cavalry, and for making further ' Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly $

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 8th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee on Marine Mutiny Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Philip Stephens took the Chiir of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Philip Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act of this Bill for ex-Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for exempt- volunteer 6 " ing, during the present War, certain Persons, serving Corps Kxempin Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for the tio"Aft, co,tt *

HeVinglinm, See, IncloAire Bill, comihit-ted.

* Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions, and mi for making out new Lists of Men liable to serve in the " said Militia," to Volunteer Corps raised under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for giving further Time for transmitting Copies, of the Muster Rolls of Volunteer Corps who shall claim the Exemption granted by the said first-mentioned Act, was, according to Order, read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands,

Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes ,of Hevingham and Marsham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don,

Mr. Coke, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon^ at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Dowms, and all Commonable Places and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Easton, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bernard, the Earl Temple, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways an<i next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Easton Inclo«r Aire Bill, committed.

Means,

ferred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, defer-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, red' to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, To -morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Time for returning Assessments under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Dutiesumpofied by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for " granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties."

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

GEORGE

Bill to amend

the Income Duty Act, deferred.

Lord Stew ard's Deputation *

Selby and Leeds Road Bill, committed *

House refolye to adjourn to Thursday.

39 Geo. III. 25 223

GEORGE Earl of Leicester, Lord Steward of His Majesty's Hotifehold, and One of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council; To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye. That I, the hud Lord Steward, by virtue of mysaid Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by tuele Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Henry Addington, Speaker of the House of Commons, the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden, Knight, Mailer of the Rolls; the Right honourable William Pitt, Chancellor of the Exchequer; the Right honourable Henry One of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State; the Honourable Charles James Fox, the Right honourable John Charles the Right ho-

nourable Lord Frederick Campbell, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Belgrave, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Stopford, Treasurer of His Majesty's Household; the Right honourable Dudley Ryder, the Right honourable 'Thomas Steele, the Right honourable William Windham, His Majesty's Secretary' at War; Sir John Scat, Knight, His Majesty's Attorney General; Sir Joint Mitford, Knight, His Majesty's Solicitor General; Sir Charles Morgan, Sir Robert Williames Vaughan, Baronets; George Roje, Edward Burrow, Esquires; Sir Andrew Snape

mond. Baronet; John Sargent, Thomas Berney Bramston, Char James Mar-

tin Lloyd, Charles Long, Esquires; the Honourable William Brodrick, Simon Torke, Esquire; Sir Robert Knight; Sir Philip Stephens, Baronet; John Willett Willett, Joseph Holden Strutt, Esquires; the Honourable Robert

Curzon, Christopher Savile, Esquire; the Honourable Henry Hobart, Walter Boyd, John Petrie, William Morland, John Fordyce, Thomas Manners Sutton, Charles Drndas, Esquires; Sir William bung. Baronet; Wil-

liam Plumer, John Jeffery, Esquires; the Right honourable Lord Charles Spencer, Snowdon Borne, Esquire; Sir Benjamin Hammet, Knight; the Right honourable Lord Bruce, Bryan Edwards, John Nicholls, Henry Esquires;

Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton, Baronet; Thomas Kemp, Esquire; Sir William Heathcote, Sir Baronets; Joshua Smith, Thomas Stanley, Nathaniel Dance, John Dent, John Baynes Garforth, Henry Wynd-

ham, Richard Bateman Robson, Scrope Bernard, Esquires; the Right honourable Lord Nathaniel

ferys, Thomas Drake Tyrwhitt, Esquires; Sir Frederick Fletcher V ane. Baronet; Edmund Matthew

Esquires; Sir Francis Sykes, Sir John Call, Baronets; John Pitt, Reginald Pole Carew, Banajlre Francis

Fane, John Fane, Gerard Lake, James Adams, Esquires; Sir Baronet; Francis Annejley, Charles ShawLefevre, Esquires; the Honourable Henry Lascelles, Esquire; SuWilliam Dolben, Baronet; the Right honourable Sylvester Douglas, Charles Abbot, John Blackburne of Francis

Gregor, Esquires; or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, m my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing and preventing all Questions " and Disputes concerning the assembling and fitting of this present Parliament," according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baroq of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Twenty-seventh Day of September 1796; a'nd to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and all'o to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for " that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of " Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit or vote as Members of " the House of Commons;" according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not be present at the Meeting of Election; and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, cc One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters hereinbefore mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform ' in tl.ijp Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. InTeftimony whereof I have hereunto let my Hand and Seal, this Twenty-fifth Day of February, in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace ot God, of Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, tdc. Annoque Domin 1799.

Leicester. (L. S.)

Martis, 26° die Februarii; Anno 390 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799. Prayers.

A BILL for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was' read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mrl Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morning next. VOL. 54.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Philip was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arid found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rackheath, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rackheath, in the County of Norfolk,

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

Marindin'g Nat. Bui, reported *

Rackheath Iiv cloiurt Bill, passed.

224

26® Febru

A. 1799.

Upton Indo-lure and Drainage Bill, reported.

Stratford and Milford Divi lion and Allotment Bill, committed *

Oare Inclosure Bill, passed *

De Lac's Nat Bill, passed.

Bewdley, &c. Towing Path Petition, reported#

1

Mr. Aftley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, intermixed Pastures, Open Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Norfolk, and such Parts of the Open Fields, called Upton Field and Fishley Crofts, as lie in the Parish of Fishley, In the faief County, and for draining the fame, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land assessed to the Poor's Rate at £.76. ior. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure and Drainage, is assessed at £.556 per Annum, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment# thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable I/inds and Grounds, in the Parishes of Stratford-under-the-Castle and Milford, in the County of Wills, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Nix. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossfed Bill for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Tything of Oare, in the Parishes of Wilcot and Huifi, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Tything of Oare, in the Parishes of Wilcot and Huish, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John De Luc, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John De.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said. Act was read: Whereby it is, amongst other Things, enacted, Tfi^t the Trustees thereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, should meet at the House of Ann Barney, known by the Sign of The Pig and , at Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, on Saturday, the 27th Day of June 1772, and proceed to the Execution of the said Act, and might then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and meet at the same Place, or at such other Place or Places, and at such Time and Times, not exceeding the Space of Three Months from their last Meeting, as they, or any Five or more of them, should think proper; and if at any Time it should happen that a sufficient Number of Trustees should not attend to act or to adjourn, then, and in every such Case, and from Time to Time afterwards, as often as it should so happen, the Meeting appointed to be then and there held, should be adjourned by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, for the Space of Fourteen Days, and be held at the same Place where such Meeting was then last appointed to be held; but the Treasurer or Clerk should cause Notice, in Writing, of all such Meetings to be fixed upon the Market Houses in Bridgnorth and aforesaid, and

at or near The Meadow Wharfat Coalbrook Dale aforesaid. Seven Days, at the least, before every such subsequent Meeting was held: And,

Mr. John Pritchard, being examined, said, Thatfoon after the passing of the said Act, the Trustees, thereby appointed, held several Meetings, which were afterwards discontinued, without the Purposes for which the said Act was obtained being carried into Effect, and the said Road or Towing Path has never been made: And the Witness further said. That the principal Iron-masters and others, trading on the said River, are now delirous that the said Act should be carried into Effect: And that the making the said Towing Path, in the Manner directed by the said Act, would be advantageous to the Owners of Lands adjoining the said River, and to the Owners of Barges and other Vessels navigating thereon, and beneficial to Trade in general: Then,

Mr. Alexander Brodie, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road " or Passage for Horses on the Banks of the River " Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called " The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, for haling " and drawing Vessels along the said River, and for " other Purposes therein mentioned And that Mr. Kynaston Powell and Sir Richard Rill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry reported from the Committee, to Ferrybridge

Mr. Kynaston Powell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Borough-whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed BUifre^rted. to put in Execution an Act, made in the Twelfth Year in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses on the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Banks of the River Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and jesty, for repairing the Roads from through

a Place called The Meadozv Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, Ferrybridge, to the South Side of after and for haling and drawing Vessels along the said River, also from Ferrybridge to Wet her by, and from thence to and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Was referred; Boroughbridge, in the County of so far as the same That the Committee had examined, and found that the relate to the Road between and Wet her by, and

laid Petition, being only to enable the Trustees to pro- from thence to Boroughbridge, was committed; That the ceed in the Execution of the said Act, for the Purpose Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and of making the Towing Path therein mentioned, does found the same to be true; and that the Committee had not appear to the Committee to come within the Stand- gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments ing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills; thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the and that the Committee had also examined the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once, and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Was read; and is as followeth; viz. agreed to by the House.

.5 ' Ordered,

39 Geo. III.

2,6° Feiruarii.

225

Itnare (brough iml Grten-tamertoa Koai Bill, reported *

Margate Pier BUI, passed.

lea Bridge Bonds Bill, reported.

Kilbnrn Bridge and Sparrow' Heme Road Bill, reported.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His pre--sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresbrough, in the County of York, by Long Flat Lane, brough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scale Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same County, and for making the same a high Carriage Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One , and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Pier of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of

Kent, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Pier of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the.River

Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening Roads from thence into the great Roads at Snarejbin the County of Fssex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once VOL. 54.

lead throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wero agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for more effectually watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-Waring, Mr. Byng ,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. William Adams do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Brixham, in the County of Devon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Mr. William Adams accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place) and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Tozer, being examined, said. That there is an

ancient Harbour, Pier, or Quay, at Brixham Quay, with in and Part of the said Manor, and that a very considerable Fishery hath long been established there, and hath, of late Years, been increased in a great Degree; that the said Harbour, Pier, or Quay, is much injured by Time and Tempests, and is not sufficiently large to serve the necessary Purposes of the Fishermen there; and the Tolls and Duties received from Vessels belonging to, or frequenting the said Harbour, are so small, that the said Harbour, Pier, or Quay, cannot be kept in Repair out of the Produce thereof. And being further examined, he said. That there is, and hath been, an ancient Market at Brixham Quay aforesaid, but that there is no convenient Place for holding the fame; and that the -Population of Brixham hath of late increased so considerably, that a regular Market will be of great Utility to the Inhabitants of the said Place, and to the Public in general.

Mr. Arthur Farwell confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords of the Manor of Brixham, in the County of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild, the Pier or Quay at Brixham Quay, within the said Manor, to improve the Harbour there, to regulate the Moorings of Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there: And that. Mr. William Adams and the Lord Arden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Courts, Esquire, Banker, to make a Communication between his Buildings on the opposite Sides of William Street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of W by a covered Passage to be built over the said Street; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Chriflophtr Moller; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, 3 M pafi'ed

St. Andrew' ,

Holborn, See Poor Bill, committed.

Brixham Quay, &c Pe,; tition, reported.

The Lords have agreed to

Mr. CoutU'i BUI.

The Lord *

have passed Moller's Natw BUI.

Gosport and Fareham, &c. Roads Bill, presented *

Moller's Nit. Bill, read.

Committee on London Dock a Bill, empowered to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Exchequer1 Bills Bill, committed.

Bill to amend the Income Duty Act, deferred.

Mutiny Bill, deferred.

Bill for extending the Volunteer Corps Exemption Act, deferred.

246

46° Februafii. A. i 799.

passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Farcham and to Wil-

iham, and from Wickham aforesaid to Pond, in

"the Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and fead the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Christop Moller, was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Manning, from the Committee to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, is committed, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, that they may have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Time for returning Assessments under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties " imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for " the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting " certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for exempting, during the present War, certain Persons,

" serving in Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for " the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions,

" and for making out new Lists of Men liable to serve " in the said Militia," to Volunteer Corps raised under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for giving further Time for transmitting Copies of the Muster Rolls of Volunteer Corps who shall claim the Exemption granted by the said first-mentione'd Act, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir Philip Stephens, according to Order, reported from Marine Muti-the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ny for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces porte while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aft or *

Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugar ere and Rum imported into, and exported from, Great Bri- |^r nd tain, between the 5th Day of January 1798 and the 5th Day of January 1799, distinguishing the Places from whence the same have been imported; with the Amount of the Duties received, and the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an RawMatemit Account of the Quantities of the principal Articles, imP°rted-in the Nature of Raw Materials, imported into Great Britain, and retained therein, for Twelve Years preceding the 5th of January 1799 j distinguishing each Article and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Bills of Inclosure, or Drainage, ' which have passed within the last Twelve Years; and also, of Bills for improving Harbours or Navigable Rivers, and for making Canals, which have passed within the same Period; together with the Sums authorized to be raised for the above Purposes.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- unfunded count of the Unfunded Debt and Demands outstand- Debt, ing on the 5th of January 1799, under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance,

Navy, and any other Head of Public Service, specifying the fame; distinguishing under each Head, respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands confided, and also what. Part of the said Un-. funded Debt was then provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then unprovided for.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Money ad-Account of the total Amount of Monies advanced for v?n"<ibyCL. Public Services from the Civil List (not being Part of V ' the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which were not replaced by Parliament on the 5th of January x 799; specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced between the 5th of January 1797 and the 5th of January 1799; and the total Amount of the Advance on each Head respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an veterinary Account of the Grants of Parliament to The College.

College, with the Receipt, the Expenditure, and the Debts, of that Institution, to the 4th February 1799.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, pursuant Accounts of to their Order,

An Account of the Grants made by Parliament in fcnted/

Aid of The Veterinary College during the Years 1795,

1796, 1797, and 1798: And also.

An Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of The Veterinary College, for the Year ending 4th February 1799: And also.

An Account of the Debts of The Veterinary College,

4th February 1799,

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An

59 Geo. III. 26'' — -28° Febmam. 227

V

An ACCOUNT of th^ GRANTS made by Parliament, in Aid of The Veterinary during the

Years 1795, 1796, 1797, and 1798.

Amount of Four1 Grants of £. 1,500 edth , - - - 6,000 ——

Reduced by Fees - - . - - - 617 18 4

5,382 1 8

Paid to sundry Tradesmen and Others - - - 1 - - 3,948 11 —

Applied, during Four Years, in necessary Repairs and Improvements of the

College Premises - - - - 614 6 11

Unpaid on the Grant of 1797 750 ——

Balance remaining with the College 69 3 9

Veterinary College

4th Feb, 1799. 7- Butt, Treas.

5,382 1 8

T

RECEIPT and EXPENDITURE of The Veterinary for the Year ending 4th February 1799.

RECEIVED. s. J.

By Subscriptions - 816 18 —

Stable Accounts - 1,630 18 8

Forge Accounts - 177 17 3

Balance, by the Amount of which the Expenditure has exceeded the Re ceipt - - - - 3 S 2

£.2,648 19 i

Veterinary College, <., i =3= a t -a 4th Feb, 1799.

PAID.

— £. r.

To Rent, Taxes, Repairs, and InfuranCe 396 15 — Salaries - - - - 502 3 —

Stable Accounts, including Forage,

Medicines, and the Weekly Wages of Grooms - 1,457 3 — 1

Forge Accounts, including Materials, Goals, and the Weekly Wages of Smiths - - - - 219 8 —

Incidental, Expences, not chargeable to any of the preceding Articles, as, Advertisements, Stationary,

Printing, Postage, idti ' 73 — ,

£.2,648 19 i

7 Butt, Treasr.

L

x

An ACCOUNT of the DEBTS of The Veterinary College.

t

To certain Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, being the Amount lent towards £. s. d. the Buildings - - . - 4,081 — —

Sundry Tridefmen, and others

Total of Debts in February 1795

Paid to luhdry Tradelmeri, and others! ' *

Saved by Composition with certain of the Creditors Balance in Hand from the Aids of Parliament -

- 5>°93 4 4

- 3,948 11 —

- 1,144 ——

69 3 f

Veterinary,

4th Feb. 1799.

7 Butt, Treasr *

£ t. d.

9^74 4 4

5,161 14 9

4>°12 9 7

=£ =c as---- V

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read j Committee oft Resolved, That this House will,- upon this Day Fort-

Herring°f night, the 12th Day of March next, relblve itself into' Fifceriw, de- a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the fcnr 4 Report which was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the moll effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock *

Vol. 54.

Jotots, 28° die$ebru<frii\

Anno 39 Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1799 Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in doling, the Arable Lands, intermixed Pastures, Open Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk, and such Parts of the Open Fields, called Upton

Field

Upton fnclo Aire and Drainage Bill, passed.

1

228

28° Februarii.

A.

1799.

Marindin's Nat. Bill, pa/Fed.

Field and Fishley Crofts, as lie in the Parish of Fishley, in ford, through the said Town, to the South End of the

the said County, and for draining the fame, was read the Town V>f , in the County of , was com-

ThirdTime. mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titfe gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Arable Lands, intermixed Pastures, Open Fields, Half made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the directed him to report to the House; and he read the Parish of Upton, in the County of Norfolk, and such Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bilb Parts of the Open Fields, called Upton Field and Fishley with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Crofts, as lie in the Parish of Fishley, in the said County, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and for draining the fame. and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ~ agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed that several other An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Philip Marin- Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Audra's Nat. Bill, passed.

din, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Philip Alar indin.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Justin Eliza Cefir Audra, was read the Third Time.'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Eliza Cefar Audra.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leintwardine, &c. Inclosure Bill, palfed.

Weyhill Road Bill, presented *

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Montgomery presented to the House, according to Whitebum Order, a Bill for making and maintaining the Road from or near Whitebum, in the County of Berwick, to the presented Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- Ferrybridge tering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting certain palfed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Billfpaiied. Waste Lands, and Open and Common Fields, within the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in Parishes of Leintwardine, BurringLon, Downton, Afion, and the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

Elton, in the County of Hereford, was read the ThirdTime. jesty, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster through Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Cross, and

also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, so for as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and W:therby, and front thence to Boroughbridge, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 33. To leave out " Gate" and insert

be, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Waste Lands, and Open and Common Fields, within the Parishes of Leintwardine, Barrington, Downton, Aston, and Elton, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Biddulph do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Aflieton Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road ai Weyhill, in the county of -Southampton, to tjhc Turnpike Road at in the

" Gates" instead thereof; to leave out from " the" to " of" and insert . "Ends" instead thereof; and after ci of" to insert " the Towns of "

1. 34. After " Aberford" to insert " sold Kirk - " Deighton." -And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

County of Wilts: And the same was received; and-read severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and' the First Time. the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Saint Bride's, London, Poor Bill, reported.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John William. Anderson reported fronr the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Bebef and w w

Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Bridget, Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth otherwise Saint Bride, Fleet Street, in the City of Lon- ' and 'Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Ma-don, was committed; That- the- Committee had exa- jesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Roads from Doncaster through Ferrybridge, to the the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which South Side of Cross, and also from Ferrybridge

they had directed him to report to the House; and he to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the' read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered County of York, so far as the same relate to the Road the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's'Table: between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Boroughbridge.

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

House. ..... '

Burton upon Trent, &c. Roads Bill, re ported and re committed.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Knaretbrongf , 1 t and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts the one ?ndGreen~

made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign-

Mr. Dudley North reported from the Comrnjftee, to of his. late Majesty King George the Second, and the pulled.

Ordered, That ingrossed.

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and inc'reafing, _ altering, and enlarging, the Powers of Two several Acts, palfed in the Twenty-sixth; Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

other in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in.

the County of York, by Long Flat Lane, Goaldjbrough Fields, Flaxby, Alln/on. Matt/everand Scate Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same County, and for making the

repairing and widening the Road, from tire West End of same a high Carriage Road, was read the Third Time, the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Staf- Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title 3 be.

39 Geo. Ill, 28"February. — 1

Gander Lane and Sheffield Roads Bill, presented.

be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George-the Second, and the other in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, forre7 pairing the Road from in the County of

York, by Long Flatt Lane, GouldjbroughFields, Flaxby,

AlUrton Maul ever er, and Moor, to Green hammer ion, in the same County, and for making the same a high Carriage Road.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr, Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the {\eign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of York, and from MoflaioughGreen to Clown, both in the said County of Derby: And the same was received} and . read the First'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be fead a Second Time.

BUI for con- Mr, Daniel Parker Coke reported from the Commit-i fining an tee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing farther a Divirton and Inclosure of the Open and Common Sealinclosure, Fields and Pastures, within the Manors or Lordships of reported. Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether /, in the Counties of Leiceft and , or one of them, and certain Exchanges of Lands and'Estates within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, according to the Leave granted by the House on the 28th Pay of December last;.and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, ^nd found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except several Persons, whole property is rated to the Land Tax at £.1. os. 2id. who were neuter; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Bill is afiefled at £. 109,13;. 8, d. and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there;-unto, which they had directed him tQ report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Shaw Lefevrepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-Cxth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which limit the Time for killing partridges in England and Scotland; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to such Limitation within, .(that Part of Great Britain called England, by making Other srovisions for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second lime;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TO» I *

Teller, for ,hcNo^ &?£ ]

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Vo 1.54,.

Bill to amend Game Lawe, prdented

Ordered, That the said Bill be read 3 Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of The Tlnnki this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Nay, for fyenioDri the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this Hay.

House, at Saint- Margaret's, Wejfminfer; and that he be desired to print the same: And that Lord Viscount Be/graveand Mr. Buxton do acquaint him therewith.

A Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to Assistant artist the O.verseers of the Poor, was, according to f,l1<

Order, read a Second Time. ' ' ' *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commitr tec of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom:

S'ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the vvliol? louse, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee04 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thouliind Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amende ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-rporrqw hlorning. .

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Bill to amend ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^'t!nJ£'the House, upon the Bill for extending the Time for return- deferred^ ' ing AftclTments under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the " Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of " Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for " the Prosecution of the War, and to make more ueffectual Provjlion for the like Purpose, by granting " certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties."

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Mutiny Bill, the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny deicnea-and Delation, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, he received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovy Morning, Ten of the Clock.

20,

Veneris, 1 die Martii\

Anno Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Far hill, from Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Na- ^^tol-iuduc-tional Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; tionofNa-and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for a Year, ending the 31 ft of January 1799.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The Cud Account is as followeth >

N

The

| 1 t» M N M -

4 <7 |'JJwAvo

tiii)

®<8Zlll6?nV? - MNMMN — -

KVJ w Kt U O O OONJ U M — O 0"0 -4 04 VO 0C (>M OC^slV^. K> 9 CSs,

v> *

vo oe 'J o

i i i i i i i i

i i i i i i i i

OOCOoOO

bdduo

0 c o o o

1 i i I l

l I,) I I

i a i i

a i a

a i i a a

» > 1 1 ' r 1 ' i 1 c/> _< h- r sC p

doooocoot5oect)aoooodooae6coobt)ooootittBdo|-s Hg

OOOOCOOOOVOOOO QCOOoOOOOUOOOOC o — w»fS O 5 rt '

ry — Co " Cl-

a i

l i l

i a a

i i

l i a a a a i I

i i a

a I i

a I a I I

I a l I i

/(lit

a i a a a

i I i % a i

a a a a i i a

i i a i

i i i i >'ii» »

a i a

a a a

r r a a

a a i i

i i i i i i i i t

cr - " Co i

1 oJL' (>5^1

C f 5. a- Qs

I W r,

o . >>, y > »

~ S? 3' 3 c1

a i i 3 i > a £ .3 o

3 D- C 3 tt ft-

J", n 9

a i a i J; »

III till

vs *

00

4 *

VO

vs *

-4 - N OC

SO O "4 ki nm O

m gn~oc sb vi b

S O 4- N O

11111111111111111111 r 111111111! 11111111111i~°~8~s

Vs ns I I Vs Cm |

' 1 I I O I

-9

o

o

t>

5»

3

Os

NO

NO

On

OS

N

u»

oo

vs *

VO

-4

-4

NO

V|

I I f s I

o o

o ©

1111111111111 r11111 i n i| 1111< f 111111| i

o

I l l $ t, I I i I I I I i ii I l I I l I I l l I ii I I & I M o I I i I I 1 i i 1

IS» - »

I \z°,l

0 I

1 I

I l

M

N

OO

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1^1 I I I ° I I M I I I ^1

- I,

I I 1

111111111 i 11111111J111 ii 11 -g| i 1111 \ % 1111111 jj

O 5 X. x ii n

I I ltd I I I I I I I I I I I I 15 I I I I I I I'S'S I I I I I l£ I I 1^1

I 1 I ' ' p.\^ I 1-__________._______4|H_______________»»!-

I I to

I I l~ I I

I I

O VO

O NS»

OO

VS *

I I I I I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I "' ° I I I I I I I I

__________II_____________L

N

vo

I I - I I I

VO

OS

N

4 . - CM 4 4

" VI 00 NO -4 "

- . M ~ W MOt W M ~ ~

1M-M kju xs -r 4 4 -4 N Cm - s — K> m Cm n 44 n w - sn VO VO ON I M cm On -4 n> so 00 4 Vm OG O

n> o bo b o o o o Oj c b oc ij o> asj u n wi n ob i c o ' o o V/o o O o o o

OODOOCCOOOOGOOOO 0OO0O000000

OOsOOOOo OOOO OOOO

14 M

0 00 00 nO — ~ O - — — O O ~ - w - o Nl 4N 4 Vl

vs 1.0 1» OnOsOC^vI O CTs O Cn 1 Owl Os^q — — Cwj Os — Os — On Qvvl -4 VO 4 OO NO OC VI N 4 > -j 00 00 ns 4. 4 VO 4 OCVO VO O^'VO 0 -vsivs — 004 -

VO O OVnsi O vn 4. 0 ns 1 m ist vs vs nvmvouiw tst 4^ O' n»cm O — oo O

VS -V|SS|VS I 1 I VS I I I VS VS, vs I VS V| o N VI I VI O Ns I VS Ns I

1 = I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I ox I ovovl Ovl I I I I I I

O CVN - 04 Os — 00>. 04 0 \C OO - - OSV> ^00

QsVM O — 0's I 04 O 04 tm

oo vi uviCMviooOOa *

vs vs Oolol I I I©

11111111111

;?i m 1111111 m 11111111111 iHHsntjtsssI?

o o go's oooo

00 o Osoooo

"vl v|

11111111111111111111111111

vs vs vs 4^vs 's,ns vs -4- 4 ^ns _^.£ -4>

O O CO O O O O^'OsO OVOncto

41h eoj^jeo|4.

«4m

'S

04

VO N

m H M *

I + moj ovmviVOns O 04 O O O

vs vs, O 'l l vs vs vO O 4 cm

S.'S I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I J Jftxg SS 8 3&

Os I

N I

sw 3 I I I o I 15 5-1-

5 I I I I I I I I I I I M I

111111111 ~g111111111111 is 111111's i j 11'§ i i 11111

OOOO OOOO o o o o

O OSVJ Os CJN Os j On VI On Os cn . vs vr vn

I I I I «- 1 - - - -- -1 «-1 - «« |

oo VO

04 N

o

VO

04

D *

cs

VI

Os

N4 VS *

Os

04

On vs *

O . v|,

ll'lllll'o'l'l';';'5U5'i>'-'i'iIUl,= '--'l'

I I I I I I I I I III I I I I

X 4^ 4" C Ov OS C> 1| 00 O' by CN O' O O Ov Ov O O' Ov O' OVs aCSXNj ovsi Oi 4" vb cv vl K» OCNC o vO — — O — "-I — — M<|-NJ o OO N 4 VO Nl OG On so v» ss O' C> oocn Q Cnc~ s/i 4 w O vj\o — N vs O

OC si oo vs o no ns vs, oo O co m is) vt oo — NS, 4s. m's, 4 4s 4 vj ni cc O W| 4n OgOv On VI vo On nO oo OO W no vo ot

— V4 cr Vs I I I I vo t jcr vs vs Jvo^i NM |vjO I vs» MOO |vs vs» |vs no |3 O I I vo

»=llll I III! Illllllostosoxloslllfol I lllill Icrxlll I

66L i

T

'wm o1

in

c

3

p

HI

D

3

2

<x

3

1 4 4 4.4444444444vo4444444vnv«4V«vnsiw Vfl44 cr or or oc s^ vo VC SC vc sc sC O nT n \f C C vc C vo O O C SC O 0 O O 0 C VO s;« «Dswcnj>4 «rj- cejwxi») H^rt^-I" h|<-> oc)Mac|v)H'"4NN«iNnCc|v^ f.|4.w|» »Hcs( ^,-4 «c|«05j»b^4» VO vc vc VO vb CC OCVO VO OC CO 1 0c,x^»'S,w4iCi — +-1^. 1^4. 4-► ,- H|- Hp,) c

n

4i ^4H 4«m «4- t

(A

c

3

n

o

3

y

8

m

c

3

r>

P-

c

o

o

o-

tn

c

3

3

03

n

53

o

- *

a

c

O

O

O

c

H

o

O

o

3

3

a

c

3

r»

ux

Cl,

C

o

p

p

r^-

o

p

o

a

or

S'

n

ne *

o

p

n>

P

Sn

5 *

Oq

o

04

Ss

q

VO

VO

olt

IX Old Annuities. New Annuities. Annuities 1751.

1798.' 48th Quarter. Total same received. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital, Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid.

fiaj 2. 3 4- 8. 9- io. 11. 16. <18. -22. .23 24. 5- 30. -3<-1. 5-6. 7- 8. 12 13-14. >5- % J9 20. 21.1 -22 26. 27 28 4 5 6 10. -11 13 7- X8. x9 io. ‘24 '26 -27. L To Quarterly Issue - -To 99 and 96 Annuities To Unclaimed and expired D° To Short Annuities - --To Dividend on Reduced TO D° - on per Cent. To D° - GnOl&SwtbSea To Loans - - - - -To Imperial Loan - -By Stock bought - - - D°- - - - - D® - . Do- - - - - D® - - D®- - - - - D° - - D®- - - - - D° - - D®- - - - - D - D° - - D®- - - - D® . - D° --D° ----- - - - D° - - D° - - D° - D° - - D°- - - D° - - - . - - B° - . D°- - - - - Da - - Du - - D° - - D° - - D°- - - - . - - D° - - D° - - D®-. - - - - D°-. - - - . - - D° - . D°- - - Da - - D« - . do. - - . - - D® - - D®- - - -. - D®- - - - - D® - - D° ~ - D®-- - - - - D® - - Do - - D°. - - - . - - D®- - - - - 250,000 — — 13-720 3 7 397+3 6 3 12,$00 113,806 4 6 10,140 — — 33x355 10 — 446,669 8 6 9>173 6 — 5.150 1.000 4.000 1.000 5.000 5.000 2.000 1,500 471 47l 47-1 47 4/1 47l 4/1 48 2426 18 9 47i -5 " ,910 477 2.381 .5 — 2.381 5 — 95 10 — ,718 2 6 _ 1 |i 111! 1 M 111111111111111 M 11111111111111 §1 M 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II $ 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 $ 1 1 1 1 > 1 . 1 , »« 2,406 3 — 478 15 — AM -1,04.5 — 1.830 18 ,9 3,400 1,000 111111111111111111 m^i 11111111111111111111111 i 1 1,649: 485

929,107 15 10 24,650 — 11,718 t6 3 12,100 — 5>7<5» 13 9 4 4°° — 2.134 j

4j

'th Year — The Annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of die National Debt — continued.

Martii.

A. 1790.

y,

1 1 i'i'oH'ei°'oi 1 n rn 11 i i'e'°i r)

| O uv N fi N O^N|.| »^van O I u o N rv O NO o

— 1- rt r\ r~r\ a h . O n M /N mm A vA n — O c ~. CO fl N "

3.

<s

s

o

g

o

h

o j o

N M

O

HH I I I H

I 2 N "'I 2 N

I 1 I 1

»A O 1A

— mN OO O O ^s »e> O O N O + - 0\0 O - O ^iOO - O

00 ur,\0 O O ON 00 - ^00 Np 00 - o roN teio O 00 O - "t'O O o . - w „ -

ON UN "i" N N N - ^co-t-rf-n^cON ~ ,y ro r N C-4 0 wnsO vO n rs

6 o n o o 6 o o o 6 o o o o o o o o o o o o o o" 2 o 6 o o o o o o o 6 o

..... N N N rS 1 t« tfl M f W M n N Oi C4# N ‘ "

vv w

Is . avo 4s O w'^NO

un o\ jo -r o z-' Q co

O O O O o

« W N N

N M N N N W

rt cl N

M M N N N W

O ' hOO O CO O O O M «/ ,

-f-oo to m rn

o o 6 6 6

M N N N C' *

00

‘O

Ca

V cCi

cu

e

u

‘u

Q.

vg 8 8. $

►< N N 4T <+ *

o o o o o o o

i O >o O xrs O

OpOOOONOOOOPOQOOOO

poop U oocoooo^oooo

- __ - OOOO-i-O'OOOOpOOOO

OOOO^OOOONOOf'^O-OOOOooOOOO

O inco CO -+- un O «o\o — oocoooo X 'la irt n O 'f va O O'OOOO ON O ^-voo voo oo O cl r>

_ d o o o o o o o o\ t> o' o o' oo" 6 o c> s

O O O O O O

" " o o o

o <

n w w n - o o o o o o o o 6 o o o o o 6 6 6

I I I I 1

I I

V©

I 1 I I I

O O '-r' O un

I I

I °

S3

M

| CO 1 I I M I M I - I N I - I I «> 1 I ' ' I S' I ° I 1 1 I I I I I j 1 I 1

rs

sO

co

CO

» a

VO

Os

'O

on

CO

-f

o

VO

o

un

I «rt »t+ f ».lj H« I ! ~1» I I -H I I H.0 I H,4 s- I I -to 1 MlM I ^!» M-f I r',-»4 I I I I I I I I

'S \fl 'vO N GO 00 OO OO 00 OO OO OO 00 CO Os O ON 1 1 1 1

Sd. ZL Zi. 'rf- -rf- -rt- ~l- +4- +

o

ON

CO

o

o

s § 8 8 8 8 8888888 o o so

1 § I § I S I 3 I S I SI I S I SI S I SI S I H I 2 I I 5 I ? ' ^1 S I I I I I I I I I I |

t

3

TJ

O

04

v2

a

1m

5

1

Ou

6

a

co

5

CL

u

11 I 2

II 1 I I I I

M N O ^r>0 J O

t-v

00

££ [ 1 1 S'5;^ SMI I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I

1 1 1 M Ooo 0 tr % 00 ^f- OS

2? i'ii ??

111

111 111 I I I

CO O lAtnO M (s ON N vfi x In r>- O C/N M ~.

WA M N 00 'O

r-x

OO

0,5 I 11 111 vtTrs'srm? I i M 111 I 11 I 11 i I i 11 111 i s *

1 1 IA IA IA IA UMA IA UN IA IA , lA IA IA LT\ W> ITS

| I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I II I o I O I I I I I |

1 1

1, 1

o 1 O

UN

N

00

OO

r i

Cv

Capital. — oooo o no Q o o o c o o 88 QOOOO O o oco , o o o o o o o Ul III! il-SP^HI&l 1 III Ml 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 U III - J NO NO N UN e N

Sums paid. i r i r 111111'0 ii'oiiiiii'oiit'iii'oii'oiiiii'°iiii 2-22|I^2|-'ft|2£- 2 2 I I |2|r^2]'22I I £| S^l o 1 1 ^^NfsionsiNMO «AVO OO - I |vft OO NO O Ooo ia + ONVO - t^OsO umi r^0 r^>sa r>^ vo -4- n r. — 1 % " ?"'3-s.^s3sSJS.s jooooj;V - 2'8 ^8 S'8 S'? 2 8 8 28 28 28 28 8‘§ ±^5 " + % ? tv VO OO Os N

u u CL 1

Capital. 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 § 8 8 8 8 8 8 C 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 3 8 8 8onnO^OO^s^O»2.| 1 O iaia5(X®<»« O^USN Hh o U 0^ unVO S3 ^O+OO UN ex Oci ro 1 1 ON N C>\'/Ncr>«vo (i o Ch o" Ch Q ^0° 2.2- S 2. °n 2_^ 2. S 2s 4- N in N

I1111111111I1M1111111H1HHHH1HHC.IC.HH11 1

Capital 1 I I I 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 111 1 1 1 VIII 1 1 1 1 1 1 111111 IHII O 8 N

Sums paid. p j j 1 l~l 1 1 1 1 l;l l[l 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 l»l af un On 'A 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 vO N CO vO rC.

:1 ' 3 C

S5

I 1 ~ I 11 I I I I & I I ? H 11 I I I I I 11 2> I I H I I I I I I H H 1 H I 1 H

g £. u 1 1|l 1 1 1 1 1 1§1 ifl 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 I 1|l11 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 11 1 1 11 1 1 11 0 o UN in

Sums paid. 1 1 1 1111 11 1111J11 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1111 111 11! 1 1-1 i 1 1 1 SO fn iv / O UN 1 UN O OO US

a

c

O

O

M.

oi

O.

e

S-

O

<S

u

I I I I I I I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I -1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I 1 I I I s 1 I II I I

11111111111111111111r1111111111111h111 h|ii111

1^^112

iT-iHfl I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I Ml

o N 1A O VO r^r-x' o ON ON C7\ ON

IIII

O Th N tN »A OS

N -« On N N — "

NC vr»

00

UN

ON

o'

Os

i , i i i i i i i II i i i i «ii r i i ,i r i i i i r i i i i i i i i i i i i 4

wt

t ( ( I 4 1 I 4 a > I 1 I I I 4 4 I 4 4 1 4 I I I 4 I I 4 1 1 ' I < > 1

° ||4l|4l| l||l 44||l ll|4llill»4l|

t= erSc^Q „ £

1 Casts t «

o

i> § [J .2 CQ I I I 4 1 I 4 I I I I t 4 I 4 4 t I 4 I I 4 4 4 4 I I I I I f I

" "n " !2 " ooe Oo©© oo©oo3of5<'3®0®0^o0'?009®®0900 oooo©

s -fl g t-SttflOflQQfiQQQ&OOQQOfiflfiftOflfiflfiOfififtflOfiafiQafinflaM

2] ON O c O 6 o

w ON J — I I-NI CO I 4 I I I I I I I I I I 4 4 I I I 4 I I p 4 I 4 I 4 I I I I II lllllal

o o o p O O o

hHHrhhhy i, i 14 1 1

1 4 4

4 111

I 4 4

4 14 1

114 1

o © o o

QP3Q

I I I I I I I I I 4 4 I

00

ON

(4 tn t^oo ON 6 ^vd N eoooo d\ O 4 cnv£) (s.H n 4-ob 6s 6 avO m lo^ysosu - - ' V^>Pn

<1

SALARIES:

D

(Q

f — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

o

Martii. A. 1799.

39 Geo. III. i ° Marti 235

Accounts pt e kilted.

Imports and

txpoits.

Sugar and Rum.

1

Jhw Materials . imported.

Ordered \That the said Account do lie upon the Table, The House being informed, that Mr. (from the founts

to be perused by the Members of the House. Exchequer) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, pre " e '

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their The House being informed that Mr. Irving (Inspec- Orders, for General of the Imports and Exports of Great Bri- An Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund,

tain) attended at the Door; he was called in; and; at the for the Year ended the 5 th Day of 1799, and un *

Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, also of the actual Payments thereout within the said An Account of the Value of all Imports into, and all Year, and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Exports from. Great Britain, for Twelve Years preceding Fund, as it flood on the 5 th Day of January 1799 (fub-the 5th of January 1799; distinguishing each Year; jedt to such Decrease in the Charge as may arite from and distinguishing the Value of British Produce and the Decrease in the Charges of Management of Stock Manufactures from the Value of Foreign Articles; purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the together with the Difference between the Official Value National Debt); distinguishing the Income applicable and the Declared Value of British Produce and Manu- to paying the Charge for Debt existing prior to the fastures exported in the Year ending the 5th of January Year 1793; and also the Income derived from the 1799, so far as the same can be ascertained: And also, Duties imposed in each subsequent Year, together with An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation the Charge created in each corresponding Year, and in Sugar and Rum imported into, and exported from, respect of vhat Sutns raised, or Bills funded, such Charge Great Britain, between the 5th Day of January 1798 and was created in each of the said Years: And also,

the 5th Day of January 1799; distinguishing the Places An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Permanent from whence the same have been imported; with the Taxes, for One Year, ending £th January 1798; dif- Taxes Amount of the Duties received, and the Drawbacks and tinguishingeach Quarter, and distinguishing the Duties Bounties paid thereon: And also, imposed in 1793, 1794. 1795, 796, and 1797: And

An Account of the Quantities of the principal also,

Articles, in the Nature of Raw Materials, imported into An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent J>. Great Britain, and retained therein, for Twelve Years Taxes, for One Year, ending 5th January 1799; distin-

preceding the 5th of January 1799; distinguishing each guishing each Quarter, and distinguishing the Duties Article and each Year. imposed in 1793, 1794 1795, 1796, 1797, and

And then he withdrew. 1798- .

And the Titles of the said Accounts Were read. And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other,

Papers of this Session.

1

Vol. 54.

To

23 6

Martii.

A. 1799

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens,

Ah ACCOUNT of the INCOME of the CONSOLIDATED FUND, for the Year and of the Future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it flood on the 5th Day of "January 1799 Stock purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt): Distinguishing the from the Duties imposed in each subsequent Year} together with the Charge created in each corresponding

INCOME.

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS, after deducing £. 116,676, 5/. 8 d. by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 15. to be carried to Account of Duties pro A° 1796, being the computed Annual Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar -

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES ....

By Act 34. Geo. III. Cap. 20, out of Excise Duty on Paper, A0 1794 in lieu of repealed, at £. 75,000 per Annum ——

III. Cap. 33. out of Excise Duty on Spirit Licences, A0 1794 in lieu of Duties then repealed, W £. 36,000 per Annum - - - . -

Brought to this Account.

}Bv Act 34 Geo. Duties then re

By Act 34 Gto.

Duties then re

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES ... .....-

A ' ‘

By Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 125. out of Stamp Duty on Hats, A0 1796, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £.9,479. 11/. per Annum - -

Brought to J By Act 3^ Geo. III. Cap. 28. out of Stamp Duty on Bills and Receipts, A° 1793 in lieu of this Account. 1 Duties then repealed, at £. ti 8,600 per Annum

By Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 52. out of Stamp Duty on Legacies, Atf 1796, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 41,079 per Annum

INCIDENTS:

Rcfcrved, by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18. out of Consolidated Letter Money, being the Average Annual Produce of that Duty prior to the Year 1795 ——

Consolidated Duties on Salt, A0. -

Reserved, by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 89. out of Consolidated Duty on Salt, A°. in lieu of the above Duties then repealed, at £. 406,220 per Annum ——

Duty on Houses and Windows, A° 1766 ——

Reserved, by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. out of Consolidated Duties on Houses and Windows,

A° 1798, in lieu of the above Duties then repealed, at 327,900 per Annum

Duty on Inhabited Houses, A° 1779 ——

Reserved, by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. out of Consolidated Duties on Inhabited Houses, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at^. 148,600 per Annum -

Duty on Male Servants, A° 1785 -

Reserved, by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Male Servants, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £. 93,000 per Annum ——

Duty on Horses, A°>785 ....

Reserved, by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Horses, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £. 106,000 per Annum - -

Duty on Four Wheeled Carriages, A0 1785 -

- - Two Wheeled D® ——

Reserved, by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Carnages, in lieu of the above Duties then repealed, at £. 200,000 per Annum

Seizures since 2$th October - - 1760 -

Profers - - - D® ..

Alum Mines ——

Compositions ——

Alienation Duty

6 d. Deduction on Pensions - -' 1 - D® - - on Salaries - -

Hawkers and Pedlars, A° -Hackney Coaches and Chairs - 1711 and 1784

Rent of a light House -Licences for felling Lottery Tickets *

on Shops -

Waggon

Carts -

Female Servant -

322,210 6 4s

101,555 — —

105,271 18

163,950 ... -v-

93,090 13 41

74.300 — —

57 774 4 10J

46,500 — —

82,097 2 %

53,000 — —

96,603 >5 6

29,508 4 ol

100,000 — —

1760

1760

1721

1758

1710

Arrears

for felling f Duty oi

£. s. d.

3,639,076 13 6

7,234,896 16 5!

75.000 — —

18.000 — —

1,026,604 14 5

Carried forward - - - £.

9 355 3 3 128,600 — — 60,742 6 2

410,556 —

413,765 6 4'

369,221 18 167,390 13 4J 104,274 4 10J 135 °97 2 — |

236,112 9 8 '

48,752 3 2

625 16 —

g(jO --

2 13 4

1,798 i9 4 50,640 — -68,565 5 4

4.954 3 6

2 2,100 -

6 13 4

910 6 1

72 1 3

2 16 — 16 1 —

48 2 2

14,228,148 18 10]

39 Geo. III. i° Martii.

and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

ended the 5th Day of January 1799; and also of the Actual Payments thereout, within the said Year; (subject to such Decrease in the Charge as may arise from the Decrease in the Charges of Management of Income applicable to paying the Charge for Debt existing prior to the Year 1793; and also the Income derived Year; And in relpetl of what Sums raised, or Bills funded, such Charge was created in each of the said Years.

CHARGE. I 1 I 1 Actual Payment out of 1 the 0>nfoPdated Fund, I in the Year ended 1 the 5th Day of January 7 9 9- Future Annual Charge upon the ConsolidJted Fund, as it stood on the 5th Day of January 1799.

EXCHEQUER: £ > / i-

Annuities for Long Terms, £. 14 per Cents. - - , 48,515 2 6 48 515 6

6,365 12 — 6,365 12 —;

----- -- - £. 3,700 per Week ----- - 31,830 6 8 31,830 6 8

1 1 1 1 > 0 0 t 1 1 1 24,724 11 6 24,724 11 6

U°7 - " - - 8,152 2 2 8,152 2 2

- - per 1 ft Act - - - 1708 ----- --- - 4,918 12 7 4,918 12 7

- - - id Act - - - 1708 - - - - 10'597 5 3 10,597 5 3

- - - 2 and 3 Lives - - - 1 8,195 12 — 8,195 12 —

12,318 5 — 12,318 5 —

----- --- - 1746 - 22 466 10 — 22,466 10 —

24,567 5 — 24,567 5 —

2,76913 — 2,769 13 —

>799 - 5>,74 18 7 5,174 18 7

- - with Benefit of Survivorship, A3 1766 - - - 540 540

1 42,861 i — I 42,862 1 —

SOUTH SEA COMPANY: On their present Capit.il of £. 24,065,084. 13. n£. - - - - 1 735-974 3 11 735.974 3 *

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE SOUTH SEA COMPANY Annuities on £. 1,919,600, at £. 3. per Cent. - ----- - - - . 58,371 6 9 58,369 1. 6

BANK OF ENGLAND: On their Capital of £.4,000,000 purchased of the South Sea Company, with^ Charges of Management - - - - 121,898 3 5 I 121,898 3 5

----- £. 500,000 for cancelling Exchequer Bills - - . - - . 15,000 — — I 15,000 — —

Annuities on£. 1,250,000 granted A® 1714 -- - - - At£ 3 per Cent. 37,500 — — 37,500 — —

1 ' *

- - - - £.1,750,000 - - A° 1719 - - - -. 52,500 — — 5^,500

- - - - £.3,200,000 - - A° 1743, with Charges of Management - per Ann. 1 100,000 — , — I ~ 100,000 —

- - - - £. 986,800 - - - A° 1746 - 1 9,604 — — I 29,604 — —

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND: Annuities on £. 107,399,696. 5. ij. Confclidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities — — — 3.-63,447 I M 3,263,066 15 — £

- - £.417540.073. 16. 4. Reduced £. 3 per Cent. Annuities . 1,260, S02 4 1 1,260,293 17 i£

- - - £.1,000,000 - - granted A° 1726 - - mm4 1 3°>4S° 30,450 —; —

- - - £.32,750,000 - Consolidated £. 4 per Cent. Annuities - - 1 324i5°9 7 — '3M»5°9 7"

- - - £. 17,869993. 9. 10. ConsolidatsJ £.5 perCent. Annuities - 901,541 3 5 }\ 901>54I 3 5f

- - - for 99-93-80-78 — 77-75! and 69I Years, granted Annis 1761 1782-1733-1784 and 1790 - - - — -1762-1780- I 712,668 it 6 i| 712,668 ix 6£

- - - for 10 Years, granted A° 1777 - - - 25,000 — — 25,000 — —

- . £cr 30 and 29 Years, granted 1778 and 1779, anc for l % i Years, lieu of Life Annuities at the Exchequer A° 1789 - A° 1790, in - - 423,039 5 9 1 423,039 5

; Carried so nvard £. \ ' 9>34^>3°3 >3 3 9>345>412 16 — f

v°l. 54. 3 P ( Continued)

237

i6 Martii. A. 1799.

Hhe Account of the Consolidated Fund,

— A

I N C O M "Q — continueh.

Brought forward - -

Arrears of 45

- 53

* 54

* 55

56

- ' 57

- - 58

- 59

- - 60

4'-

4'-

4' *

4/.

4'-

4/.

4/ *

4A

4/.

Aid 1781

- 1789

- 179°

- >79 *

- >79 *

- 1793

- 794

- 795

- 796'

Duty on Malt 1794

- D° - 1795

- D» - 1796

Money reserved for the Use of the Public in respect of the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the

Treasury, pursuant to Act 30t^ Geo. Hi....

Imprest Money repaid by the Executors of Richard Rigby ——

by Matthew Porfter, Commissary of Stores in the Leeward Islands

by Sir John Dalling, late Governor of Jamaica - -

by William Chinnery, Agent for New South Wales - -

by Thomas Bullock, Agent for Senegambia -

by Sir Thomas Shirley, for Contingent Expences at Dominica -

by Alexander Davison, Commissary to the Army under Earl Moira

by Henry Hughs, for printing the Journals of the House of Commons -

by General Woodley - - .

by the Executors of J. Durand, by Joseph White ..

by C. Harrison, on Account of General Hope - .

by T. Cotton, late Paymaster to American Loyalists ... by Thomas Buckholm, on Account of J# Buckholm, Commissary General in the Mediterranean ....

by William Macarmick, late Governor of Cape Breton ... by H. E. Fox, Administrator to Lord Holland, late Paymaster of His Majesty's Forces ——

by lieutenant Colonel Twi&, Commander of Engineers in Canada by Render Mason, Executor of Render Mason, Contraftor in East Florida ——

by Thomas Lewis, on Account of John Macombe, Esq; Treasurer to the Army under General Burgoyne - -

by Valentine Jones, Esq; Commissary General at the Leeward Blands by John Hatfell, Esq; ——

by Abraham Newland, Esq; Overplus of Interest received by the Bank on Exchequer Bills - ....

by Samuel Bean, Esq; Commissary to the Army in South America by William B. Clinton, Esq; Barrack Mailer at Plymouth by the Representatives of the Right Honourable George Grenville, Treasurer of the Navy - -

by John Charlton, Agent to a Corps of Invalids - "

D® -D# -D® -D® -D® -D# -D® -D° -D® -D® -D® -D® -

D® -

D° -

D® -

D® -

D -

D® -D° -D -

D -D® -D® -

D° -

Money paid by the Commissioners for the Sale of Dutch Property

7.182

710

6 —

4 8i

265 6 11

600 — — -38 4 9 6 8

4 9 14 — 11 4

466

9

45

27,630

D® - by Claude Scott, Esq; on Account of Corn fold for the Use of Government

D® by William Mitford, Esq; on Account of George Poyntz Ricketts, Esq; Governor of Barbadoes -

D by Stephen Davies, in Part of a Fine recovered in the Court of Exchequer

D® - by George Role, Esq; Inspector of Green Wax ——

D® - by Edward Roberts, Esq; being the Residue of Exchequer Fees.

D® - by the Right Honourable William Pitt, received from a Person unknown, on

Account of the Window Tax for Ten Years - - - .

D® - by Charles Townshend, Esq; for Interest on Tontine, A® 1789 -

D® - by John Newman, in Part of a Penalty of £. 8.

D® - by Brook Watson, Esq; on Account of Com, tec, for the Use of Government

3.371 9 9

1,700 — —

1,700 -

87 5 4i

5.000 -

1,015 19 6f

1.000 — —

40 1 7l

5.5oo -

19a 16 —

576 11 4

265 13 —

79 — 6

3,984 6 5

----- ---6

50.000 — —

75.000 -

393

5 1,796 — 29963 6

7 3

18 —

9l 4

220 11 —

67 — 37,5oo ——

TOTAL of INCOME applicable to paying the Charge for Debt exiting prior to the Year 1793

14,228,148 18

165,760 9 8|

2,475 4.4

4>334 19

156,78014 3

4,697,500 6 2}

39 GeO; III

i° Martiu 239

or the Year ended 5TH January 179

C H A R G E — continued. 1 Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended the 5th Day of Janutry 1799. Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, as it flood on the 5th Day of January 1799.

Brought forward - - £ ' d-9,346,3(33 13 3 £. s. d. 9 345412 16 —

For the Support of His Maj'efly's Household 898,000 — 898,000 — —

Edward Roberts, Esq; First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, on £. 6jo per Annum, formerly paid to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for Salaries to the Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, but now payable to him by Ad 23 Geo. III. Rs.

65O — 65O — —

Anne Cafs, late Office Keeper in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences - -- -- - 20 — — 20 *

The Judges of England and Wales, in Augmentation of their Salaries - 13 050 13,050 — —

Duke of Gloucester - - - - on his Annuity 8,000 — — 8,000 — —

Ditto - - on D° t - 9,000 — — 9,000 — — »

Duke of York - . - on D° - - 14,000 — — 14,000 — —

Dutcfiefs of York on her Annuity 4,006 4,oooo — —

Duke of Clarence - ---- on his Annuity 12,000 — — 12,000 — —

Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esq; - - - on D® 3,000 — — 3too — —

4,000 — — ' 4,000 — —

2,000 — — 2,000 — —

Lord Heathfield - - - - on D® 1,500 — — 1,500 — —

Lady Dorchester --i - -- - on her Annuity t,ooO — — 1,000 — —

7^000 — — 7,000 — —

300 — — 300 — —

300 — — 300 — —

Charles Harris, Esq; - on D° 200 — — 200 — —

Sir William Musgrave, Bart, one of the Commissioners for auditing the I on j)o 1,000 — 1,000 — —

Public Accounts - - - j

John Thomas Batt, Esq; another - - - on D° 1,000 — — 1,000 —

William Chamberlayne, Esq; another - > - - on D1 - 1,000 — — 1,000 — —

Sir John Dick, another - f» on D® 500 500 — —

John Martin Leake, Esq; another - on D® - - 500 — — I 1 0 0 in

Salaries to Clerks, and Contingencies in the Office of the said Commissioners ... 6,coo — — 6,000 — —

John Penn, Esq; of Stoke Pogis - - - - on his Annuity 3,000 — — 3,000 — —

Richard £enn, Esq; of Queen Anne Street ‘ - - - on D® 1,006 — — 1,000 — —

Matter of the Mint in England 13,800 — — 13,800 — —

Ditto - Scotland ----- ----- - 1,200 — — 1,200 — —

For the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in England and Scotland - «>33S >5 — 6.335 5 —

For the Sheriffs of England and Wales - 4^00 4,000

The Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, by Ad 26 Geo. III. 1,000,000 — — 1,000,000 — —

Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, for their Service in executing the Acts 29 and

30 Geo. III. for granting Annuities on Lives - -- -- - 880 — — 880 — —

INCIDENTAL CHARGES; The Usher of the Exchequer for Necessaries (applied to the several new Offices of the said

Exchequer - - i»7 —

George Atwood, Esq; Inspector of Tontine Certificates, to defray certain Efcpences attending the Execution of an Act 30 Geo. 1IL 700 — —

Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, to reimburse so much paid for Fees of various Natures at the Exchequer, Treasury, &c. in relation to his Account of the several Bank An-

890 10 6

Henry Addington, Esq; Speaker of the House of Commons, to complete £. 6,000 per Annum ,681 12 — . Uncertain.

John Reeves, Esq; Receiver of the Seven Public Offices of Police established pursuant to

Ad 32 Geo. 111. to pay the Salaries of Clerks, &Q. of the said Offices - The Clerk of the Hanaper - William James Cooke, Esq; and others. Clerks in the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills - -- -- - 11,800 — — .514 — 7 400 - —

TOTAL CHARGE upon the CONSOLIDATED FUND existing prior to the >1,363,648 11 —

Year 1793 11,385,246 11 Ilf

Vol. 54.

240 ro Martii, A. 1799.

'The Account of the Consolidated Fund,

I N C O M E — continued.

DUTIES pro A° 1793:

British Spirits, A0 1791 - -

Game Duty - - - - -

Surplus of Duty on Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid -

£. 10 per Cent on Assessed Taxes - - - 20,324. 19 61

Referred by Acts 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. out of Consolidated Duties, in lieu of the

above Duty then repealed, at £. 90,790 per Annum - - - 45,39; — —

D U T 1 E S pro A0 1794:

Sugar, A0 1791 ——

Foreign Spirits ——

British Spirits, A 1794 -

Foreign D® ——

Surplus of Duty on Spirit Licences at 5th April and jth July 1798, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid Glass ——

Bricks and Tiles (Customs) ——

D° - - - (Excise) - - - ,- '- - -

Paper - - - (Excise) after reserving the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid ——

D® - - - (Customs) ——

Slates and Stones -

Attornies Articles ——

DUTIES pro A° 1795:

British Spirits Foreign D Wines Sweets Cocoa ~ Stamps

Shjp Policies Hair Powder Certificate Receipts -Fruits, Silk, &c.

Coals -

Tea..... ——

Consolidated Letter Money, the computed Annual Increase of Revenue, by Reason of the Restriction of Franking per Act 35 Geo. Ill, - - . ——

Spirit Licences ——

5 DUTIES pro A® 1796: ' '

- < Horses used for Riding; &c. - . - - ... . 74,397 11 iof

Refefved by Act 38 Geo. ITT. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Rid-«... -ing, &c. in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £ 106,000. per Annum - - 33,000-

Tobacco - -

Horse Dealers Licences Wine (Excif,) -Wine (Customs) Sweets -

Surplus of Duty on Legacies, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid -

D° - - - - Hats, at 5th April, 5th July, and io:h October 1798, after refcrviRg D° -

a/. Duty on Horses used for Husbandry - - - - - - 56,403 9 3 \

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. but of Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Huf-

bandry, in lieu of the above Duty then. repealed, at £. 95,000 per Annum - 47,500 — — -

The Computed Annual Saving, by reducing the Allowance for Walk on Salt ——

Taken out of Consolidated Customs, bsing the computed Annual Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction on the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar -

Uogs - #.....44,178 it 7

Reserved by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Duty on Dogs, in lieu of the above Duty then

repealed, at £. 70,000 per Annum - - - -- - 30,887 4 2}

£ 10. per Cent, on Assessed Taxes ----- --- - 22,228 16 9}

Reserved by Ad ^8 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. out of Consolidated Duties, in lieu of the above.

Duty then repealed, at £. 80,190 per Annum - -- -- - 34,133 17 4'

£ . J.

88,943 ——

16,852 I 3

46,990 7 8

65.719 19 6J-

2,8 53J 8 5-2

377> 55 >7 if

131,650 — —

88.418 ——

126.796 — — 59.851 10 —

42,916 ——

60 15 2

44.529 ——

79 734 ——

7.185 6 1?

1 3.o63 3

19,126 I 4

890,595 13 31

89,037 ——

127,025 ——

397,299 ——

5,995 ——

22,723 — —

34 4 = 3 18 3 101,419 8 9

157,617 6

7>K° 3 106436 19 16,783 5

221,681 — —

40,000 — — 29,101 10 —

1,357,082 n 91

127.397 11 IO?

178,049 ——

1,322 3 8

99,8.7 ——

4S7.'83 3 7

6,200 — — 28,267 12 3

37.471 > 6

i°3 9°3 9 3l

32 OOOO — —

116,676 5 8

75,065 IJ 92 56,362 14 2

1.319.715 '7 9i

39 Geo. III. i° Martii. 241

for the Year ended 5TH January 1799 — continued.

C H A R G HL — continued, t 1 Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1799. Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, as it flood on the 5th Day of January 1799-

DEBT incurred in re(pe& of £.4,500,000 raised A0 1793. Annuities on £. 6,250,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, with Charges of Management - - £ ' 190,312 io — £. /. 190,312 IO — >

- at £. 1 per Cent, on Capitals funded (ince 5th January 1793, payable to the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt 62,500 — — - 62,500 — —

TOTAL CHARGE for Debt incurred in the Year 1793 - - - £ 252,812 10 — 252,812 10 —

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 11,000,000 raised A0 1794, and by reason of Navy and Victualling Bills made out before ill March 1793, being funded.

Annuities on £. 11,000,000 at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, with Charges of Management ----- - 334-95° t 334,950 — —

- - - on £.2,750,000 at £.4 per Cenfc added to £.4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, with D° - - - -- -- - f 111,237 IO 111,237 10 —

- - - for 661 Years, at 11/. 5 d. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities, with D° - -- - 63.49® 1 si 63.49® si

- - on £.1,926,525. 12/. $d. at £ 5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, on Account of Navy Bills, See. cancelled, with D° 97.193 4 4 97.>93 4 4

- - at £. 1 per Cent, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt 166,445 5 — 166,445 5 —

TOTAL CHANGE for Debt incurred in the Year 1794 - - £. 773 3 4 — 9i 773 3 4 — 9i

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 18,000,000, raised A® 1795, and by reason of Navy and Victualling Bills, made out before the 30th September 1793, being funded. Annuities on £.18,000,000 at £.3 perCent. added to £.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, with Charges of Management 548,100 — — 548,100 — —

- - - on £. 6,000,000 at £.4 per Cent, added to £.4 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, with D° - - - - . 242,700 — — V 242,700 — — .

- - - for 65 I Years at 9 s.6d. per Cent, added to Lpng Consolidated Bank Annuities, with D° - 86,461 17 6 86,461 17 6

- - - on £. 1,609,897. 1 jt. id.at £.5 per Cent, added to £.5 per Cent. Confo-dated Annuities, on Account of Navy Bills, &c. ‘cancelled, with D° 81,219 611 81,219 6 11

- - - at £. 1 per Cent, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Na- 268,933 19 6 268,933 19 6

TOTAL CHARGE for Debt incurred in the Year 1795 £ 1,127,415 311 1,227,415 311

DEBT incurred in respect of £.18,000,000 and £.7,500,000 rarfed A# 1796, and by reason of Navy Bills, &c. made out before the 30th September 1795, b«ng funded.

.Annuities on £. 21,595,800 at f. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3. per Cent. I Consolidated Annuities, with Charges of Management - 657,592 2 2 657,592 2 a

£. 18,000,000 } ' ' °nD^4-^<:>-oooo at £.3per Cent, added to £. 3 perCent. ‘ raised A» 1796. j Reduced Annuities, wall D® ..... 137,025 137,025

( - for 64^ Years at 6 s. 6d. per Cent, added to Long Consoli-' dated Bank Annuities, with D - 59,158 2 6 59,158 2 6

/Annuities on £.8,934,200 at £.3 per Cent, added to £.3 per Cent. \ Consolidated Annuities, with Charges of Management - - 272,046 7 9I 272,046 7 9i

r-rrLoooo < T on £}-859 625 at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent, raffed A°°i 796.,) Reduced Annuities, with D« - 56,625 11 7 56,625 11 7

I . - for 63I Years at 5 /. 6d. added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities, with D° - - - 20,813 18 6 20,813 18 6

Annuities on £.4.414,074. 4/. 6d. at £.5 per Cent, added to £.5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, on Account of Navy Bills, &c. cancelled ----- --- 2,2,690 — 10 222,690 —

- at £. 1 per Cent, en the above Sujns, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt 424,421 19 10 424,421 19 JO

TOTAL CHARGE for Debt incurred in the Year 1796 - - - £. 1.850,373 3 3 1,850373 3 3

VOL. <4. 3 OL (Continued)

24'2

i° Martii. A. 1799-

Vhe Account of the Consolidated Fund,

I N C O M E — continued\

DUTIES pro A0 1797.

Pepper ——

£. 20 per Cent. ——

British Spirits ——

Foreign D° ——

Auctions ——

Deeds - - - - . ——

Cocoa ——

Arrears of Clocks and Watches ——

Stage Coaches - - -- -- - - -r ——

S'igar ——

Bricks ——

Tea- ——

Spirit Licences by Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 17. ——

D° - - - - Cap. 102. ....

Plate - - - - ....

Surplus of l etter Money, after reserving thcfeveral Sums of £.410,556 and £.40,000 per Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18 -£. 20 per Cent, on AlIelTed Taxes - -- - 153 915 — —

Surplus of D° after reserving the Sums as directed by Acts 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. - - 74 327 10 io|

Duty on Horses used for Riding, &c. - - - .- - 2,980 — —

Surplus of Consolidated Du:ies on Horses used for Riding, Sec. after reserving the several Sums as dinded by Ad 38 Geo. 111. Cap. 41. ----- --- - 13,261 16 \

3 s. Duty on Horses used for Husbandry -

Surplus of Cunfoi idated Duties on Horses used for Husbandry, after reserving the Sum as directed by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. ——

Duty on Jioufes and W:ndows, by Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 40. ----- -- 35,620 — —

Surplus of Consolidated Duties on Houses and Windows, after reserving the Sum as directed by

Ait 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. - -- - - -- -- - 220,382 12 8£

Surplus of Consolidated Duties on Inhabited Houses, after reserving the Sum directed by Ad

38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. ——

Duty on Male Servants by Ad 37 Geo. III. - - - - S>23° " —

Surplus of Consolidated Duties on Male Servants, after reserving the Sum directed ijy Ad

38 Geo. III. Cap. 41.....8,340 10 3

57 540 ——

50,895 — 'i

£ /. d.

124,292 4 Sz

91,664 — —

126,874 — —

46.913 — —

573>z49 15 — J

5 433 — —

3S 42° — —

54-341 8 IO

384-75i IO 4

23492 — —

261,680 — —

101,906 — —

13,250 —

3

215,444

3 41

j£.

Money paid by Messieurs Puget and Bainbridge, Interest, See. on Account of £. Ljoo, oooo advanced to the Government of Ireland, by Ad 37 Geo. III. - - -' - r - - - - -

228,242 IO lo£ 15,241 16 2i 108,435 —

256,002 12 8i

4,582 10 7i

13 57° 1° 3

2,684,789 2 9i

116,012 4 8

2,800,801 7 5i

D UTI E S pro A0 1798:

Duty on Salt ——

Surplus of Duties on Salt from 10th October 1798, after reserving the Sum directed by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 89.

100,429 12 8

102,895 15 4f

Armorial Bearings Tea - -

Spirit Licences -

Money paid by Messieurs Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, &c. on Account of £. 2,000,000 advanced to the Government of Ireland, by Ad 38 Geo. III....

N. 2?. — In the foregoing Account, where any of the Sums directed to be set apart exceed the Average Estimate, the Surplus is to make good former Deficiencies; and where less, the whole Produce if applied.

£ ' *

203,32 5 8 — f

20,585 ——

78,329 ——

1,500 — —

303,739 8 — J

120,730 16 8

4 4 47° 4 H

i ° Martiu

243

39 Geo. III.

For the Year ended 5TH January 1799 — continued\

C H A R G continued

DEBT incurred in respect of £.14,500,000, and £. iS,oooo, oooo raised A0 1797, and by reason of Navy Bills and Exchequer Bills being funded.

' Annuities on £.18,125,000, at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, with Charges of Management -»

on £ 7,250,00°, at £.3 perCent. added to £. 3 per Cent. Reduced

Annuities, with D° - - .

on £.2 900,000, at £.4 per Cent, added to £.4 per Cent. Consoli-

dated Annuities, with D°- - .

- for 621' Years, at 6 s. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities, with D° ——

By

£.14,300,000 {

raised A°I79

By Navy Bills funded.

By

ExchequerBiils funded.

r q nno,) Annuities on £. 20,124,843. 15/. at £. 5 per Cent, added to £. 5 per Cent, raised A° 17 7 ? ^0Q^^atec^ Annuities, with Charges of Management T

Annuities on £.16,438,175. 5/. at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills funded, with Charges of Management ——

- - on £.764,861. 5/. 10^. at £.4 per Cent, added to £.4 perCent.

Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills funded, with D° - - - -

- on £.2,034,889. nr. 1 d. at £. 5 per Cent, added to£.5 per Cent.

Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Navy Bills funded, with -

Annuities on £.1,999.699. 4/. 4d. at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent.

Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Exchequer Bills funded, with Charges of Management -

- - on £.104,432. 5/. 8 d. at £.4 per Cent, added to £.4 per Cent.

Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Exchequer Bills funded, with D® ——

- on £,270,202. 4/. % d. at £.5 per Cent, added to £.5 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, created on Account of Exchequer Bills funded, with DQ ——

\ Annuities failed A° 1797. £

Annuities at £. j per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt f ....

TOTAL CHARGE for Debt incurred in the Year 1797 - £.

N. 2?. — 'The Excess of £. 419,300. 4/. 8 d. in the actual Payments ubove the future Charge, arii'es from such of the Contributors to Loans 1797, as did not complete their whole Payments before 10th October 1797, not being entitled to their Dividends upon the same till 5th April 1798.

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 17,000,000, raised A0 1798:

Annuities on £. 13,500,000 at£.3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities (in respect of £.9,000,000, Part of £. 17,000,000) with Charges of Management -

- - on £. 4,500,000 at £. 3 per Cent, added to £. 3 per Cent. Reduced

Annuities (in respect of the said £.9,000,000) with D®

- - for 61 J Years, at 4/. \\d. per Cent, added to Long Consolidated

Bank Annuities, with D° ——

- - at £.1 per Cent, on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt -

By £ 9,000,000, Part of £.17,000,000

raised A0 1798.

Py £. 8 000,000,

part of the above! £.17 000,000,

Annuities on £. 12,000,000 at £.3 per Cent.added to£.3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities (in respect of £. 8,000.000, Remainder of the said £. 17,000,000) with Charges of Management -

- on £.4,000,000 at £.3 per Cent, added to

£. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities (in respect of the said £. 8,000,oao) with Charges of Management -

- - for 611 Years, at 4/. 11 d. pe> Cent, added to

Long Consolidated Bank Annuities, with

£> - »>444 4 7i

- 360,000 — —

50,242 18 10

TOTAL CHAGRE for Debt incurred in the Year 1798

Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1799. Future Annual Chargi noon the Consolidated Fund, as it flood on the 5th Day of January 1 79 9 *

£ ' d. £ >

560,062 10 — Ssi,906 5

249,022 7 11 220,762 10 — »

138,652 4 5 117.30s

51,074 8 9 43,989 7 6

500,376 9 1 500,542 . 8 9I

31,328 12 8 30,961 10 10

102,660 3 6 102,660 3 6

69,890 16 g\ 60,890 16 91

4 5 7 4 24 5 *

13.63114 — 13.63114 —

1,368,702 19 1,015,298 7 4

706,055 15 706,046 13 7

3,786,729 7 8 3,367,429 3 —

405,000 ——

56,523 6 2

9 499 lS 2l 91,440 — —

418,687 3 si

981,150 4 9!

ft. B. — The federal Sums incurred in respect of £. 8,000,000, raised as above-mentioned, m king together £. 418,687. 3/. 5\d. were chargeable upon Monies arising by Two several Atts 38 Geo. III. viz. Cap. 16. for raising an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and Cap. 76. for imposing a Duty upon Goods and Shipping; but having been satisfied out of the Consolidated Fund, a like Sum will be replaced to the said Fund at 5 th of April 1799, out of the Monies above-mentioned, and the Charge is from thenceforth provided for by Ad 39 Gtq. 111. Cap. 13. for granting certain Duties upon Income. r

VOL. 54.

406,075 — — .

137,025 ----- --(

22.J73 18 if

182,880 — —

748.353 >8 if

( Coniiwd,)

244 l0 Marti . A. 1799.

39 Geo. IIL

Martii.

245

for the Year ended 5TH January i 7 99 —

TOTALS or CHARGE.

j Total Charge upon the Consolidated Fund existing prior to the Year 1793 - -

I Total Charge for Interest, Management, and £. 1 per Cent, of Debt incurred - A 1793 -

ID v - - - - D° - . - - - - -j 1794 *

D° - - D° - 1795 -

|D° - - - . D°.....1796 *

I D° - - - D° - . - - - - 1797 -

D° - D® - - - m 179® *

I To pay off aftd cancel Exchequer Bills made forth for the Relief of the Grenada Merchants, &c. ——

I Thomas Marsham, Esq; Secretary to the Commissioners for issuing the said Exchequer Bills, for defraying necessary Expences - ' ——

ADDITIONAL CHARGES, for which no additional Provision

has been made.

| His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, on His Annuity of £.65,000, granted by Act 35 Geo. III. -

I John Earl of St. Vincent, on D° £. 2,000, granted by Act 38 Geo. III. - -

1 Adam Lord Viscount Duncan, on a like Annuity, granted by D° - »

Horatio Baron Nelson, on a like Annuity, granted by Act 39 Geo. III.

CONDITIONAL CHARGE, for which no additional Provision

has been made.

Annuity on £.3,833,333. 6 s. 8 at £. 3 perCent. created by an Act 35 Geo. III. by reason of £. 4,600,000, advanced to the Emperor of Germany, his Imperial Majesty having neglected to make Provision for Payment of the said Annuities, they are by the said Act payable out of the Consolidated Fund, with Charges of Management -

Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1799.

£ ' d.

11.385,246 11 iif

252,812 10

773-3 4 — 9i 1,227,415 3 11 1.850,373 3 3 3,78 6,729 7 8 981,150 4 9f

20,257,051 2 4f

4 754 >4 6

1,000 — —

20,262,8.5 16 10 f

Created A 1795.

Created

A° 1797-

Annuity for 25 Years, created by the said Act, with Charges of Management ——

- Annuity on £. 3,669,300 at £. 3 per Cent, created by Act 37 Geo. III. by reason of £. 1,620,000 advanced to the Emperor of Germany, his Imperial Majesty having neglected to make Provision for Payment of the said Annuities, they are by the said Act payable out of the Consolidated Fund, with Charges of Management

Annuity at £. 1. per Cent, on the above Sums payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt

TOTAL of the actual Payment out of, and future Annual Charge upon, the Consolidated Fund, for the Year ended 5 th January 1799 -«♦--£.

65,000 — —

3.777 '5 6.i

.494 5 — 1

860 16 6

20,334,93813 nf

116,725 — —

231,58710 —

111,714 11 6\

36,693 ——

20,832,658 15

Future Annual Charge

upon the Consolidated Fund as it (food on the 5th Day of January 1 7 9 9 *

£ ' d-11,363,648 n — f

252,812 10 —

773.3 4 — 9 f 1,227415 3 11 .850.373, 3

3.3674 9 3 —

748.353 18 if

19.583,356 10 1 f

Uncertain *

19.583,35610 1 f

65,000 — — *

2.000 — —

2.000 — —

2.000 — —

19,654-356 ° £

Uncertain.

19,654,356 10 1 {

Exchequer, the ill Day ot March 1799.

JAMES FISHER *

V o l. 54„

To

ie

246

i° Martii

A. 1799.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament ademblecl;

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes, for One Year, ending 5th January 1798: Distinguishing each Quarter; and distinguishing the Duties imposed in 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, and 1797.

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS after deduaing £. 29,169. is. 5 /.'.by Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 15. to be carried to Account of Duties pro A° 1796, being the computed Quarterly Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar -

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES -

Brought this Account

J

unt

By A d 34 Geo. III. Cap. 20. out of Excise . Duty on Paper, A0 1794, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 18,750, per Quarter

By A d 34 Geo. IIL Cap. 33. but of Excise Duty on Spirit Licences, A° 1794, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 9,000, per Quarter ——

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES - -

By Ad 36 Geo. III. Cap. 125. out of Stamp Duty on Hats, A0 1796, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £.2 369. 17^. yd. per Quarter

By Ad 34 Geo. III. Cap. 33. out of Stamp Brought ta/ Duty on Bills and Receipts, A° 1794 in this Account lieu of Duties then repealed, at £.32 150,

per Quarter - -

By Ad 36 Geo. III. Cap. 52. out of Stamp Duty on Legacies, A0 1796, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at jT. 10,269. 15/. per Quarter

INCIDENTS:

Consolidated Letter Money, being the Annual Average Pro duce of the Duty prior to the Year 1795

Consolidated Salt, A° 1760 -

Seizures - - - D°

Prose>s - - - - D°

Alum Mines - - D° -

Compositions - - D°

Rent of ft Light House D°

6d. Deduction on PenBons, A0 1721

I/. - - D® - on Salaries - - 1758

Houses and Windows - - - 1766

Inhabited Houses - - - - 1779

Hawkers and Pedlars - - 1710

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1711 and 1784

1785

D *

D *

D°

D°

DV

D°

Male Servants ——

Horses ——

Four Wheeled Carriages - - -Two Wheeled - D° -

{Female Servants - -Waggons - -

Carts ----- First Fruits of the Clergy -

Tenths of - - D°

Alienation Duty

Lottery Licences -

In the QUARTERS ended

5th April 1797 *

£. t. J.

658,189 15 af

1,440,93 s 10 lof 18,750 — —

270,76a — —

4.837 13 3

32,150 ——

S»3 9 ——

2,430,943 19 4

102,639 — — 82,607 15 7

3,173 11 8

22 l8 —

480 ——

3 4

9,000 — —

3.500 -

53 555 7 4$ 30,379 10 2 1,320 — —

5.500 -

3-4°5 >3 . 1

13,187 12

3 359 «' 5 759 9 4 15 —

io 16 —

1 18 —

7

5

5th Jolt . 1797-

347.909 *

.....y

£ ' 252,038 2 6

,95 364 18 — 4 18,750 — —

30,500 — —

279,990 — —

2,369 17 9

32,150 ——

13.855 — —

2,582,017 18 3

102 639 — — 86,378 11 uf 8,458 10 6f 307 — —

6 13 4 10,000 — — 10,534 14 6 127,511 — f 53,891 6 6}

720 — — -

5,800 ——

37,610 10 3f 37,876 15 6f 51,614 I IO 21,807 13 4i

3 12 6 2 16 3

3.833 9 7f 9,862 5 8f

1,721 8 8

IOtb OcTOBEB

1 7 97 *

1,269,335 14 8 1.748,095 3 9

18,750 ——

9,000 --- —

307,187 19 10

2,369 ,7 9

32,150 — —

It.463 18 IO

570,580 — IO

3»399'352 H J©

102,639 — — . 100,383 15 7

L7°4 l7 3 283 12 6 480 — —

12,000 — —

7.000 — —

32,846 19 6}

34,863 19 3>

2,125 ——

7.000 -

13,718 19 9|

4.5 3 8 ji

30,781 17 41

6 292 14

9 1 3 28 2 —

9 12 —

366,690 19 3

In the YEAR

\ ended

5th JanuaRT 5th January

1798. 79

£ '

780,582 13 iof 2,960,146 6 3

1,873,610 9 2f 7,015,006k 1 10J

18,750 — 75,000 —

9,coo — — 48,500 — —

283,969 — 1,141,908 19 10

2,369 17 9 11,947 6 6

32,150 — — 128,600 —

13,094 44,731 18 10

3,013,526 — 10 .11,425,840 13

102,639 — — 410,556

124,491 13 8 393.861 16 9 *

10,148 12 8 23,485 12 if

IO — — 623 io 6

— — 960 — —

— 6 8 I IO —

— — 6 3 4

18,693 — 49,693

12,988 11 4f 34,023 5 lof

98.352 4 lof 312,265 ir uf

41,695 7 10 160,830 3 iof

1,365 5,530 — —

5,700 — — 24,000 — —

31,422 — 1 96» 57 3 3i

38,322 5 8f 03,910 2 3f

48,246 19 — f 54,ooi 19 5f

5 3 9 H 49 79 8 8f

— " 13 16 3

" — 43 10 6

14 6 3

— — 3 833 9 7i

— 9,86a 5 8f

— — .7 8 8

2»433 3 6 >433 3 6

551.8-7 7 / — . v 1,837,007 8 9

( Continued.)

39 Geo. Ill

i° Martii.

447

( Continued.)

DUTIES PRO A 1793 *

British Spirits, A° 1791 ——

Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid -

Game Duty ——

£. 10 per Cent, on Affcfled Taxes -

In the QJU AR T E R S coded

DUTIES PRO A9 1794:

Sugar, A° 1791 ——

Foreign Spirits, 1791

British Spirits, 1794 - -

Foreign D° ——

Spirit Licences, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid -

Glass - - .

Bricks and Tiles (Customs) -D° - - (Excise) - - „- - -

aper - - - (Excise), after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid D° - - - (Customs) ——

Slates and Stones ——

Attornies Articles ——

DUTIES PROAft 1795:

British Spirits ——

Foreign D® ----- -a--

Wines.....- - -

Sweets - -- w- -

Cocoa, See. - - '

Stamps ——

Ship Policies - -

Hair Powder Certificates -

Receipts - -

Fruits - -

Coals ——

Tea....

Consolidated Letter Money, being the computed Quarterly Increase of Revenue, by reason of the Rcfiri&ion of franking per Act 35 Geo. III. -

c

DUTIES PRO A8 17 96:

Horses ——

Tobacco - -

Horse Dealers Licences - -' - ‘ -

Wine (Excise) - -

D° (Customs) -

Sweets -

Legacies, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid -Hats - - - D3 - - - D°

s. Additional Duty on Horses....

Dags....

£ 10 per Cent, on Assessed Taxes -

The computed Saving, by reducing the Allowance for the Waste on Salt.

Taken out of Consolidated Customs, being the computed Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction on the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar - , -

Vox.. 54.

n

5th April 1797.

35>3 ——

5,046 — — 7,458 — — 8,225 4 9 *

56.040. 4 9i

11.004 2 7,

27 9 4 ——

36,002 — — -

30.5 >5 -

>3.5 5 ——

6,768 — — 19,092 — —

1,842 — 10 3,861 — —

50>5 9 3 5

36249 ——

29,052 — 61,729 — —

9-9 ——

5,592 ——

10,023 — —

19,297 ——

6,747 — — 1,660 — — 12,409 5 9

756 18 3

1,812 ——

10,000 — —

197/156 4 —

4,230 ——

277 ——

»555 ——

49,860 7 6

957 ——

13,978 6 9

4,520 ——

1,525 ——

8,517 8 6; 8,000 — —

29,169 i 5

163,100 4 2}

5th July 79 7-

£ /. <t. 22,300 — —

3,637 ——

2,177 ——

43,089 16 6 *

71,203 16 6f

4.924 8 10

39,5,7 ——

23U47 ——

29,512 ——

9,510 ——

54 —

940 ——

i6.997 — —

2,183 7 — f

3.III l6 lof 4.095 — ‘ —

134,231 13 2f

23,651 ---- —

29,364 ——

32,945 ——

,673 ——

4,920 ——

11,102 --- —

26,021 --- —

83,295 — —

1,272 ——

20,909 16 IO

4-354 6 8f

98.643 ——

10,000 — —

348,150 3 6i

33,635 _ —

39,968 ——

221 — — 98,109 — — 70,329 l6 ll| 1,729 ——

8,551 2

35 595 — *

29,9 7° ——

45>7 3 61

8,000 — —

29,169 1 5

400,990 12 2

lOtfa OcTOBM

1 7 97 *

£. s. d. 4,799 ——

42,036 8 — 4,055 15 — 16,324 4 7

67,215 7 7

125,484 2 ti

3.592 —

4,090 —

23,327 —

35,000 — 12,064 — — 100 18 4

14,943 —

21,243 ——

1,015 5 8

4,000 3

6,2l6 — IO

27 .075 0 Ilf

5th January 1798.

£ 4

14.042 ——

2,273 ——

8,795 ~ ~

5.87o 3 3!

50,980 3 3

72,292 15 lof

34,897 ——

14,140 — — 38,552 ——

62,361 5 —

10,709 ——

ie6 14 1

24,982 — —

23,688 — —

1,570 11 8f 3,820 13 5!

2,897 ——

290,017 — if

3,241 ——

24,914 ——

94,529 ——

2,361 ——

5.367 ——

13,128 8 2 7,833 87,068

.57 *

* , 895

5.3 *

6i,3S7 ——

14 6

3 '7 6 9

5 4 12 nf

10,000 — —

359o"88 1 3f

13.281 ----- -.

38,214 ——

53.53 ——

473 ——

> 6,412 — —

6,766 ——

20,814 — — . 10,184 -

L435 -

43,717 12 —

3,583 *

37,168 5 2

10,000 — —

245.580 8 3

12,100 — —

37.469 ——

327 11 9

3,124 ——

71,405 7\ ,444 ——

26,881 19 —

7,850 ——

8,450 ——

20,050 4 9

8,000 — —

29.169

227,271 9 6f

3 -58S 3 7

5 ,3°7 ——

322 — —

94,548 ——

99,257 — 8f

_49° ——

3.945 3

27,264 8 11

22,796 15 5f 24,575 1 ioi

8,000 — —

29,169 1 5

393,259 14 3

the YEAR ended 5th January

79 >

£' d 76,452 ——

52,992 8 — 22,485 15 — 93.509 9 af

45439 £

13.705 10 2f 125,920 — —

77.479 — —

121,906 — _

97,36 5 —

45,808 — — 361 12 1of

47.633 ——

81,020 — —

4-775 4 5 2,814 4 4f

17,069 — 10

.845.853 7 Sf

76,422 — —

21,544 ——

242,735 ——

5,436 ——

22,291 — — 4 .9 9 8 2 93.965 4 6 187,294 13 7

6,938 6 9

9893 9 11 14,016 9 — 198,980 5 2

40,000 — —

50474 7 *

81,550 3 166,255 —

1,147 *

98,336 — 290.852 17 5,620 —

9 i

53.356 IO 3 75,229 8 11 62,741 15 98,856 6 9!

32/500 — —

116,676 5 8

1,184,622 — 2f

( Continued)

V

248 i° Martii. A. 1799 *

In the QUARTERS ended In the YEAR

ended

( Continued.) i 5th April 1 7 9 7« i jth July 7 97 loth Ocroiti 797- 5th January 1798. . ' 5th January 1798.

DUTIES PRO A° 1797 £. s. d. £. £ d. £. s. d. £. /. d.

Clocks and Watches - — — 300 300 — — \

Pepper ----- ---- — — — — 19,301 18 3 38,745 14 ii| 58,047 13 af

£. zo per Cent, on Assessed Taxes - — 2,000 — 43,620 — — 45,620 — —

British Spirits ----- -- 31.831 — -r 23,466 4481 — 12,476 72,254 *

Foreign D° - - - - 23,958 21,906 — — 23 >7 9° — ' 37,671 107,325

Audi ions - -- -- - 2,24a — 9 445 10,118 — 11,591 33 39®

Deeds - 14.853 20,975 108,467 15 6 105,086 — — 249,381 15 6

Cocoa, See. - - - i»3i4 651 874 — 1,513 4,352 — —

£. 5. per Cent. Customs - - - 500 — 6 - — 500 — 6

Stage Coaches ----- -- 3.07s — 10,878 — — 14,041 a 8 9,549 37,543 2 8

Sugar - - - - S»°93 4 8f 24,653 10 10 120454 l7 2| 121,444 11 8 271,646 14 $

271 7,702 — — 12,972 20,945 —

Tea t 7,3 9 4 >939 — — 76,789 9 8 236,047 9 8

Surplus of Consolidated Letter Money, after reserving the several Sums ofj£. 410,556, and £.40,000, pursuant to Act

35 Geo. III. ----- -- 12,361 — — - 33,361 38,361 — — 48,361 — — 132,444

Houses ----- ---- - — — 600 — — 600 — —

Horses ----- ---- - _ — — — . — — 600 — — 600 — —

i- 95,227 1 s 2\ 262,925 10 10 39«.530 13 7f 521,318 16 31 1,271,002 IJ Il£

TOTAL of CUSTOMS, EXCISE, and STAMPS 2.430.943 9 4 v 1 — 2,582,017 18 3J 3.399,352 14 10,) 3,013,526 — 10 11,425,84 13 3J

D - - INCIDENTS - 347,909 1 6 570,580 — 10 366,690 19 3 551,827 7 2 1,837,007 8 9

D° - DUTIES pro A° 1793 - {6,040 4 9J 71,203 16 6| 67,215 7 7 50,980 3 31 245439 12 2$

D° - - D° - - - - 1794 - «So,529 3 5 I34 23i 3 1 271,075 10 nf 290,017 — if 845.853 7 8f

D - - D® - - 1795 - 197,156 4 — 348,150 3 6\ 359,588 1 3i 245,580 8 3 1,150,474 17 1

D° - - D° - - - - 1796 - 163,100 4 2} 400,990 12 2| 227,271 9 6f 393,259 14 3 1,184,622 — 2j

D - - D° - - - - 1797 - 95,227 15 2 262,925 IO IO 39«.530 13 7» 521,318 16 3f 1,271,062 IS Il£

« £ 3,440,906 12 $1 4,370,099 15 5 5,082,724 17 I 5,066,509 10 17,960,240 15 2j

Memora nr> u m:

In the above Account, where any of the Sums directed to be set apart exceed the Average Quarterly Estimate, the Surplus if to make good former Deficiencies; and where less, the whole Produce is applied.

Exchequer, iff March 1799. JAMES FISHER.

- To

39 Geo. III.

i° Mdrtii.

249

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all the Perm anent Taxes, for One Year, ending 5th 1799: Distinguishing

each Quarter; and distinguishing the Duties imposed in 1793, 1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, and 1798.

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS, after deducing £.29.169. i/. 5 ci % by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 15. to be carried to Account of Duties pro A0 1796, being the computed Quarterly Saving to the Public on Account of the Reduction in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar -

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES ..

f Ey Act 34 Geo. III. Cap. 20. out of Excise Duty j on Paper A° 1794, in lieu of Duties then re-Brought to / pealed, at £. 18,750 per Quarter -this AccountS By Act 34 Gee. 111. Cap. 33. out of Excise Duty 1 on Spirit Licences, A° 1794, in lieu of Duties £ then repealed, at £. 9,000, per Quarter

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES

Brought to tliL Account

By Act 36 Geo. III. Cap. 123. out of Stamp Duty on Hats, A0 1796, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £.2.369. 17/. gd. per Quarter By Act 34. Geo. Ii 1. Cap. 33. out of Stamp Duty on Bills and Receipts, A0 1794. n ^lcu of Duties then repealed, at £.150 per Quarter- - ....

By Act 36 Geo. II I. Cap. 52. out of Stamp Duty on Legacies, A° 1796, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £'.10,269. 15/. per Quarter

INCIDENTS:

Reserved by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. iS. out of Consolidated Letter Money, being the Average Annual Produce of that Duty prior to the Year 179$ ——

Consolidhted Duties on Salt ——

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 89. out of Consolidated Duty on Salt, in lieu of the above Duties then repealed, at i01,535, per Quarter - -

Houses and Windows, A0 1766 ——

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. out of Consolidated Duties oiji Houses and Windows, A0 1798, in lieu of the above Duties then repealed, at £-81,975, per Quarter Inhabited Houses, A° 1779 ——

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. out of Consolidated Duty on Inhabited Houses, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £.37,130, per Quarter - -

Male Servants, A0 1785 -

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Male Servants, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £.23,250, per Quarter - -

Hories, A0 17^5 -

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Horses, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £.26,500, per Quarter Four Wheeled Carriages - -

Two Wheeled - D° -

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Carriages, in lL»u of the above Duties then repealed, at £.50,000, per Quarter - \ -

Seizures -

Prefers -

Alum Mines ——

Compositions ——

Alienation Duty ——

6i. Dcd 11st ion on Pen Hons ---«

1/. - D° - on Salaries ——

Hawkers and Pedlars ——

Hackney Coache; and Chairs ——

Lottery Licences ——

Rent of a Light rloufe ——

First Fruits of the Clergy ——

lentils of - - Dh -

f Shops ——

Arrears of \ W aggons ——

Jpuiy on J Carts ——

{Female Servant# - -

In the QJJ ARTE R S Ended

f )

5th April 5th J U L T 10th OctoHji 5th J A N V A R Y

1798. 1798. 1798. 1 7 9 9 *

£ ' £. s. J. £ ' d. £ ' d.

543,824 5 9 414,289 2 7 1,684,714 14 3 1,025,142 13 10'

1,650,654 9 3! 2,009.748 4 51 1,833,154 12 2»- I«76l>339 10

18,750 18,750 — — 18,750 18,750

9,000 - — — 9,000 - —

229,696 — — 230.841 — — 285,850 4 S 280,217 10 —

3,369 17 9 2,369 >7 9 2,369 17 9 2,246 — —

3 .,50 32,150 32,150 32,150

21,431 18,771 16 2 10,269 15 — 10,269 15 —

2,487.875 12 9! 2.735.92° — iif 3.867,259 3 7i 3,130,115 9 4!

102,639 — — 101,639 — — 102,639 — 102,639 —

12 1,696 — 3 120,640 l8 4 79>873 7 9i

— _ MM --- . 101,555

65462 4 9j 141,700 6 5I " — — mmm

mm mm MM 60,737 6 2{ 103,212 13

26,983 5 IO 66,107 7 6.a MM MM " *

MM MM — aw 37 ,50 37,150

I8,3j6 IO 39,812 19 7

MM - , 23,250 — — 23,250

11,308 10 10J 51.389 4 io|

- 26,500 — — 26,500 — —

21,685 7 5 75.374 — 9 ——

5,«4° >S 9i 4>367 18 4 *

- __ — — 35, S>7 5 4 64,482 14 7i

12,884 9 4 3>592 — 11 12,525 12 II 9-750

26 15 II 49i 13 4 93 19 — 3 7 9

48O — MM 480 — — MM —

2 6 8 — — — 6 8 —

1,798 19 4 ——

I 3,000 — — 11,000 — 10,000 — l6,640 —

38,498 14 4 9,534 14 6 7,683 16 6 ,2,848

2,040 3 6 1,184 — — 1,130 600 — —

5,5oo 5,800 — — 7,000 — — 5»5oo — — 910 6 1

613 4 , mm MM —

3»549 9 — -M — —

— — 9,872 5 6-J " — — -

72 3 ——

— 10 — I 6 — 1 ——

4 — — 2 — II 2 — — —

29 13 5 4 17 6 3 11 3 MM

465,793 — 678,861 4 J 404,606 7 8 505,051 2 31

In the Y A R Ended 5th January 1 7 9 9-

£' J.

3.667,970 16 si %

7,234,896 16 si

75.000 ——

V

18.000 — — 1,026,604 14 5

9 355 13 3

128,600 — — 60,742 6 2

12,221,170 6 Si

410,556 ——

423.765 6 4i

371,112 11 3i

* 67>39 4{

» 104.649 9 ioJ

>35.697 >s

226,563 2 4}

48,752 J 2 625 16 — 96O —

2 13 4 1,798 19 4 50,640 — — 68,565 5 4

4,954 3 6

23,800 ——

910 6 1

6 13 4

3.549 9 — 9,872 5 6f 72 1 3

2 l6 --

l6 I — 48 2 X

°54-3|6 14 — I

Vo L. 54.

3S

( Continue d)

5°

MartiL

A. 17 99.

( Continued.)

DUTIES PRO A° I79 J:

British spirits. A0 1791 ——

f. 10 perCent. on A fie fled Taxes -

Klse rvf.d by Acts 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. out of Con-fclidated Duties, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £. 22,697. 10/. per Quarter -

G^ine Duty - -✓ -

Surplus of Duty on Bills and Receipts, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid -

DUTIES PRO A° I

794-

Sugar, A° 1791 - - - .

Foreign Spirits ——

iiritiih Spirits, A0 1794 -

Foreign D° ——

Attornies Articles ——

Surplus of Duty on Spirit Litences, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid *

Glass ——

Bricks and Tiles (Customs) ——

D° - - - (ExciseJ ——

Paper - - - (Culiorn^t ——

D° - - - (ExciseJ^after reserving the Average Pro-

duce as aforesaid -

Slates and Stones

DUTIES PRO A0 1795:

British Spirits.

Foreign D° ——

Wines....

Sweets ——

Cocoa - -

Stamps ——

Ship Policies.....-

Hair Powder Certificates - - - .

Receipts -

Coals -

Tea ——

Fruits - - ‘ -

Spirit Licences - - - -'

Resekved out of Consolidated Letter Money, computed Ave rage Increase of Revenue by reason of the Reilridion in Franking, by Ad 35 Geo. III.

DUTIES PRO A 1796:

Horses used for Riding, &c.

Reserved by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Horses uted for Riding, See. in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £. 26,500, per Quarter -Tobacco -

Horse Dealers Licences - - - - .

Wine (Excise) ——

D° (Customs) ——

Sweets....

Surplus of Duty on Legacies, after reserving the Average Produce as aforesaid ——

D .....Hats - - - D° - - - D°

a /. Duty on Horses used for Husbandry - -

Reserved by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Husbandry, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £. 23,750, per Quarter Dogs ——

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Duty on Dogs, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at ^.17,500, per Quarter ——

£. 10 per Cent, on Assessed Taxes -

Kesprved by Acts 38 Geo. III. Cap. 46 and 41. out of Consolidated Duties, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £.20,047. 10/. per Quarter -Computed Saving, by reducing the Allowance for Waste on Salt - - - .

Taken out of Consolidated Customs, being the computed Saving to the Public, on Account of the Kedudion in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar.

In the (QUARTERS Ended

5th Atril 1798.

5th July 1798.

/. d.

/. d.

33,647 — — 3 1,671 — —

9»867 5 5i 10,6 j 7 14 if

loth October 179 .

4,103 - — 6,95a ——

1,301 — —

9,564 — —

/ ' d.

7,589 ——

8,697 10 — 3>238 1 3

26,182 7 8

54.389, 5 5r 53. 74 '4

io.7'4 5 4i|

37,478 ——

33.777 -

30,290 ——

3>693 -

50,500 ——

II,480 - -

5>34S ——

83 — ' 8

22,016 — — 3>34x 8

6,329 11 2

30,946 ——

32,174 ——

29,225 —

4,995 ——

9,351 10 — 10,847 — —

5° 7 9 981 ——

2,829 10 3

12,943 — — 2,925 1 2

45,706 18 11

208,718 4 1 143,602 — 4

33,725 ——

30,499 ——

70,875 ——

944 ——

6,200 ——

8.749 ——

12.17Z ——

5,824 ——

1,907 ——

1,729 10 3

46,536 ——

8.599 7 6i |

10,000 — —

31.658 — —

28,979 ——

' I32 O79 —

I 43 ——

4.669 —

7.670 ——

31,556 ——

71,595 ——

1,832 ——

6,993 1 nf

51,262 ——

23,056 9 4f

16,851 IO —

10,000 — —

5>'75

,0 533 — 10 7

l7»45s — 3/216 8

315,732 6 11

237»759 7 9} 420,144 1 4

7,550 ——

29,315 ——

133»472 ——

2.523 ——

6,496 — — 8,59218 3

31,517 8 9 70,075 6

2,104 3 5 >947 16 .

59,l66 --- —

3 l>5°3 5 t!

7,750 ——

10,000 — " —

-r

406,012 18 5

20,159 18 si S^237 l3 4l

5M38 — 39 ——

4,544 ——

56.554 ifr —

977 -

12,381 2 3

13,845 7 11

7,272 12 3

IO,88l 12 if

8,000 ——

29,169 i 5 215,462 10 5

41,827 ——

173 ——

5'355 ——

126,623 3 11

2,009 — —

4,166 3 10

6,53» 3

42,558 1 4

36,90519 4

11,347 4 8

8,000 — —

29,169 1 5

368,902 10 2

1.490 3 if

3S>593 ——

5S3 3 8

88,918 ——

189.116 10 1 if 2,609 ——

I4.952 3 5

18.558 17 —

18,641 11 1

9 977 3

6,047 10 — 8,000 — —

29,169 1 5

426,656 4

„ 1

4

5t!l JANUARY

1 7 9 9 *

In the YEAR Ended 5th January 1799.

6 d-16,036 — —

36,697 lO — >239 ——

4,292 ——

65,264 10

c y *

88,943 — —

65,719 19 6

16,882 1 3

46,990 7 8

218,535 8 5 *

if 74670 16 7 i 277'255 l7 1

36053 — - 131,650

14.9,3 88,428 — —

38.1,3 126,796 — — *

3 5 >2i 19,126 1 4

59 S51 10 —

10,056 42,9i6 — —

) 60 15 3

20751 44.529

{ 1,0 56 6 11 7,185 6 if

18 461 ^9-734

► 3 22$ 18; 13063 3 5f

222 543 1 nf 890.595 13 3f

16,104 — — — —; 89 °37

38,232 127,025

60,873 — — 397,299

5;>5 5,995

5,3S8 22,723

9,402 34,4 3 8 3

26,174 101,419 8 9

10,1 23 157.617 6 5

D707 — — 7.55° 3 5

\ 2,112 16 IO- 16,783 5 9f

64-7 7 221,68c — —

43.277 17 41 106,436 19 4

4,500 — — 29,101 10 —

10,000 — — 40,000 — - —

293,165 14 3 . 1,357.082 11 9f-

— — 127,397 " ioJ

51,509 16 lof J

46,091 — — l;8,049 —

427 1.322 3 8

' 1,000 — — 99.SI7 -r —

84 888 12 Si 457.,83 3 7

605 — — 6.200 — —

9.149 5 — 2S.267 12 3

37,47 6 |

1 . 103,903 9 3f

28,858 8 11 75-0 65 15 of

20,916 — 8

>. 56,362 14 2

28,086 7 421

8,000 — — 32,000 — —

29,169 1 5 116,676 ]f 8

308,69412111 1,31971517 9f

39

Geo. Ill,

i° Martii.

251

( Continued.)

DUTIES pro a° 1797:

Pepper - ....

£ 20 per Cent, on Assessed Taxes -

Surplus of D°, after reserving the Sums as directed by Acts 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41 -

British. Spirits ——

Foreign D° - . - - - - ~ - -

Auctions ——

Deeds - -

Cocoa -

Stage Coaches -

Sugar -

Bricks ——

Tea - -

Horses used for Riding, &c. -

3;. Duty on Horses used for Hulhandry -

Surplus of Consolidated Duty on Inhabited Houses, after reserving the Sums as directed by Ad 38 Geo. 111. Cap. 40 -

Plate....

Clocks and Watches - -

Surplus of Consolidated Letter Money, after reserving the Sums as directed by Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. iS.

Male Servants....

Surplus of Consolidated Duty on D°, after reserving the Sums as directed by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41.

Duty on Houses and Windows, by Ad 37 Geo. III.

Surplus of Consolidated Duty on Houses and Windows, after reserving the Sums as directed by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. ——

D° - Horses used for Riding, &c. - D° - D° - Cap. 41.

D° - D° Husbandry - - - D° - D# - - D° -

Spirit Licences (Cap. 17.)- -

D° - - - (Cap. 102) -

DUTIES PRO A0 1798 I

Duty on Salt, A0 1798 ——

Surplus of Duties on Salt, after reserving the Sums as directed by Ad 38 Geo. IIL Cap. 89. at £. 101,555, per Quarter - - - . _

Armorial Bearings - - - _ _

Tea ——

Spirit Licences - - - - ' _

TOTALS of CUSTOMS, EXCISE, and STAMPS

D® - - INCIDENTS -

D® - - DUTIES pro A° 793 -

D" - - - D° - >794 -

D® . - - D - >795 -

D® . - - D° - 1796-

D® . - - D° - >797-

D® . - - D° - 1798-

r

5th April 1798.

£ ' d.

10,352 18 5

23,800 — —

34,804 ——

30,310 ——

9 443 ——

120,864 — —

>579 -

14,712 ——

12,070 3 5

2>4°7 — —

53, I46 ——

2,000 — -

- ? 41

2,300 -

6l,36l ---- —

100 — —

1,900 — —

381,149 7 2|

In the QUARTERS End.d

5th Jui.y 1 7 9 S.

£ ' d. 29,880 16 6 130,115 ——

33>213 — 28,734. — . 9423 — 137,632 — 1,188 — 13 647 — 36,078 381 -

57 49 —

2,980 —

55 540 —

7i

33,120 — —

45,361 ——

5,130 ——

33,720 ——

66,906 — - —

3,75° — —

723»947 l7 Ii

14,519 9 4

>4 5 9 9 4

ictli October 179s.

d.

47.196 19 2j-

28,095 19 II]

7,150 ——

29,500 — —

4958 — —

184,377 15 —

1,324 ——

15,202 8 10

229,668 17 10J-

9>995 ——

65,35s —

1,005 5 3t

2 l8 —

52,561 ——

1,996 16 6

23,000

8,500

719,673 — 8

85910 3 4

7 373 ——

34 957 ——

128,240 3 4

5th January 1799.

& 36,861 IO 4

46,251 10 II ,6,517 ——

38,33° — -

13,089 ——

130.376 ——

1,342 ——

10,780 — -

106,934. 8 5

10,709 ——

86,027 ~ —

3 577 5 4i

" Te -

56,361 — 6 343 13 9

220,382 12 8?

12,261 16 2 *

50,895 — i'

12,000 ——

1,000 — -

860,018 17 gl

102,89515 4

13,212 — — 43,372 — 1,500 — - —

160,97915 4|

In the YEAR Ended 5 th January 1799.

1

£ ' 4-

124,292 4 5}

228,242 10 I0£

91,664 — -

126,874 -

46,913 ——

f73.249 >5 ~

5433 ——

54,341 8 10

384,751 10 4

23,492 ——

261,680 — —

2,980 ——

57 54° ——

4.582 10 7

3 3 Ai

35,420 ——

215,444 '----

13.570 10 3

35,620 —

220,382 12 81

12,261 16 z\ 50,895 — I± 101,906 — —

13 25° ——

2,684,789 2 9i

1

203,325 8 — i 20,585 — —

78,329 ——

1,500 -- —

363>739 8 — i

2,487,875 12 9l 2,735,920 mm "I 3.867.259 3 -1 / + 3 >3°»>>5 9 4i 12,221,170 6 SI-

465,798 — — 678,861 4 I 404,606 7 8+ 505,051 2 3? 2,054,316 14 —

- 54.389 5 5l 53 7+ H > 45,706 18 1 I 65,264 10 — 218,535 8 S

- 208,718 4 1 143,602 — 4 315.732 6 1 1 222,543 1 Hi 890,595 >3

" 237 759 >7 9i 420,144 1 4 406,012 18 , 5 293,165 14 3 1,357,082 11

- 215,462 10 5 368,902 10 2 426,656 4 308,694 12 >>j i>3 >9 7 >5 17 9

" 381,149 7 «i 723,947 17 \ 7>9,673 — 8 860,018 >7 9r 2,684,789 2 9I

' " — — 14,519 9 4 128,240 3 4 160,979 15 4i 303739 8 -i

c 4,051,152 >7 5, I39>°71 >7 si 6,313,887 3 9\ 5.545 833 4 T + 31,049,945 2 ni

Memorandum: *

In the above Account, where any of the Sums directed to be set<ipart exceed the Average Quarterly Estimate, the Surplus is to make good former Deficiencies j where less, the whole Produce is applied.

Exchequer, \

the 1 ft Day of March 1799. X

JAMES FISHER.

Vox,.

5V

Ordered *

Bcwdicy, &c. Towing Path Bill, presented.

Enfield, Hertford, and Ware Roads Bill, present cd»

Hertford and Wafton, &c. Roads Bill, presented.

Nottingham and Dtrby Roads Bill, reported.

Bill for confirming an Agreement for Nether Seal Inclosure, passed.

i° Mart

A. 1799 *

Ordered That the said . Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Kynaston Powell prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, paii'ed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, and keeping " in Repair, a Road or Passage for Horses on the Banks of the River Severn, between Bewdley Bridge " and a Place called The M Wharf, at " Dale, for haling and drawing Veil'ds along the said " River, and for other Purposes therein mentioned And the same was received; and read the First Time, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tinnier presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Mto the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amivell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time. I

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Air. Plumerpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Wat ton to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Walton, to the North End of the Town of Wa/kem, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Air. Daniel Parker Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Nottingham and Derby, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chap-pel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Marys Bridge, in the Town of,

and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields and Failures, within the Manors or Lordships of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, in the Counties of Leicesterand Derby, or one of them, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

6

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and eftaldiiliing a Division and Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields and Failures, within the Manors or Lordships of Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, in the Counties of Lehejlerand Derby, or one of them, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

\ *

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Tynemouth the Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of the Allotments of the Lands let out by virtue of on, reported, an Act, paftfed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Traci of Waste Land, called Tynemouth Moor, Shire, Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of otherwise Tinmouthshire, otherwifie with Tin-

mouthshire, in the County of Northumberland, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

John Davidson, Esquire, being examined, said, That

in pursuance of the said Act, the Commissioners thereby- appointed divided and allotted the said Tract of Waste Land, and have let out several Roads through or over the fame; but the Commissioners were not, by the said Act, authorized to ascertain what Parts of the said Roads were to be amended and kept in Repair by the respective Townships wherein the said Aloor or Waste Land was situate, or to which Allotments of the said Waste Lands were set out, and therefore Doubts and Disputes have arisen touching the fame, and that the said Act is in other Respects defective.

And the Witness added. That the said Doubts and Disputes cannot bo obviated or settled, or the said Act rendered effectual, without the Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, explaining, and amending, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting,

" and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of " Waste Land, called Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor,'

" Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of " Tynemouth, otherwise Tynemouth Shire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouth Shire, in the County of Nor/ htimberlandAnd that Air.Burdon and Air do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Adams presented to the House, accord- Brixham ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Lords of the Manor Quay,&c. Bill, of Brixham, in the County of Devon, to repair and en- P'e,ent<-d-large, or rebuild, the Pier or Quay at Brixham Quay, within the said Manor, to improve the Harbour there, to regulate the Aloorings of Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp reported from the Com- Loughbo. mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of Zouch Road them (elves and others, Tru flees for executing Two Petition, re-Acts, passed for amending, widening, and keeping in porte‘i'

Repair

Kilburn Bridge and Sparrow's Heme Road Bill, passed.

Bridport, See. Ruaas Petition, reported.

39 Geo. III.

t

253

Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempjloin the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, . had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitioiv and had directed him to report the fame, as it- appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts, the first of them passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other of them passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were fe-Verally read: And,

Mr. John Cradock being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed in or by, virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, which have been duly applied for the Purposes of the said Acts; that the Term granted by the said Acts is near expiring, and the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be sufficiently amended and kept in good Repair, unless the said Term be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions of- the said Acts altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de Id Zouch, in the County of Land for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to in the

Counties of Leicester and Nottingham: And that Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp and Mr. Legh Keck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertjord, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and for altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertjord.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Barclay reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing the Roads, in the County of Dorjef, thereinafter described, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

Vo l.54.

Petition, and had directed him tb ressort the fame, ias it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Re4 port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared by an Act, passed in the Twentyrieventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, tfiat feve-rnl Tolls and Powers were granted to Trustees, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Intrenchment on AJkerwell Hill, oppoflte to Chilcombe Farm, through the Town of Bridport, to Penn Inn, and from Bridport to the Town of Beaminfte in the County of Dorset, and other Roads therein mentioned. It also appeared, by another Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, that the Powers and Provisions of the said ftrft-mentioned Act were continued and enlarged, as well with respect to the said Roads hereinbefore mentioned, as also for repairing and improving the Roads from the North End of the South Street of Bridport, to Bridport Harbour, and from the North Turnpike Gate at the South End of the Town of Beammfler, to the Entrance into the

Common, called Bedminster Wood, and to Lenham's Water, in the said County of Doijet; and the said several Roads hereinbefore described were, by the said recited Acts, divided into Two separate Districts j Then,

Mr. John Symes being examined, said x That the Trustees authorised to put the said Acts into Execution within the said Districts, have, in pursuance thereof, borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising within each of the said Districts, which still remain due, and cannot be discharged, nor the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers now subsisting under the said Acts be further continued; and it is expedient that the Tolls, and several of the Powers, granted by the said Acts, should be altered and enlarged with respect to the Roadi comprized in the said Districts, or one of them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot continuing, altering, amending, and enlarging, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the '

Roads from an Intrenchment on AJkerwell Hill, through Bridport, to Penn Inn; from Bridport to Bcaminster j from the North End of the South Street of Bridport, to Bridport Harbour; from the North Turnpike Gate at Bcaminster to Beaminster Wood, otherwise oed Common, and to Lenham's Water, all in the County of Dorset i And that Mr. Barclay and Mr. Francis John Browne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Douglas reported from the Committee, to j^^5r shand whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscrib- R^ds Petiti-ing, interested in the Roads and Bridges thereunder on, reported, mentioned, and Heritors, in the County of Roxburgh, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Major General William Elliot, being examined, laid, That the Road leading from the East End of Cannoby Bridge, to the Mireburn, in the County of Dumfries, and from thence by the Village of CaJUetown, Hermitage- Bridge, Dinlabyre, Daston Ridge, Note-of-the Gate, and,

to the Junction of the Turnpike Road leading from Abbotrule to Jedburgh, in the County of Roxburgh, the

3 T Road

The Lords have passed

Wiliiams's Divorce Bill.

Bill read.

Committee on Gcueui expiring Laws, appointed.

Report of 1796, referred.

InRnnSlion.

Bill to amend Game Laws, committed.

254 i° Martii. . A. 1799.

Road leading from Hermitage Bridge, by Milnburnholm, The said Bill was read a Second Time;

to Limekiln Edge, and from thence to the Junction of ResolveThat the Bill be committed; the above-mentioned Road upon Dajion Ridge; and ResolveThat the Bill be committed to a Committee also the Road from the Village of Cajlletown, above of the whole House.

mentioned, by Tinnifhilland Midd/emafs, to the Village ' Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-of Langholm, in the County of Dumfries, are, during night, the 12th Day of this Instant March, resolve it-

the Winter Season, or wet Weather, almost impassable self into a Committee of the whole House upon the

for Wheel Carriages, and dangerous for Persons tra- said Bill,

yelling on Horleback. And the Witness further said.

That it Would be a great Benefit to the Public, and OrJerei, That Mr. Long do make the Report from the Exchequer

to all Persons travelling the said Roads, if the same Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for *

were repaired, widened, altered, and straitened, the railing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exche-

Hills made more easy and commodious, and the ne- quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand celTary Bridges thereon, built or repaired. - Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Corn-repairing several Roads in the Counties ot Dumfries and mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had

Roxburgh: And that Sir George Douglas and Mr. Mont- made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be

gornery do prepare, and bring in, the fame. reported to the House and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the A MeiFage from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Smith: Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Mr. Speaker, Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. dill (live the Marriage of William Williams with Mary Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Charlotte his now Wife, late Mary Charlotte Willis, and ingrossed.

to enable him to many again, and for other Purposes Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be Concurrence of this House. then ingrossed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time. Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do make the Report from Trowbridge

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being tion, reported. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to esquire, Trulfees for putting in Execution Two Acts, the one 1 what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his Months preceding the Commencement of the present late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about Road leading from The Green Man, in the Chapelry of to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Seend, in the County of through Trowbridge, to a Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course Place called White Trough, in the Parish of,

of the next Session, or at the End thereof and to re- in the same County, and from thence, by Road,

port the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and the other with their Opinion which of them are fit to be, re- passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present vived, continued, or made perpetual. Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Abbot, the Ad, and for repealing lo much of an Act, made in the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Doug- same Year, for repairing several Roads in the Counties las, Mr. Long, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Wilberforce, Lord VII- of Wilt and Somerset, as relates to a Road from a Place count Belgruve, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Shaw' Lefcvre, in Trowle Bridge Lane to and from Fred ford

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Solicitor General, to Hall's in Limpey , and for amending the

the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Bankes: And they said Roads, and also several other.Roads leading from or are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, near the Roads included in the said Acts, and also of the in the Speaker's Chamber and have Power to lend for several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto fub-Persons, Papers, and Records. Fcribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Trowbridge

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Com- aforesaid, was referred, mittee. Mr. Hobhouse accordingly reported from the said Com-

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave.to fit, mittee. That the Committee had examined, and found notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. that the Standing Orders of the House, relative toTurn-

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 12th Day pike Bills, and Paving Bills, had been complied with of May 1796, was made from the Committee, who (except lo far as relates to the Road proposed to be were appointed to insped and consider all the tern- made from the Turnpike Road in the Market Place, porary Laws of a Public Nature expired, or expiring, to the same Road in Street-, and also, except as to be referred to the said Committee the Road proposed to be made from the Turnpike Road

Ordered That it be an Instruction to the said Com- in Fore Street, to the same Road in Back Street, all in the mittee. That they do esquire, and report to the House, said Town of Trowbridge-, and also, that the Notice did what Laws expired, or near expiring, have been re- not extend to cleansing and improving the said 1'own, vived, continued, or made perpetual, by any Act or the Utility of making the said new Roads, and of Acts of the present Session of Parliament. cleansing and improving the said Town, not having oc-

curred till after the Notices were given for the other Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Purposes aforesaid); and that the Committee had exa-Reading of the Bill for repealing Two Acts, passed in mined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of 11 is present directed to be reported to the House and he read the Majesty, which limit the Time for killing Partridges in Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at England and Scotland; and for amending lb much of an the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read and is as Ad, passed in the Second Year of t he Reign of His pre- followeth viz.

Tent Majesty, as relates to such Limitation within that To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Part of Great Britain called England, by making other said recited Acts were read: And,

Provisions, for that Purpose, be now read. Mr Samuel Way, being examined, laid, That a Pro-

And the said Order being read accordingly gress hath been made in executing the said Acts, and a

considerablex

39 Geo. III. i MaV 255

considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid oif, and the said Roads (or such of them as shall be continued Turnpike) effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are renewed, and the Powers thereof altered, enlarged, and consolidated into One Ad; that it is expedient that the Road leading from Wincham , across a certain Common, in the Parish of North , to the Turn-

pike Road at or near the Direction Poll there on Little

Common, and also the Road between and

Freshford, through Charter-House to the Turnpike

Road at the Red Poll, in the Parish of , in the County of Somerset, and also the Road from the Wells Road, opposite the Road leading to turning on the Right Hand through the Three Corner Field, in the Parish of Camerton, to join the Bath Turnpike Road near Hallatrow Bridge, in the Parish of High Littleton, in the ' said County of Somerset, and also the Road from the Turnpike Gate in the Parish of Freshford to , in

the said County, being Part of the Roads included in the said Acts, should be no longer continued as Turnpike Roads, and that the Trustees for executing the said Act should be discharged from all future Care and Management thereof; that the Road leading from the Parsonage Corner in the Back Street, in the said Town of

Trozvbridge, to the House of Mary , at the Brick Plott, is narrow and incommodious, and would be an Accommodation to the Public if the same were altered, amended, and kept in Repair; and also, if a new Road was made from the said House of Mary May, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge aforesaid, to Hilperton's Marsh, at or near a Place called Ijlinglon, in the said Parish of Trowbridge; and also, if the said House and Premises, now in the Occupation of the said Mary May, or some Part or Parts thereof, were taken down and removed for the Purpose of making the said Road; that the Street, called Silver Street, which is Part of the Road included in the said Act, is narrow and incommodious, and it is requisite, for the Safety and Convenience of the Public, that the same should be widened; that it would also be a great Convenience to the Public if a new Road was made from the Turnpike Road in the Market Place, through certain Premises, to join the Turnpike Road in the said Street, called Silver

Street; and that it would also be a great Accommodation to the Public, as well as an Improvement to the said Town, if the Dwelling House in the Occupation of David Orchard, was taken down and removed, and a new Road made from the Turnpike Road in Fore Street, in the said Town, to join tire Turnpike Road in Back Street; that if certain Premises adjoining the Town Bridge, were also taken down for the Purpose of making the Entrance to the said Bridge more safe and commodious, it would be of great Convenience and Benefit to the Public.

And the Witness further said. That the Footways in the several Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, and Places within the said Town of Trowbridge, are not properly paved, cleansed, nor lighted, and are subject to various Obstructions, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and in some Places incommodious and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers; and that it would be a great Benefit, Advantage, and Convenience to th6 Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Perl'ons retorting thereto, if Provision was made for paving the fame, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the several Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the said Town.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker VOL. 54.

(all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth/ viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous of tnaking competerit Provisions for the honourable Support and Maintenance of His dearly beloved Sons, Prince Edward, and Prince ErneJl Augustus, which the Monies applicable to the Purposes of His Majesty's Civil Government would be insufficient to defray; and being also desirous of being enabled to extend to His beloved Daughter, the Princess Amelia, the Provision which He has been enabjed to make out of the Hereditary Revenue for the other Branches of His Royal Family; desires the Alii fiance of -Parliament for this Purpose; and His Majesty relies on the Affection of His faithful Commons, that they will make such Provision as the Circumstances of the same may appear to require.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said moll Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein Hated, the several Sums " of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax " for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March " One thousand Seven'hundred and Ninety-eight," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to facilitate the Redemption of the Land Tax, by Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and all Corporations: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such Sums as have been granted by the Assembly of the Island of Jamaica, for the Purpose of settling the Trelawney Maroons, and also an Account of the Disbursements of the said Sums.

Mr. Secretary Dundas reported to the House, That their Address of the 22d Day ot February last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House Copies of the Examinations taken before the Magistrates of the County of Middlesex, at their last. Quarter Sessions, respecting the State of the Prison. in Cold Bath Fields, and returned by them to the Office of Secretary of State) had been pre-' fented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He had given Directions accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of Proceedings of the General Quarter Selfion$ of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, holden in the Month of January 1799, respecting several Matters relating to the House of Correction for the said County, and certain Prisoners confined in that Prison. v And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Motigjjt

Bill to facilitate the Redemption of the Land Tax, ordered *

Account relative to the Maroons, ordered.

An fwer to 1 Address.

Houserefolvd to adjourn to Monday.

Proceedings respecting the Prison in Cold Bath Fields, presented.

Motion re spedin£ the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

N eg.

Bill to FacilL' tate the Redemption of the Land TaX, presented.

Ways % nd Means, deferred.

unnly, deferred.

Devon Debtor Petition.

Moller's Nat. Bill, committed.

Rowley Regi$ Inclol'ure Bill> presented.

Bellbrough-ton Inclosure Bill, presented.

5 6 to — 4 Martii. . 1799.

A Motion being made, Tfrat feay be given to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a Time to be limited \

And the Question being put. That this House do now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth,

Teller for the Yeas, (J£

Tellers for the Noes, Isr^/Tat', So it passed in the Negative.

} J

j 34-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to facilitate the Re demption of the Land Tax, by Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and all Corporations: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the

Clock.

Luna,40 die Mar tii'.

Anno 390 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1799. Pkayers,

A PETITION of the Persons confined for Debt in the Prison of the Sheriff for the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tablei

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Christopher was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Regis, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Andrews presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bellbroughtin the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read..the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

-2

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Nottingham of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-fecoad Year -of the Reign of his kite Majesty King George the Second, and pXd. in the Twentieth Year, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Nottingham and Derby, so far as relates to the Road leading from near

the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Denton, to Sawley Ferry, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliamenti the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Nottingham and so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry,

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making and maintaining the Road from or whitebun near Whiteburn, in the County of Berwick, to the Town and Kelso of Ke/fo, in the County of Roxburgh, was read a Second so^kled. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Douglas, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for th‘e Third Exchequer Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising a certain Sum ol Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Mu-Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third tinvBiU, Time. palfeL

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One Thousand Eight Hundred.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the President 'and Scholars of the Col- Petition from lege of- Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of £^laIca Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking against Lott-Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Batons, d<?"Cock Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommoda.-tion and Security of Snipping,. Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, in Right of their said College, are seised and possessed of divers Wharfs, Quays, and Ware-houses, situate on the South Side of the River 'Thames, in the Borough of Southwark, and other considerable -Property adjoining thereto, and are advised that the said Wharfs, Quays, and Warehouses, which are now of a very considerable Value, from the great Trade and

Traffic

39 Geo. ML 40 Martii. 457

Traffic carried thefeon, Would be infinitely reduced in Value, if the said BUI is carried into Execution, by diverting the Trade into a different Channel, at a considerable Distance, and removing the Seat of Commerce t And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said BUI is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time in Favour of the said BUI, against the said Petition.

Bill to con- The House was moved. That an Act, made in this S Notelf1 present Session of Parliament, on the Fourth Day of Act, ordered. January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the First Day of . February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetynine, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, " Chapter Seven, on the Second Day of December One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, ".An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six " Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session " of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and " Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the " one. Chapter Thirty-two, on the Tenth Day of March, and the other, Chapter Sixtyonc, on the Twenty- fifth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the " Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and " Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for retraining the Negotiation of Promissory " Notes, and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, " within that Part of Great Britain called England; " and also to amend the said Act, and further to continue the fame, so amended, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-nine," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill further to continue the said Act, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Bird, Mr. Jefferys,

and Mr. Courtenay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Imported "3' Account of the Quantity of the principal Articles in nicred. ' Nature of Raw Materials, imported into, and used in Manufactures in, Great Britain, on an Annual Medium of the following Periods, videlicet, the Five Years preceding the 5th of January 1776, the Five Years preceding the 5th of January 1787, the Five Years preceding the 5th of January 1792, and the Five Years preceding the 5th of January 1799; distinguishing each Article.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

oTrfemAi? to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ffiant Bill. upon the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please. to receive the same.'

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Vo L.

Mr.Wilberforce Bird presented to the House, accord- Bill to coding to Order, a Bill further to continue, for a Time to Englidi be limited, an Act, made in this present Session of Aa, present Parliament, on the Fourth Day of January One thou- M sand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the First Day of February " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an " Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter1 " Seven, on the Second Day of December One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-leven, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks " after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. Two several Acts, passed in the Session of " Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirtyseventh Years of His present Majesty, the one. Chap- *

" ter Thirty-two, on the Tenth Day of March, and " the other, Chapter Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth " Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the " Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory " Notes, and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum,

" within that Part of Great Britain called England)

" and also, to-amend the said Act, and further to continue the fame, so amended, until the Twenty-fifth " Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-nineAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To-morro\v Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do make the said Report. '

Mr, William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed to Ije reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout, and then

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Bill fore , resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, voider upon the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act Corps Exemp-of this Session of Parliament, intituled; " An Act " for exempting, during the present War, certain Persons, serving in Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted

" for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Condi- tions, and for making out new Lists of Men liable " to serve in the said Militia," to Volunteer Corps raised under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for giving further Time for transmitting Copies of the Muller Rolls of Volunteer Corps who shall claim the- Exemption granted by the said first-mentioned Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill for rr-Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- dumber of

2 U mittee Militia Min,

deferred.

IntU^ Company's Revenue Accounts referred to a Committee.

Supply, deferred *

Address for an Accoupt of the 4} per Cent Duty in Barbadoes, &c.

Address for ap Account of Secret Service Money.

Report Expiring Laws.

258 4 Martii. v A. 1799 '

mittee of the whole House, upon Friday next, upon thex " prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men to be " Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufac-

raised, and to serve, in the l'everal Counties of that Part " ture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being

of Great Britain called England , might be read. " warehoused for Exportation," which was to continue

And the said Order being read accordingly; in Force until Thirty Days after the Commencement of

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow another Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Instant March, resolve Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the ill itself into the said Committee^ Day of March 17991 is expired, and fit to be revived

and continued.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee *

which were presented to the House upon the 22d Day That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the

of January lath, by Mr, Owen (from the Directors of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for East India Company) be referred to the Consideration of " disallowing the Bounty, on the Exportation to Ireland, a Committee of the whole House. " of Sail Cloth or Canvas of the Manufacturee of Great

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow " Britain, for a limited Time," which was to continue Sevennight, the 12th Day of this Inftknt March, resolve in Force until the 25th Day of March 1798, and which itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider was by another Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of of the said Accounts and Papers. the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the

25th Day of March 1799, is near expiring, and fit to be Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House continued.'

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the be now read. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti-

And the said Order being read accordingly; tuled, " An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wrednesday " Species of BritishieacvA Irish Linens exported, and taking Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. " off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw

" Linen Yarns made of Flax," which said Act was, by Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Two other Acts of the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and con-Directions, that there be laid before this House, an tinued until the 24th Day of June 1786, and from Account of the several Charges upon the Fund arising the nce to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- ' from the Duties of Four-and-an-Half per Centum in ment, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further ' Barbadoes and the Leezvard Islands, together with the continued until the 24th Day of June 1799, is near Names of the Persons paid out of the fame, for the last expiring, and fit to be continued.

Twenty Years; distinguishing each Year. The Two First Resolutions of the Committee, being

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His severally rekd a Second Time, were, upon the Question Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council. The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a

Second Time, was postponed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Ordered, That,a Bill be brought in pursuant to the His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the Account of the Charges incurred and paid for Secret fame.

Service Money, for the last Twenty-five Years; distin- Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the guishing each Year, and what Sums have been made Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, good by Parliament. Mr. Rose,. and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His the fame.

Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Majesty's most.Honourable Privy Council. of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider

further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do make the Report from granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the the Committee, appointed to enquire what Public Acts mentioned in the last of the said Resolutions.

General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Aa for Pro-Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Trade to be within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commence- " Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for con side red. ment. of the present Session, or in tire Course of the " granting new and additional Duties of Cu (loms on next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the " Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their " of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, " from Foreign Ports, until the signing the Preliminary or made perpetual; and who were instrucled to esquire, " Articles of Peace," might be read, and report to the House, what Laws expired, or near And the same being read accordingly;

expiring, have been revived, continued, or made perpe- Resolved, That this House will, To-inorrow Morning,

tual, by any Act or Acts of the present Session of Par- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, liament. to consider of so much of the said Act as prevents Ships

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- failing without Convoy, mittee, That the Committee had enquired accordingly,

and had come to several Resolutions, which they had The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to amend directed to be reported to the House; and he read the: resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, JjutyA^ Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the upon the Bill for extending the Time for returning1 deferred. Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee Assessments under an Act, passed in the present Session were read; and are as followeth; viz. . % of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia-That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the " ment, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " Prosecution of the War, and to roaJte more effectual a " Provision

39 Geo. III.

" Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties;"

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

BUI to ftcili- A Bill to facilitate the Redemption of the Land Tax, dem^son'of ^y Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and all the Zand"Tax, Corporations, was, according to Order, read a Second committed. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Way and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

' led. 0 ' 6 er" Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

259

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge-foot, in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of,

Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon: And that Mr. Morgan and Sir Robert Salufbury do prepare, and bring in, the ‘ fame.

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Petition from Council, of the Burgh of Perth And also, tinue the0 0"

A Petition of the Traders, Manufacturers, and In- Scotch Small habitants, of the Town of Perth, and its VicinityNote Act.

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Containing the same Allegations and Prayer with the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Aberdeen, which was presented to the House upon tl\g 25th Day of February last.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

40 — 50 Mar tit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is y50 die Martiij

Anno 39° Georgii III'" Regis, 1799.

' Prayers.

Magor and TV /TR. Morgan reported from the Committee, to Road^Pet?0" i- ▼.JL whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for tira, reported, putting in Execution Two Acts, made in the Thirty-firstYear of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the TYnth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge-foot, in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him jto report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And, '

Mr. William Powell, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and have made a considerable Progress in amending and repairing the several Roads thereby directed to be repaired, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are continued, the Tolls increased, and other Powers and Authorities granted. And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the new Branch of Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Chepstow to Newport, at the Bottom of Fan-Oak Hill, in the Parish of Christchurch, to the Village of Magor, in the said County of Monmouth, is in bad Condition, and that the making it a good Road will be of Public Utility. Then,

Mr. Powell, being again examined, said. That the other new Branches of Road, described in the Petition, are in a ruinous Condition, inconvenient and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Vol. 54.

A Petition of Licensed Dealers in Home-made Spi-ri»j in the Lowlands of Scotland, was presented to tiller iuScot-the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations land, and Prayer with the several Petitions, which were presented to the House upon the 18th Day of February last, from other Licensed Dealers in Home-made Spirits, in the Lowlands of Scotland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Moiier' Nat. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An fnd'^lw * Act for naturalizing George Christopher Mol/er, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Williams' to dissolve the Marriage of William Williams with Mary ^lvorte Charlotte, his now Wife, late Mary Charlotte Willis, and committc to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved-, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parries concerned think fit to be heard by Coun-fel, or produce Witnesses.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Go- Counsel or-vernors and Company of the Water Works a'nd Water Houses in Shadwell, which was presented to the House shadwell Wa-upon the 19th Dav of December last, might be again ter Work *

r , y 1 ° 0 Company, a-

read gainlt London

And the same being read accordingly; Dock Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of

London,

ct6o

5° Martii. A. 1799-

London, is committed; and thht the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Coni' iriittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Enfi 'f'd d Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and WareVoarU enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Bill, commit' Eleventh Year of the Reign of King the First,

* the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty,

and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was read a Second Time: *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pilt, Mr. Plumer, See.: And they are to meet this After *

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Hertford uiul A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Roads'Bin^ Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his eominitted. late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Watt on, to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Town of in the said County,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Baker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Gosport and A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed RwhK ' n Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-committed'. jesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Waltham, and from Wickham aforesaid to Chaivton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Chute, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

NoTWKhDeb- A Petition of the several Debtors confined in the tws etition. Qaflje Qf Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Jtemenham Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, to whom Ported Bl,l> the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open 1 c ' and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Remenham, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of about 5 Acres of Land, who refilled to sign the Bill, and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 1,267 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward? delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

the Clerk's 'table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill to enable the Lords of the Manor of Brixham

ixi the County of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or re-build, the Pier or Quay at Brixham Quay, within the said Manor, to improve the Harbour there, to regulate the Moorings of Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there, was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Addms, Mr. Bastard, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's *

Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, West India being Merchants concerned in the West India Trade, or &cerca^inA Owners of Ships and Vessels belonging or trading to London Port the Port of London, was presented to the House, BlU‘ arid read; Taking Notice of the Bill for rendering more commodious, dnd for better regulating, the Port of London', and Setting forth, That it will be a very great Hardship upon the Petitioners to be con *

(trained to have Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Produce of the West Indies, belonging or consigned to them, landed at the Quays or Wharfs in the Dock or Docks proposed to be made, subject to the Duties laid by, and the Regulations contained in, the said Bill, although they might prefer the Landing of them at other Docks and Quays more convenient to them; and it will be a very grievous Hindrance and Delay to their Trade, if they should find it more convenient to have the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, stored arid de-polited in Warehouses not belonging, or near to such Quays or Wharfs, and if they were obliged to bring their Ships into the said Docks, and thereby become subject to the Provisions and Regulations or the said Bill, although they may not have Occasion to make use of such Docks, and may be able to procure more suitable and convenient Docks and Accommodations in other Parts of the said Port of London: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affest them; and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the 1

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved. That the Report which, Report on upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Paving PetL are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in tlon, re-com Execution Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty- ntitte<1 fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from The Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence, by Road Church, to Beckington, in the1 County of Somerset, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repealing so muqh of an Act, made in the same Year, for

repairing

39 Geo. III.

if Martit.

iSi

repairing several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to a Road from a Place in Bridge Lane to Midford, and from Freshford to Hall's CloJ'e in Limpley Stoke, and for amending the said Roads, and also several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the said Acts, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Kynaston Powell, Se: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir 'Thomas Charles Bunlury reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Guardians of the Poor

being Inhabitants of the Town of Trowbridge aforesaid, within the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk, was referred, might be again readi was referred j That the Committee had examined the

And the same being read accordingly j Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

Samford Poor Petition, reported.

feteLt Static-ton and Kim-bdton Roads Petition, re-jarted.

delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz-.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Petitioners were authorized to erect and fit up certain Build -

Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Lord Frederick Montagu reported from the Commit- tec, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees nominated and appointed in, or by virtue of, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown's Lane, in Great Stanghton, in ings for the Reception and Employment of the Poor, the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and and to borrow Money to defray the Expenc® thereof, Higham Ferrers, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough and also to make certain Rates! or Assessments upon the Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Inhabitants of the said Hundred, for paying the Interest Pound in Kimbolton: to the Way Poll in Great Catworthof the Money so to be borrowed, and for defraying the Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Hun- Expence attending the Management, Support, and tingdon, and also of another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Maintenance of the Poor; and divers other Powers and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for con- Authorities were given to the Petitioners, for carrying tinuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the the Purposes of the said Act into Execution: And,

above-mentioned Act, and for repealing so much of an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Brown's Lane and the South End thereof, was referred $ That the Committee had examined, and found that the

Mr. William Pearson, being examined, said, That, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities aforesaid, the Petitioners have caused a House of Industry, and other Buildings, to be erected and fitted up in the Parish of Tattingstone, in the said Hundred, for the Reception and ~ a

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Employment of the Poor; and a great Number of Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee poor Persons have been received, and are now raaintain-had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had ed and employed therein, and a considerable Sum of directed him to leport the fame, as it appeared to them. Money hath been borrowed, and is now due, upon the to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, which hath and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: been applied in defraying the Expence of erecting the

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. said House and other Buildings, and in fitting up and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said furnishing the fame, and in the Support and Mainte-Acts were read: And, nance of the Poor; that the Number of the Poor,

Mr. William Day, being examined, said. That the within the said Hundred, hath of late Years very much Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said. increased, and the said House is found too small for their Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money Reception, and the Money arising by the said Rates or upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Assessments is found, from the Advance, in the Pried has been duly applied according to the Directions of the of Provisions, and otherwise, greatly insufficient for the said Act; that the said Money cannot be repaid, nor Support and Maintenance of the Poor within the said the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term Hundred; and that the said Act is, in other Respects, granted by the said Acts be further continued, and ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended, and, par-i'ome Alterations and Amendments made thereto. And ticularly, a certain Clause in the said Act, intending to the Witness added, That it will be necessary to have an empower the said Directors and acting Guardians therein Increase of the Tolls, or some of them. mentioned, to apprentice out poor Children maintain-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ed by them, is found incapable of being carried into continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Effect. And the Witness further said. That the several Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign Purposes before-mentioned might be better effected if of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the the said Act was to be repealed, and further and other Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Powers granted, to enable the Petitioners more for repairing the Roads from the North End of Brown's effectually to support and maintain the said Poor. Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, Then,

to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kim-

bolton, to the Way Poll near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon: And that Lord Frederick Montagu and Mr. Fordyce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ferem Towing Path Bill, committee} *

Charles Berners Junior, Esquire, and Mr, Charles Twitchit, Clerk to the Guardians and Governors of the said Poor, being severally examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual Relief and Employment of A Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of

th? Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Suffolk: And that Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury and Lord

intituled, "An Act for making, and keeping in Repair, Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

" a Road or Passage for Horles on the Banks of the

* River Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a Place Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Accalled The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, for count of the Money advanced by the Bank of England, v>iiilcu uy u " haling and drawing Vessels along the said River, and for the Public Service, and outltanding on the: 7th of Bank, teb *

" for other Purposes therein mentioned," was read a December 1798, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Pn,fed'

Second Time. Use of the Members of the House.

VOL.54. ' 3 X Ordered,

Account of Money advanced by tho

262

.6

Mattii.

A. 1799.

Member added to bring in Expiring Law Bill, (Cambric

Order si, Thit Mr. Douglas bfc added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the First of the Resolutions, which were Yesterday reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

Account of

The House being informed that Mr. Irving (Inspec-

Raiv Materials jor General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) ltnportec^ pre- - - — 1 r -

Day of March, and the other, Chapter Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange, " under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and also to amend the said " Act, and further to continue the fame, so amended, " until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thuefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of the principal Arti- House, upon the said Bill, cles in Nature of Raw Materials, imported into, and

used in Manufactures in, Great Britain, on an Annual , That such a Number of Copies of the

Medium, of the following Periods, videlicet, the Five several Accounts, which were presented to the House Years preceding the 5th of January 1776, the Five Years by Mr. and Mr. Irving, upon Friday last, and also preceding the 5th of January 1787, the Five Years pre- of the Account which was this Day presented to the ceding the 5th of January 1792, and the Five Years pre- House by Mr. Irving, be- printed, as shall be sufficient ceding the 5th of January 1799; distinguishing each for the Use of the Members of the House.

Accounts tef be printed *

Expiring Law bill,

( Cambric ks) preleuted.

Article.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to

Bill to amend Attornies *

&c. Stamp Duty Act, or dcred *

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to " Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in " England therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Order, a Bill to revive and continue an Act, passed in amend the said Act: And that Mr. Attorney General, the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. IVigley, do prepare, and'

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the Im- bring in, the fame.

" portation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this

" Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Pro- Proceedings

" except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Ex- ceedings of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace

Account of

Sugar and Kum imported and exported, ordered.

for the County of Middlesex, holden in the Month of January 1799, respecting several Matters relating to the House of Correction for the said County, and certain Prisoners confined in that Prison, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

respecting the House of Xor-rection for Middlesex, to be printed.

" portationAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugar

and Rum imported into, and exported from. Great Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addref.for Britain, betw een the 5th Day of January 1797 and the His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give

gistrates re-lpefting Pri-fonsin Middlesex.

The Lords have arroed to

5th Day of January 1798, distinguishing the Places from whence the same have been imported; with the Amount of the Duties received, and the Drawbacks and Bounties paid thereon.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

Pierre Papil-lon's, See. Nat. Bill.

Bill to continue Eiiglish Small Notes Act, committed.

Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report of the Committee of Mamstrates appointed to inspect the general Concerns of the Prisons of the County of Middlesex, which was laid before the General Sessions of the Peace for the said County, on the 21st Day of February last, and transmitted to his Grace the Duke of Portland.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His

for naturalizing Pierre Jacques Papillon and Francois Papillon; without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Pierre Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council

A Bill further to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, on the Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, intituled, "An Act to continue, until " the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, made in the last Session " of Parliament, Chapter Seven, on the Second Day of " December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyleven, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Cominerlcement of " the next Session of Parliament, Two several Acts, " passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the " Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present

one, Ch? --a-- Tenth *

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. Long upon the 4th Day of January last, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Papers to be printed.

Committee on Act for regulating the

The House wfas moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the First Day of August One thousand |i'a1^sms°f Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the Shipping and " carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of " Africa," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; ' *

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider of the said Act.

The

9 Geo. 111.

5° — 6°

6 %

ftporttd.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr! Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. IViIberforce took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, That

he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same *

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr.- Wilberforce accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to

" Goods imposed and exported, and oh the Tonnage1 of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or " from Foreign Ports, until the ligning the Preliminary " Articles of Peace," as prevents Ships failing without Convoy be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jeffery took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jeffery reported from the Committee, That he

move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, explain and amend an Act, made in the last Section of when the House will please to receive the same;

>31, ordered.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Jeffery accordingly reported from the said Com1 reported; mittee. That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit Ships to fail from certain Ports in the Island of Newfoundland without Convoy.

And Mr. Jeffery moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Newfound-

cl: — c.______t> — i.„ i/i — i „c land Ship *

Committee on. Motion for Bill to limit the Trading for Slaves.

Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the " FirstDayof AttguflOne thousand Seven hundred and

" Ninety-nine, the Shipping and carrying of Slaves in " British Veil els from the Coast of Africa I'

And Mr. Wilberforce moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Section of

Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until _

" the First Day ot Attgujl One thousand Seven hun-> permit Ships to fail from certain Ports in the Island of ordered;

" dred and Ninety-nine, the Shipping and carrying of Newfoundland without Convoy: And that Mr. Jeffery,

" Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa:" Mr. Rand Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the And that Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. William Smith, and Sir fame.

William Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke reported from the Committee, Burton upon A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and increasing, in a Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coalt altering, and enlarging, the Powers of Two several Acts, committed of Africa, within certain Limits; palfed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Bill, reported.

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Confederation of a Committee of the whole House. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair-'

Refolded, That this House will, immediately, resolve ing and widening the Road from the West End of the itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, of that Motion. through the said Town, to the South End of the Town

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said of Derby, in the County of Derby, was re-committed; That

ftportedk

the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Bill, ordered.

Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Wilberforce accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits.

And Mr. Wilberforce moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, upon Thursday Morning next, within certain Limits: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Thornton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being readj

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrafted) for punishing Mutiny Bill Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of deferred, the Army and their Quarters, be read the Third Time

Bj) to amend the Income Duty A&, cteicxred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Time for returning Assessments under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties " imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the

Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual " Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain " Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Martii J

Anno 39' Georgii III111 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

J ^ORD Vifcotint Stopford reported to the House, Answerno

Commi t ee An A £ for Fro tcQion of T rade.

___ That their Addresses of Monday last (that His Adressc‘ *

Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House several Charges upon the Fund arising from the Duties to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Four-and-an-Half per Centum in and the

to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Section Leeward JJlands, together with the Names of the Per-of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Pro- fons paid out of the fame, for the last Twenty Years,

" testion of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for distinguishing each Year; and also, that His Majesty " granting new and additional Duties of Customs on would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Yot. 54. there

4(54

there be laid before this House, an Account of the Charges incurred and paid for Secret Service Money, for the last Twenty-five Years, distinguishing each Year, and what Sums have been made good by Parliament) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Lord Viscount Stopford aHo reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House a Copy of the Report of the Committee of Magistrates appointed to inspect the general Concerns of the Prisons of the County of Middlesex, which was laid before the General Sessions of the Peace for the said County, on the 21st Day of February last, and transmitted to his Grace the Duke of Portland) had been presented to His Majesty; And that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this, House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Fofton Bridge Mr. Wood presented to the House, according to Order, E^vton ' a for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads Bill, Road from Fofton Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to yrelented. Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rrtaentiam An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, pid'td.Ure 8'' ' the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Remenham, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Remenham, in the County of Berks. *

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Saint Bride's, An ingrossed Bill-for the better Relief and Employ-BiU, passeiL ment of the Poor of the Parish of Bridget,

otherwise Saint Bride, Fleet Street, in the City of London,

" was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of S Bridget, otherwise Bride, Fleet Street, in the City of London.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

toughbo- Sir Edmund Cradock presented to the House,

AmbVdela according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, Zouch Road and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, Sill, presented. one passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempfton, in the Counties of Leicester

and Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lords A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

have agr ai to Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

Exchequer The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bills mu. for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand 3

A. 17 99.

Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; without any Amend-, ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr- Jeffery presented to the House, according to Newfound-Order, a Bill to permit Ships to fail from certain Ports of the Island of Newfoundland, without Convoy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and in- Burton upon creasing, altering, and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the paired. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the] County of >

Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and increasing, altering, and enlarging, the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his lp.te Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town vof Derby, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Dudley North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this Bill to contl-present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to s^luNote " continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One Act, onkt«4, " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and " amend, an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Two,

" videlicet, on the Thirtieth Day of November One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled,

" An Act to continue, until the Expiration df Thirty " Days after the Commencement of the next Session " of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years " of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and " Thirty-seven, videlicet, on the Twentieth of July One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled,

" An Act to continue an Act, made in this present " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to revive " and continue, for a limited Time, and amend, an " Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, to ifiiie Notes for Sums under a certain " Amount, for a limited Time; and for indemnifying " all Persons who have issued Notes for small Sums " of Money, in that Part of the United Kingdom, for " a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to . continue the said Act, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. William Dundas and Mr. Ferguson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Expiring Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma- L ws Bill, jesty, intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the Impor- conmbtted. " tation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this " Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland,

" except for the Purpose of being warehoused for " Exploitation," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

6° MartU.

39 Geo. lit

6° Mar

265

Rye Writ.

Order for Committee on Bill for extending the Volunteer Corps Exemption A&, discharged, and another Bill, ordered.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr; Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of

Stifle.x1, in the Room of the Right honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, commonly called Lord who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " exempting, during the present War, certain Persons, " serving in Volunteer Corps, from being ballotted for the Supplementary Militia, under certain Conditions, " and for making out new Lists of Men liable to serve " in the said Militia," to Volunteer Corps raised under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for giving further Time for transmitting Copies of the Muster Rolls of Volunteer Corps who shall claim the Exemption granted by the said first-mentioned Act;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to, bring in a Bill for exempting Persons, serving in Volunteer Corps and Afi'ociations, from being ballotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions: And that Mr. Secretary Dun-

das, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

and Mr. William Duttdus, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's c!v!I Lift Command,

An Account of the Monies granted by the Acus of Parliament of the First and Seventeenth Years of His Majesty's Reign, with the Imprest and other Monies paid into the Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of His Majesty's Civil Government, for Three Years, from the 5th January 1796 to the 5th January 1799, and the Charge thereupon, as near as the same can be ascertained: And also.

An Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Charge of the same in the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1797, with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year: And also;

An Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Charge of the same in the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1798, with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year: And also.

An Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Charge of the same in the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1799, with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; ,

1

VOL. 54.

3 *

An

6° Martii

A. 1799.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies granted by the Acts of Parliament of the Fiift and Seventeenth Years of His Majesty's CIVIL GOVERNMENT, for Three Years, from 5th January 1796

Dr

MONIES paid into the EXCHEQUER.

TO the Annuity of £. 800,000, granted by an Act of 1 Geo. III. and of the £. 100,000, ky the Act of 17 Geo. III. for the £. s. d.

Year ended the 5th January 1797 - - - 900,000 — —

To Cash paid by Edward Roberts, Esq. First Clerk to Clerk of the Pells, for £ ' d-

a Proportion of the Surplus Fees at the Exchequer - - 30,000 —

To Cash paid into the Exchequer by W. Chinnery, Esq. received by him from the

109 17 2

To Cash taken out of the Produce of 4 Per Cent. Duties - - . - - 40,000 — ' — "

* l7 2

£ ^7°>i09 l7 2

TO the Annuity of £. 800,000, and of £. 100,000, for the Year ended the 5th 900;oco —

January 1798 ——

To Cash paid by fdw'ard Roberts, Esq. First Clerk to Clerk of the Pells, for £ ' d-

a Proportion of Surplus Fees at the Exchequer - - 19,17s 1 2

To Cash paid into the Exchequer by W. Chinnery, Esq. received by him from the

g,5o° 21,675 1 a

' 921,6-j x 3

TO the Annuity of £.800,000, and of £. 100,000, for the Year ended the 5th

January 1799 9°°'oo°

To Cash paid by Edward Roberts, Esq. First Clerk td Clerk of the Pells, for a

Proportion of Surplus Fees at the Exchequer 31,39° 11

To Cash paid into the Exchequer by W. Chinnery, Esq. received by him from the

Supprcfled Offices 2,600 —

i 0 Cash taken out of the Produce of 4! Per Cent. Duties - 40,000 ' — '

73,900 11 —

) — ^£^3 >990 11 —

£ 2

1 0 r _ 9 4

39 Geo. III.

6° Martii.

267

His Majesty's Reign, with the Imprest and other Monies paid into the Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of, to 5th January 1799, and the Charge thereupon, as near as the same can be estimated; viz.

By the Charges and Expences of His Majesty's CIVIL GOVERNMENT.

5th January 1797. 5th January 1798. 5th January 1799.

£ ' d- £ ' d- £ ' d-

ift CLASS. — The PenSonsand Allowances to the Royal Family 2d CLASS. — The Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Speaker of the House of Commons, 203,000 — — 203,000 — — 203,625 — —

the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, and Common Pleas, and Barons of Exchequer, the Chief,

Justice of Cheller, and justices of the Great Session

of the Principality of Wales -3d CLASS. — The Ministersto Foreign Courts, being resident at 32,320 — — 32.95s 32,955

the said Courts ----- - 4th CLASS. — The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and 7i»58° 3 3 63,614 10 2 58,653 12 24

Labourers, for any Articles supplied, or any Works

done for His Majesty's Service - 196,283 17 4j 189,859 2 7J 165,190 1 6|

5th CLASS. — The Menial Servants of His Majesty's Household - 90,835 6 11 89,871 10 11 90,488 17 —

6th CL ASS. — For Pcnlions and Compensations ( 7th CLASS. — For Salaries of all other Persons payable out of the 114,804 12 4-4 112,270 10 1 109,493 12 3

Civil List Revenues -8th CLASS. — The Salaries and Pensions of the Commissioners of 67,381 16 — 67,381 16 — 67,381 16 —

the Treasury, and the Chancellor vof the Exchequer ----- -- 13,822 — — 13,822 — — 13,82a — —

Occasional and Contingent Expences ----- 182,412 18 10J 248,238 11 4 229,436 19 64

£ 972,446 410 1,021,013 1 971,046 18 6|

The Amount of the lifonics applicable tothi e Payment of the above Expences; (vide per Contra) -

Deficiency for answering the said Expences

TOTALS.

2,964.506 4 5 *

2,865,775 9 4

V'oi. 54.

An

268

6° Mar Hi.

A. 1799,

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Charge of the CIVIL LIST, as Estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Charge of the same in the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1797 j with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year.

Estimated Annual Charge

of Increase, Decrease,

Cr 7 9 7 0 . HIS MAJESTY'S CIVIL LIST,

/ N / "\

According to the In the Year ending

Account laid before the 5 th of January In the Year ending the 5th of January

First Class: The Pensions and Allowances of the ROYAL FAMILY: Parliament. 17 9 7- 1797 ‘

£ ' d- £ <6 £. j. £. s. J.

His Majesty's Privy Purfc ----- - 60,000 — 60,000 —

The Queen ----- -- 58,000 — — 58,000

The Prince of Wales ----- - 50,000 — 60,000 — — 10,000 — —

The Duke of York, Prince William, and the other Princes 14,500 - - 14,500 — —

The Duke of Cumberland ----- - 9,000 — - 9,000 — —

The PrinctTs Amelia ----- -- 12,000 " - - 12,000 — —

The Duke of York ----- -- 12,000 — — 12,000 — —

The Princes Edward, Ernest, Augustus, and Adolphus - - 9,000 — — 9,000 — —

The Duchess of Cumberland ----- - 4,000 — — 4,000 — —

£ 203,500 — — 203,000 — — 35,000 35,500 —

Second Class:

Payment of the S AL A RI E S. of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lord Commissioners of the Great Seal, the

Speaker of the House of Commons, and Judges of the Court of King's Bench, and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the Exchequer, the Chief Justice of Chester, and the Justices of the Courts of Great Session in the

Principality of Wales.

Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissionera of the

Great Seal - -- -- - 5,000 — — 5,000

Speaker of the House of Commons, £.5 a Day - 1,825 — — 1,190 — — 635 — —

Judges of the Court of King's Bench - - 8,500 8,500

J udges of the Court of Common Pleas - - 7,500 7,500

Barons of the Exchequer ----- - 6,500 — — 1 1 O O VO

Chief Jufldceof Chester ----- - 73° 73o

Justices of the Court of Great Session in Wales - - 2,900 — — 2,900 — —

£ 3 955 32,320 . 635 —

Third Class:

SALARIES to Ministers to Foreign Courts, being resident at the said Courts.

FRANCE: £. s. j. \

Atnbaftador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 100 a Week - 5,214. 5 8

D - - ExtraordinaryDisbursements ----- i,6oq — — V

Secretary to the Embassy, 40/. a Day ----- 730 — —

D® 1 - Extraordinary Disbursements 400 — — 7.94 S 8 7,944 5 8

SPAIN: 8,251 8 7

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 100 a Week - 5,214 5 8 - \

D - - Extraordinary Disbursements - i,6oo — —

Secretary to the Embassy, 40/. a Day ----- 730 — — 564,) 1,417 2 11

D® - - Extraordinary Disbursementt - 400 — 7.944 5 8 546

PORTUGAL;

Minister Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, Day - 2,920 — —

X>® - Extraordinary Disbursements 300 — — 3,220 3,228 — — 8

Borne forward - 19,108 11 4 12,589 8 7 1,425 2 11 7,944 5 8

39 Geo. Ill

6° Martii

285

(1799.) Third Class — continued. \ ElYimated Annual Charge of HIS MAJESTY'S CIVIL LIST, Increase, Decrease,

I r According to the Account laid before Parliament, In the Year ending the 5th January 179 9 ( In the Year Ending the 5th January 179 9 *

Borne forward - 1 TURIN: Envoy Extraordinary /.5 a Day ----- £.1,825 — — 1 D° - Extraordinary Disbursements ----- 400 — — I £ ' d. 19,108 11 4 2,225 }- - £ s. 3,220 — — 3,320 — — 545 — — £. s. d. 7 £. d. 15,888 11 4

Secretary of Legation ----- -- Charge des Affaires - -- -- - 365 — 180 — — 3 1,640

NICE: 340 — — 340 — —

NAPLES: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary £. 8 a Day D° - Extraordinary Disbursements ----- 11 1 1 0 0 N O 0\ '« - 3,320 2,120 — — ' 3,320 2,225 — — 280 — —

J FLORENCE: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary ^.8a Day D® - Extraordinary Disbursements ----- 2,920 — — ^OO — 1 815

Extra Extraordinaries - } '

VENICE: Resident £ 3 a Day - -- -- -D° - Extraordinary Disbursements ----- 1,095 400 — — - 2.495 — — 1,495

SWISS CANTONS: Charge des Affaires ----- - 250 — — 365 — — 115

CONSTANTINOPLE: Ambassador ^.3 a Day ----- -- Secretary Legation - 470 — — 275 1- ' 55° — —

HOLLAND: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 10 a Day - D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - Deputy Conservator at Campveere - His Majesty's Agent at Rotterdam - - - - 3,650 1,600 — 120 — — 248 5,6.8 3,530 5,618 — —

VIENNA: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary £. 8 a Day D° - Extraordinary Disbursements ----- 2,920 — — 600 — — 5,250 365

Secretary Legation J 2 095

BRUSSELS: Minister Plenipotentiary £. 5 a Day -D° - Extraordinary Disbursements ----- i,r25 — — 4OO — 2,225 . [ 1 3,680 — — 1 0.22C mb mmm - 2,225 — —

RUSSIA: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary/ . 8 a Day D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - - . - 2,920 — — 600 — 5,250 3,685 — — 2,225 — — 365 1,730 1

BERLIN: Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary/ . 8 a Day -D3 - Extraordinary Disbursements 2,920 — — 400 — —

SWEDEN: Envoy Extraordinary at Stockholm / . 5 a Day - D® - Extraordinary Disbursements ----- 1,8 5 400 —

Secretary Legation - } 36S

DENMARK: Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary / . 8 a Day DJ - Extraordinary Disbursements - 2,920 — — 400 — — 3,320 2,225 — — 365 — —

Secretary Legation -' - } - - 73° — —

POLAND: Minister at Warsaw / . 3 a Day D® - Extraordinary Disbursements - - I >095 400 — — >495 — — 2,225 — — 1 ~ >.495

DRESDEN: Envoy Extraordinary / . 5 a Day -D° - Extraordinary Disbursements - 1,825 — — 400 — — — 3,320 .365

Secretary Legation - } 1,460

HANS TOWNS: Minister £: 3 a Day ----- --- 2> - Extraordinary Disbursements - - - - 1,095 300 — — 1 >,395 >.395

Borne forward: = £ 1 60,376 11 4 38,^70 — — 7,410 28,816 11 4

VOL. 54. S 4D

27°

6 Martii.

J.1799.

(T 797 )

Third Class — continued.

Bora forward -

EtECTOR PALATIN?: £.

U €

d.

Minister at Ratilbon, £. 3 a Day -D - - Extraordinary Dilburfcments

»°95

300

ELECTOR OF COLOGNE:

Minister, £. 3 a Day

D° - - Extraordinary Difourfements

1,095

300

Minister at Genoa

D° - - America -

Secretary of Legation to America.

Charge des Affairs at 1> -

Minister to the Landgrave of HefTe CafTcl -

Consul to Madrid -

Consul at Cadiz -

Consul at Carthagena -

Consul at Naples - - - *

Consul at Corunna Galicia -

Consul at Genoa -

Consul General at Morocco - -

Consul at Tunis -

Consul at Tripoli -

D° - Extraordinary Disbursemeqts - -

Consul at Zante ----- .

Consul at Algiers - - ‘ - 1

D° - - Extraordinary Disbursements -

Agent and Confijl Lower Saxony - .

Consul at Oftent), Newport, and Bruges

Consul at Maftaqhufett's Bay - - —

Consul at Triefles - -

Consul at Virginia ——

Consul at Majorca, Minorca, and Xyica Consul in North and South Caroling and Georgia Consul General do America -D° - - to United States in D®

CenAtl General at Grand Cairo -- *

380 — — 25a — ' —

m

600 — —

485 6

Estimated Annual Charge of

HIS MAJESTY'S CIVIL LIST,

According to the Account laid before Parliament.

£. ' 60.376 11 4

.395 " —

1.395 ——

400 — —

IjOOOO --- —

2 OO — —

300 r — --

400 — —

250 -

25° -

800 -- —

500--

} 630 ——

| 1,085 11 5

200 — — 120 — ---

200 —

1,000 -- —

35° ——

70,852 2 JO

Fourth Class:, 1

The Approved BILLS of all Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labourers, for any Articles supplied or Work done for His Majesty's Service, j

Bills within the Def&rtment of the Lord Chamberlain -

D° - -- -- of the Lord Steward ——

D° ----- -- of the Mailer of the Horse - -

D° ----- -- of the Mailer of the Robes -

D° - - - - of the Usher of the Court of Exchequer

D° ----- -- of the Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer -

D° for Printing, &c. ....

D° for Stationary for the Houses of Lords and Commons -

D# of Tradesmen to the young Princes ——

1 -

Fi fth Cl ass:

The Menial S E R V A N T S. of His Majesty's Houshold:

The Lord Steward, paid at the Exchequer -Salaries to the Houshold -

Allowances to Do -

Board-Wages to Persons not under the Lord Steward D° - - - to the Chapels

Wages tQ the Chapels ——

The Lord Chamberlain, paid at thq Exchequer Salaries in the Lord Chamberlain's Office -Vice Chamberlain, paid at the Exchequer ... The Groom of the Stole, at D° -

Twelve Gentlemen of His Majesty's Bedchamber, paid at D° Thirteen Grooms of D° ----- ----- D *

Apothecary to His Majesty .....D°

D° - - - to the Houshold - --- - - - - D°

Salaries in the Office of the Mailer of the Horse -Salaries in the Office of the Mailer of the Robes -

>54° 4 — 15,204 4 —

6,573 7 6

740 ——

4.67 9 7 7 4 5 4 7

3,000 — -

23,673 1 9 600 — — 2,000 " —

12,000 ——

6,500 ——

115 ——

53 6 8

43.000

50.000

23.000

2.200

1.200

7.000

7.000 2,800

11.000

147,200 — —

In the Year ending the 5th January 797-

' £ 5°»85S

J. if.

» 7

2,130 ——

1,398 ——

1,498 — — 3.945 6 *

304 ——

262 — - — 500 — — 1,000 — — 200 — —

3OO ——

400 -

250 -- —

250 -- —

1,180 -- —

890 -

- 38O — ---

200 -- —

609 17

4OO — —

5OO — -

25^ ——

goo — -w-

250 — — 80O — — 1,73° IQ — >387 -

71,580 13- 31

Increase,

Pecrease,

In the Year Ending the 5th January 1 7 9 7-

£. s. d.

10,484 2 11

,735 -

1,498 ——

2,945 16 11 304 — — 262 — — joo — —

380

SCO

200 — —

400 — —

500 ——

130 — — SOQ 50 ——

80O — — 73O IO — -

«387 -

22,009 9 10

£. /. d.

20,005 5 »

250 — —

475 3 8£

200 — — '

350 ——

21,280 19 4£

59,866 3

79.885 >7 26,798 17 2,202 .43 ,947 1 1,670 2>48S

9

8

10

6

2

4?

196,288 17 4J

16,866 3 9

29,885 17 8

3,798 17 10 2 14 6

231 1 —

4,947 16 2

4>67° 7 4z

3 M

11,000

— 11

60,402 18 3£ 11,314 — it

29,153 3 8

47 94 5 12,790 19 4 1,080 — —

90,965 IS . 5

28,418 7 9

48,369 10 1

12,967 9 *

1,080 — — 90,835 6 11

427 17 8

176 9 9

604 7 5

734 5 »

734 5 *

39 Geo. III.

6° Maria.

287

( 799 )

Sixth Class:

PENSIONS.

Pensions formerly paid at the Treasury -

- formerly paid by Paymaster of Pensions D° - to the late Queen Caroline, and late Princess of Wales'# Servants -D° - by Sign Manuals - -

D° - by Patents and Privy Seals - - - ' >

D# - late Ministers at Foreign Courts -

One Contingent Pension -One - D° -

£ 24.354 h —

38.544 19 —

J 11,056 — 4

»,54» 11 —

12,604 -

8,975 -

Annual Bounty, paid in the Office of the Lord Steward Quarterly Bounty - D°

Compensations to Persons under the Lord Steward D° to the Persons paid in his Office -

D° - to Persons paid in the Office of the Lord Cham-

berlain

D° - paid in the Office of the Matter 7

of the Horse - - J 1,0

Pensions in D6 - - - - 701 5

Compensations in the Office of the Mailer of the Robes

' Estimated Annual Charge of

Seventh Class:

SALARIES of other Places, payable out of the Civil List Revenues.

Two Grooms of the Exchequer, at £, 1 per Annum each Organ Blower at Whitehall Chapel Rent of Padage into Channel Row -Sir John Hynde Cotton, on a Perpetuity 48 King's Watermen, at^ . 3. 2 . 6d. a Year each 12 Perifionary D°

Clerks in the Pipe Office -D° of the Pells in the Tally Court -Clerk of the Pleas ——

Vicar of the Tower ——

TJiher of the Exchequer -Minister of St. Uotolph, Perpetuity Clerks in the King's Remembrancer's Office -Organist in Whitehall Chapel -Churchwardens of St. John's, Perpetuity Secondaries the Office of King's Remembrancer X)° - in the Office of Treasurer's Remembrancer

Housekeeper at Westminster

Two Secondaries in the Pipe Office £. 10 a Year each A Person to lift the Water at the Treasury University of Oxford, Perpetuity for a Preacher D° - of Cambridge - D° - D° -

D - of D° - -

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield D°

Schoolmaster of Southwell - D°

Reader at Whitehall Chapel - D° -Clerk at - D° - D° -Clerk of the House of Commons D -Clerks of the Office of Treasurer's Remembrancer Churchwardens of St. Michael's, Perpetuity University of Cambridge - D° Divinity Lecture D° - of Oxford - - D - D°

Vicar of Litchfield - - D°

Emanuel College - - D° -

Clerk of the Deliveries in the Ordnance 1/. a Day Clerk of the Nichells -Porter of the Exchequer -Gentlemen of t)^ Chapel, in lieu of 3 Deer Four Pursuivants at Arms £. 20 each -Clerk of the Ellreats in the Common Pleas -Advocate General ——

Under Keepers of Cranbourn Chace -Churchwardens of St. Magnus Lothbury, Perpetuity

Borne forward

HIS MAJESTY'S CIVIL LIST,

r

According to the In the Year ending

Account laid before the 5th January

Parliament. 17 9 9 *

£ d. £ d.

IOI»557 + 4 96,215 KJ 4

16,631 18 10 13.278 I 11

118,189 3 2 io9>493 3

2 2 —

3 10 — 20

568 568

150 ISO

37 10 — 37 0 —

411 8 4 11 8

5 — — 5 — — .

6 10 — 6 10 —

6 .3 4 6 13 4

6 13 4 -

7 7

7 13 4 7 3 4

8 — — 8

7 3 4 7 3 4

8 8

9 9

926 926

20 20

10 10

10 — — 10 — —

10 10 — —

10

10 10 — —

10 10

10 — — 10

10 — — lo

10 — — 10

11 5 — 11 5 _

22 4 — 12 4 —

13 6 8 13 6 8

1368 1368

15 x5 ~ T"

16 ,3 4 16 13 +

.18 s — 18 5 —

20 — — 20

20 20 — —

20 — 20 — —

80 80 — —

20 20

20 20

20 20

21 4 8 214 8

1 7»7 9 6 7 7 *

Increase,

Decrrease,

In the Year Ending the 5th January 17 99 *

£ </

£. s. d.

5,341 14 —

3.353 16 1 1

8,69$ 1° 11

l6 IO —

6 13 4

16 10 —

6 13 4

Vo-L. 54.

A. 1799

288

6° Martii.

0 799 )

Seventh Class — continued.

Borne forward -

Eight Heralds £.26. 13/. 4 d. each ——

Second Secondary in Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office -Turncock at St. James's ——

Office Keeper to the Lord Chamberlain's Office -A Per Ion to attend and work the Great Water Engine at Windsor Gallic Keeper of the King's Swans ——

Twenty-four Whitehall Preachers, £. 30. per Annum each - - - .

Turncocks at Whitehall -

Three Tellers of the Exchequer, £.31. 13 s. 4d. each

Senior Teller of the Exchequer Clerks of the Exchequer - -

Surveyor General of the Ordnance, 2 s. a Day -Clerk of the Ordnance - - - D°

Mailer of the Temple - -

Plumber in the Office of Works ——

Three Kings at Arms £.40. each ——

Ranger of Salcey Forcll ——

ProfelTor of Phytic at Oxford ——

D° - of Law at D° ——

Foreign Appofer in the Exchequer -

Regius Prolellor of Laws, Cambridge -

Proiciior of Phytic, D° - - - - _ -

Reader at Hampton Court Chapel ——

Messenger to the Order of the Bath - - } -

Keeper of all the Engines - -

Trc^surer of the Ordnance ——

Comptroller of the Pipe ——

Twelve King's Council, at £.40. each ——

Dartmouth Corporation, Perpetuity ——

The King's Organ Builder ——

Person for providing Strings for Musical Inilruments, &c.

Chamber Keeper to the Cockpit Rooms -

Ranger of Windsor Forest for Swainmote Courts - -

King's Heralds and Purluivants at Arms, for Attendance on Fellival Days King's First Serjeant ——

Eton College, Perpetuity -

Office Keeper to the Wardrobe ——

Thirty-four King's Messengers, £.45. each -Keepers of the Cquncil Chamber, u. 6d, a Day each (Two)

Office Keeper and Necessary Woman to the Commissioners for the Affairs of

India, £. 48. each ....

Gate Keeper in the Road to Fulham -

Three Messengers to the Office of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, £. 50. each - -

Mayor of Macclesfield, Annuity - .

Engraver of Seals....

King's Clerk in the Crown Office....

hegiftcrof Loans -

One Messenger to the Treasury - - - .

Principal Painter....

Store Keeper of the Ordnance, 3/. a Day....

King's Remembrancer, Exchequer....

Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for French Ministers, Savoy -Two Office Clerks of the Works, £.60. each

Messenger of the Press ....

Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer

Messenger of the Wardrobe....

Labourers in Trull in the Office of Works....

Carpenters and Joiners in D° -

Lieutenant General of the Ordnance

Solicitor General....

Gentleman Harbinger of the Band of Pensioners....

Office Keeper, Mefl'enger, and Porter in the Office of Works -

Messenger attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -

Keeper of the Council Chamber ~ - -- - - . „

Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court....

Two Clerks to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, /.80. each

Rat Killer..... _ .

Housekeeper to the Treasury ....

Ranger of St. James's Park -

Attorney General....

Register of the Order of the Bath . - .

Secretary of - D° ....

King at Arms -.....- .

Ranger of the Books at the Treasury -Gentleman Ulher of the Order of the Bath -

Mefl'enger of the Treasury Chambers - -

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats, Court of Exchequer -, Clerk of the Checquc to the King's Messengen *

Forty Gentlemen of Band of Pensioners, 100. each -

Borne forward

- - A

Estimated Annual Charge of HIS MAJESTY'S CIVIL LIST, Increase, Dccrease, — — ,

( According to the Account laid before Parliament. In the Year ending the 5th January 1 79 9 In the Year ending the 5th Januar 1799.

£. £ > A- £ s. d

717 9 6 727 6 2 16 10 — 6 13 4

— ON 00 213 6 8

26 13 4 26 13 10 — — 6

28 15 — 28 15 —

30 30

30 30

30 30

720 — — 720 — —

30 6 3 30 6 3

95 95

33 6 8 33 6 8

35 35

36 10 36 10 —

36 10 — 36 10 —

37 8 / 37 6 8

38 2 9 38 2 9

,20 120 — —

40 40

40 40

40 40

40 40

40 40

40 40

40 40

40 40

40 — — 40

40 40

40 40

480 800 — — 320

40 40 %

40 40

40 40

40 40

40 — — 40

41 41

41 6 10 41 6 10

42 42

45 45

i,53o 1,530

91 5 — 91 5 —

96 - — - - 96 — —

49 10 — 49 10 —

150 - - 150

50 50

50 50

50 50

50 - - 50

50 — - - 50

50 50

54 5 — 54 15 —

55 17 4 55 ,17 4

60 — — 60 — —

120 120 — —

60 60 — — .

64 2 1 64 2 1

65 — 65

747 10 — 635 - 112 10 —

195 1 6 198 10 3 389

66 13 4 66 13 4

70 70

70 70 3

72 17 9 7 17 9

73 73

73

74 3 4 74 3 4

160 - 160 — —

80 — — 80 — —

80 - - - 80

80 80

81 6 8 81 6 8

90 90

90 90

90 90

90 - - - - 9°

90 — — 90

90 16 8 ' - - 90 16 8

9613 4 96 13 4

99 ‘5 — 99 i5 — (

4»oco 1 4,000 —

12,905 — 8 IT908 19 11 339 >9 3 886

39 Geo. III.

6° Martii.

281

(1798.)

Seventh Cl ass —

EfUmated Annual Charge of HIS MAJESTY'S CIVIL LIST, Increafr, Lecrcafe,

( > 1 r

According to the In the Year ending In the Year

Account laid befute the 5th of January Ending the 5th of January

Parliament. 1 7 9«. 1798.

£- s. d. £ ' d. JT. d. £ d.

13 105 — 8 I2,5j8 19 11 339 19 3 8S6

100 — — 100

100 — — ICO — —

100 — — 100 — —

ICO — ICO — -

IOO IOO

IOO 100

IOO IOO

IOO IOO — —

IOO — — IOO —

100 — — ICO

i©o — — 100

1,100 — . — 1,100 v

100 — — IOO

100 — — 50 - 5°

2,200 — — - 2,100 — —

400 — — 400

100 — — IOO

IOO — 200 100 — — -

903 7 6 1,003 15 — 100 7 6

103 103

104 6 8 104 6 8

1o7 4 2 107 4 2

120 — — 120

121 13 4 121 13 4

>30; - - - . 130

3 3 4 l32 3 4

15° - 150

150 150. — ‘

150 150

150 150

150 150

156 10 — 56 10 100 — —

160 — — 160 — —

>75 >8 4 175 18 4

I78 IO — 178 10 —

182 IO — 182 10 —

180 — — 180

195 I6 8 19s 16 8

200 — — 200 —

200 — — 200 — —

200 — — 200

400 — — 1

200 — f 65o — 150

200 — — )

200 — — 200 — —

a 00 — — 200

aoo 200

200 200 — —

210 210 — —

2 I I — 211 — —

220 220 — —

228 2 6 228 2 6

230 5 6 230 5 6

1,000 — 1,000

320 — — 320

250 250 — —

'WS 7 4 L©35 7 4

263 6 8 263 6 8

270 — — 270

280 — — 280 — —

U) O 0 1 1 300 —

3OO 300

300 400 — IOO —

3OO - 300 - —

3OO 300

3IO 310 — —

318 318, — —

355 — — 355

367 15 — 367 IS "

370 10 —

400 — — 400 —

400 400 —

400 - - 4C0 — —

33 45 7 8 9.4 9 4 5 640 6 9 4,366

Borne forward -

Corporation of Lyme Regis -

D° - - - for repairing the Pier

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue - *

Ministers of the Hie of Man ——

Corporation of Berwick, for repairing the Bridge ——

Heirs of Colonel Fairfax, Perpetuity

D° - of Nicholas Yates, D° -

Mar dial of the Ceremonies ——

Clerk of the Wardrobe -

Poet Laureat ——

Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod -

Eleven Mailers in Chancery, £. 100 each - -

Garter King at Arms ——

Mailer of the Barges ——

22 Clerks of the Treasury ——

Four Clerks of the Council, £. 100 each ——

Clerk of the Works for the Tower, Newmarket, Greenwich House, and Winchester ——

Professor of Botany, Cambridge ——

Nine Serjeants at Arms, £. ico. 7 /. 6d. each - -

Assistant Clerk of the Wardrobe ——

Chamberlains of the Exchequer ——

Clerk of the Pipe ——

Clerk of the Cheque of the Band of Pensioners ——

Afliilant Mailer of the Ceremonies -1 ——

Accomptant to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -

Keeper of the Tennis Courts ——

Second Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India -

Supervisor of the Work of digesting Records ——

Mailer of Mechanics ——

Deputy Chamberlains in the Exchequer ——

Solicitor to the Court of Exchequer ——

Auditors Clerks in the Exchequer ——

Keeper of the Records at Whitehall - -

Mailer General of the Ordnance -

Keeper of New Park, Richmond, for Self and Under Keepers - - - - .

Governor of Wind for Callle, 10 r. a Day....

Clerks of the Works for D % Queen's Ledges, and some of the King's Houses in and about Windsor -

Knight Harbinger ——

Keeper of the Books, &c. of Forfeited Estates ——

King's Clockmaker, for cleaning, regulating, and winding up the Clocks at the several Palaces ——

Bishop of Cheder, for Four Preachers ——

Two Keepers of State Papers, £. 200 each....

More to them for Clerks....

More to them for Expences....

Clerk of the Works for Hampton Court, Palace Yard, Park Gardens, and Bulhy Park, and Care of the Waterworks and Langford River -Ulher of the Black Rod -

Clerk of the Works for St. James's, Whitehall, Westminster, and Care of the Pavements about Whitehall and Wedminller ——

One of the Solicitors to the Treasury

Con liable of Dean Fore 11 ——

Resident Clerk of the Works....

Clerk of the Works for Queen's House, Carleton House, Mews, Kensington Palace, and King's Road - -

Keeper of the Lions -

Keepers of the Lords Journals, for House Rent, See.

Four Clerks of the Council, £. 250. each....

Allronomer Royal - -

Clerk of the Works for Richmond, Kew, and New Park Lodge -

Four Messengers of the Exchequer, on their Salaries and Allowances,

£. 258. 16/. 1 od. each ....

Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer.

Warden of Waltham Forest ——

Latin Secretary - -- ....

Mailer of the Ceremonies - - - 200 — — .

D° - in lieu of Bills ..... 100 — —

British Mufeurh for Care of King's Libraries - - - .

Under Clerks of the Council for Attendance bn Matters of Trade -First Clerk to the Commissioners for the Affairs of India One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue Standard Bearer of the Band of Pensioners Resident Clerk of the Wardrobe Examining Clerk of the Works Clerk of the Pells -Chrrill's Hofnital -Inspector of His Majesty's Works, &c.

Professor of Modern History, Cambridge Keeper of Books and Papers at the Treasury

Borne forward -

Vo

L- 54 *

4 c

282

(1793.)

Seventh Class — continued.

Borne forward.

Chief Clerk to the Com mill!oners for Affairs of India -Professor of Modern History, Oxford

Examiner of Plays ——

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue

Keeper of the Records in the Receipt of Exchequer, and at the Chapter-House 1

Westminster, himself 400. — Clerks £.500.....f

Ulher of the Exchequer for Ten Watchmen and Two Superintendant *

Auditor of the Exchequer - -

Office Keeper at the Treasury, for Attendants and Disbursements ... Lieutenant of the Band of Pensioners ——

Keeper of Council Records

R iding Forefler ot New Forest....

Four Under Secretaries of State, ^.500. each ——

Keeper of Records in the Tmv-r ——

Surveyor or Comptroller of the Works - -

Chancellor of the Garter

Officers of Windsor Forest ——

Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons -

Under Secretary to Commissioners for Affairs of India -

Solicitor to D -

Out Ranger of Windsor Forest ——

Captain of the Band of Pensioners

Surveyor of Lands ——

Matter of the Hawks -

Ranger of Hyde and St. James's Parks ——

Secretary to the Commissioners for Affairs of India -

Chief Justice in Eyre North of Trent - -

Clerk of the Hanaper^-for the Expences of that Office -

Lord Privy Seal ——

Chief Justice in Eyre South of Trent ——

Lord President ——

Constable of Dover Cattle ——

Secretary of State ——

D° - - D° ——

Professor of Botany, Oxford -

Keeper of the House Park, Windsor - - - - .

D° - Outward Gate, Windsor Cattle ——

Officers of Committee of Trade -,-

Eighth Class.

The Salaries and Pensions of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury -First Commissioner of the Treasury Chancellor of the Exchequer

rtii. A. 1799.

Estimated Annual Charge

of Increase, Deere ale.

HIS MAJESTY'S CIVIL LIST,

' r ‘ -1 hi

According to the In the Year ending In the Year

Account laid before the 5th January Eading the 5th January

Parliament. 179s. 1798.

£ s. d. £ ' £ ' d. £ d.

33>i45 7 8 29)4'9 >4 5 640 6 9 4>366

400 - - - - 400 —

400 400

400 400 —

400 — — 400 —

900 — — 900 — —

438 — — 438

460 3 4 460 3 4

480 — - - 480 — —

500 — 500 —

5OO — 500

500 500 — T-

2,000 — 2,000

5OO 5OO — —

510 510

570 5 — 570 5 —

587 9 n 587 911

600 — — 6oo — —

600 — — - - 600

600 - - 600

900 600 - 300 — —

1,000 — — 1,000

1,000 — — 1,000

1,372 10 — 1,372 10 —

1,582 17 6 G73 149 2 6

1,500 — — - - 1,500

1,666 13 4 2,250 — — 583 6 8

2,000 — — 2,000

3,000 3,000 — —

3.46613 4 3,46613 4

4,000 — — 4,000 — —

4,100 4,100 — —

5,680

5,680 — - - 5,680 — —

- 200 — — 200 — —

600 — - — 600 — —

- 25 25

3,350 3»35°

81,440 — 1 67,38116 — S.547 IS 19,606 — —

8,000 — — 8,000 — — 1

4,022 — — 4,022

1,800 — — 1,800 — —

13,822 13,82a — —

Occasional Payments:

Foreign Secret Service ——

Home Secret Service ——

Special Service and Royal Bounty -Sheriffs, for Conviction of Felons -D° - - for Overpayments on their Accounts - '

Sundry Ministers,20 each for their Passages to the Plantations Law Charges ——

Herse PaLiol for the different Roads -Riding Charges to Messengers of the Excheqmer -Messengers Bills for Foreign Journies -

Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts - -

Extra Extraordinaries to - D - -

For Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England D° - - -- -- -in Ireland

For the Relief of the poor Protestant Clergy 1> - -- Laity -

Lord Chamberlain for Alms, &c.

Borne forward

25.000 —

10.000 —

20.000 —

I3>000 —

3,000 —

aoo — -

7»5< > — 2,to6 i

2.500 — -12,000 — <

2,000 — -

1.500 — 1,700 — <

800 — 1,718 4 6,872 16 1.119 —

111 716 1 —

25.000 — —

10.000 — —

24,221 13 114

9>6?o ——

1,964 11 94

60 ——

35,000 ——

9741 >3 — 3.45« 8 5

9>693 13 — 16,576 13 n 850 — — 8oo — —

»»7l8 4 — 6,872 16 — 1,119 ——

156,719 14 1

4,221 13 115

27,500 ——

7,241 13 —

7,693 13 — 15,076 13 11

61,733 >3

3,350 ——

1,035 8 2i

I4O ~ -

2,806 x — 8,548 11 7

850 — —

16,730 —

39 Gec. IIL

6° Marin.

28

(j 798.)

Occasional Payments — continued-

Borne forward

Archbishop of York, for Charities and Arabic Professor -Chamberlain of London, for Poor of the said City -Rent and Taxes of the Privy Seal Office -Ground Rent of Cumberland House -Rent of Mole Park ——

Chelsea Water Works, for supplying the Treasury -D° - - - for Kensington Palace and Gardens

Expences of Windsor Great Park -Fees, &c. on the Receipt of His Majesty's Privy Purse Contingent Expences of the Treasury - - - - ±

Secretary of State - - Foreign Department - - for Contingencies -

D° - -- -- -- Stationary

D°.....,..... Messengers

D° - -- -- -- Land Tax -

Secretary of State - - Home Department - - for Contingencies 7

D° - -- -- -- Stationary j

D ----- ----- ----- Mefl'engers

D°r-..... ----- - Land Tax

Secretary of State - - War Department - - - for Contingencies D° - -- -- -- Stationary

D - -- -- -- Messengers

D# - -- -- -- Land Tax -

Contingent Expences of the Office for India Affairs -D° - - - - of the Committee for Trade and Plantations -

D° ----- of the Privy Council Office -

His Majesty's Charity to sundry Female Objects in D i lire fs, paid at the Treasury -; - -

Fees, &c. on Receipt of that Sum - -

Presents to Foreign Ministers on their Return Home Serjeant at Arms of the House of Commons, for Necessaries -Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplusage in his Account- -For the Relief of certain French Protestants ——

Henry Addington, Esq; Speaker of the House of Commons, for Equipage D9 ----- ----- --- in lieu of Plate -

Chairman of the Sessions at Westminster, for Dinners -

Bailiff7 of the Tower, for contingent Disbursements -

Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs,. &c. of London, for Irapost on Wines -

Vaudois Churches ——

Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, and Officers of the Tally Coart -

To reimburse sundry Expences for His Majesty's Service -

O fficers of the Houses of Lords and Commons ——

M . Reeves, on Account of the Expence of the Police Offices -Officers of the Tally Court, for levying Tallies ——

Mr. Bidwell, Expences on Account of St. James's and Hyde Parks -

Expences of the Journey of the Princess of Wales to England -

For a Fine on the Renewal of a Lease of Mews at Windsor -

For Works done at Oatlands, by His Majesty's Orders -

Keeper of Records in the Tower, for Disbursements - -George Attwood, Esq; for making Calculations for the Chancellor of the Exchequer ——

Charges for Fences of Hampton Court Park ——

1,200 —

32 13

Eftianated Annual Charge

of

HIS MAJESTY' S CIVIL LIST,

1 f

According to the In the Year ending

Account laid before the 5th January

Parliament. »79s.

£. s. d.

111,716 1 — 156,719 14 I

900 — — 900

1,000 1,000

220 16 — -

316 18 6 -

323 16 6 323 16 6

52 14 — 52 14 —

150 150

4,000 — — 4^41 4 2'-

1,741 12 — 1,748 ?4 —

2,000 500

2,600 — — C 11,003

- - _ I 2,004 5 11

- 13,000

549 9 6

2,000 — - — f 4.C OO — — 1 2,838 3 |0

- 5,500

- - - 1,002 7

3,000

- 434 1 2

" 2,500 346 6 —

2,000

250 700 — — } 2 »736 > 9

} 1.232 13 6 1.232 i3 6

1,300 1,860

1 409 1,622 16 7

500 500 316 7 5

1,000 -

- 1,270 1 —

218 8 8 218 13 6

400 — — 39° 3 7

98,4 _ loo 16

34S 10 4 1,588 5 4

300

" 2,296 9 6

1,420

9.803 5 11

3,218 14 —

" — «. 1,024 8

1,102 19 —

373 6 —

3,661 0 10

45 3 3

" 645 19 7

— _ 1,000 — —

38.476 4 6 248,238 II 4

Increa'c,

D;crcafe,

In the Year

Ending the 5th January >79 -

£ '

61,733 »3

641 14 7 a

| IO,

,404 s 11

13,000 -

549 9 6

| 4, S38 3 10

5 500 ——

1,002 — 7

3,000 ——

434 1 2

2,500 ——

346 6 —

1,786 1 o

360 ——

213 16 7

/ . ' 16,730 — 9}

220 16 — *

31618 6

i;5°o ——

1,270 1 —

— 4 10

2 2 —

242 15 —

2,296 9 6

1,420 ——

9,803 5 11

3,218 14 — 1, C24 8 3i

1,102 19 —

373 6 —

3,661 — iof

145 3 3

645 19 7 1,000 ——

132,523 11 if

2,000 - —

183 12 7

500 - — — 1,000 ——

916 5 300 — —

22,761 4 3i

ABSTRACT:

Amount of the i ft Clafi ad D® 3d D® 4th D° 5th D® 6th D® 7th D® 8th D® Occasional Payment,

C t. j. £ s. d. £' / £

ao3>5oo — _ 203,000 — — - 500 — —

32»9SS 32 955

7°'8S 2 10 63,614 10 2 - 7,237 12 8

147 200 — — 189,859 2 7 42,659 2 7i

9°-965 15 j 89,871 10 11 - - 1,094 4 6

118»i 89 3 a 112,270 10 1 ... 5,918 i3 1

8,»44o — , 67,381 16 — — — # CO LO O

3>$22 ... 13,822

38.475 4 6 248,238 11 4 109,762 6 10

£ 897>40<T 6 __ 1,021,013 1 i? 52,421 9 5i 28,808 I4 4

Whitehall, Treasury Chamber, 6th March 1799 *

GEORGE ROSE.

V®

L. 54.

Supply, deferred.

Flint Writ.

Committee anointed to examine into the State of the Prison in Cold Bath Fields.

Pweri, Lc. ttferred.

Bill to fecili-tate the Redemption of the Land Ta deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Magor and Chepstow, See. Roads Bill, presented.

29a

6 -

Martii.

A.

1799'

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabic, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furtlicr of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, in the room of Watkin Williams, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Constable of His Majesty's Castle of.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the State of His Majesty's Prison in Cold Rath Fields, Clerkenwell; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. William

Dundas, Sir' John Mordaunt, Mr. Eliot, Sir William Young,

Mr. Sargent, Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Wilberforce Bird, Mr. John Fane, Mr. Idobhouse, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Gregor, Lord Viscount Belgrave, Mr. Buxton: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit; and to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Copy of Proceedings of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of dlesex, holden in the Month of January 1799, respecting several Matters relating to the House of Correction for the said County, and certain Prisoners confined in that Prison, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. Long, upon the 4th Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of Edward Marcus pard be referred to the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself intd a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to facilitate the Redemption of the Land Tax, by Bishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and all Corporations.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned' till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. t

yovis, j° die Martii;

Anno 39° Georgii III. H Regis, 1799 *

Prayers.

MR. Morgan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge-foot, in the Town of in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, , and

6

Brecon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

- Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobhousereported from the Committee, to whom Trowbridge

the Report was re-committed, which was made from the p^|n^. Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Per- committed Tons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading froyti The Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence, by Road Church, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the same Year, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to a Road from a Place in Trowle Bridge Lane, to Midford, and from Freshford, to Halds Close, in Liihpley Stoke, and for amending the said Roads, and also several other Roads lead- ing from or near the Roads included in the said Acts, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Trowbridge aforesaid, was referred} That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Paving Bills, had been complied with (except so far as relates to the Road proposed to be made from _the Turnpike Road in the Market Place to the same Road in Silver Street; and also except as to the Road proposed to be made from the Turnpike Road in Fore Street, to the same Road in Back Street, all in the said Town of Trowbridge; and that the first-mentioned Road will be of the Length of 300 Yards, or thereabouts, and the second-mentioned Road will be of the Length of 200 Yards, or thereabouts; and also, that the Notice did not extend to cleansing and improving the said Town; and that the making of the said new Roads was not thought of, nor did the Convenience and Accommodation which cleansing and improving the said Town would be of to the Inhabitants thereof occur, until after the Notices were given for the other Purposes aforesaid); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-re<sted him ta report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the '

said recited Acts were read: And,

Mr. Samuel Way being examined, laid, That a Pro gress hath been made in executing the said Acts, and a considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid oft', and the said Roads (or such of them as shall be continued Turnpike) effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are renewed, and the Powers thereof altered, enlarged, and consolidated into One Act; that it is expedient that the Road leading from fVbtJha m Bridge, across a certain Common, in the Parish of North Bradley, to the Turnpike Road at or nearjthe Direction Poll there on Little Common, and also the Road between Westwood and Freshford, through Charter House Hinton, to the Turnpike Road at the Red Post, in the Parish of Wellow, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road from the Wells Road, opposite the Road leading to Rod flock, turning on the Right Hand through the Three Corner Field, in the Parish of Camerton, to join the Bath Turnpike Road near Hallatrow Bridge, in the Parish of High Lit-

tleton, in the said County of Somerset; and also the Road from the Turnpike Gate, in the Parish of Freshford, to Midford, in the said County, being Part of

.the

39 Geo. III. 7® Martii.

293

the Roads included in the said Acts, should be no longer continued as Turnpike Roads, and that the Trustees for executing the said Act should be dise charged from all future Care and Management thereof; that the Road leading from the Parsonage Corner, in the Back Street, in the said Town of Trowbridge, to the House of Mary May, at the Brick Plot, is narrow and incommodious, and would be an Accommodation to the Public if the same were altered, amended, and kept in Repair; and also, if a new Road was made from the said House of Mary May, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge aforesaid to' Marsh, at

or near a Place called Islington, in the said. Parish of Trowbridge; and also, if the said House and Premises, now in the Occupation of the said Mary May, or some Part or Parts thereof, were taken down and removed, for the Purpose of making the said Road j that the Street, called Silver Street, which is Part of the Road included in the said Act, is narrow and incommodious, and it is requisite, for the Safety and Convenience of the Public, that the same should be widened; that it would also be a great Convenience to the Public if a new Road was made from the Turnpike Road in the Market Place, through certain Premises, to join the Turnpike Road in the said Street, called Silver Street j and that it would also be a great Accommodation to the Public, as well as an Improvement to the said Town, if the Dwelling House, in the Occupation of David Orchard, was taken down and removed, and a new Road made from the Turnpike Road in Fore Street, in the said Town, to join the Turnpike Road in Back Street; that if certain Premises adjoining the Town Bridge were also taken down, for the rurpose of making the Entrance to the said Bridge more lafe and commodious, it prould be of great Convenience and Benefit to the Public. And the Witness further said. That the Footways in the federal Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Town of Trowbridge, are not properly paved, cleansed, nor lighted, and are subject to various Obstructions, Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and in some Places incommodious and unsafe for Travellers and Pafiepgers, and that it would be a great Benefit, Advantage, and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons referring thereto, if Provision was made for paving the fame, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the several Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Town.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

« . Wrexham Mr. Bryan Cooke reported from the Committee, to

tion^reported, ^hom the Petition of John Humberjim Cawley, of Gwcrfyllt Park, in the County or Denbigh, was referred , That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, the Clerk to the Trustees, owing to his Infirmity (being between 90 and loo Years of Age) having omitted to give the Notices required by the said Standing Orders; and that the Term of the Act mentioned in the Petition will expire at the End of the next Session of Parliament; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same v was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging " the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made r in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the VoL.^4.

" Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of " Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of;

(f and from the Town of Mold, to Northop, Holywell, and Rkuddlan, in the same County; and from thence to " the Ferry House, opposite the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin, to the " said Town of Mold, as relates to the District of " Road from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of " Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint,' was read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and for that Purpose have borrowed of the Petitioner several considerable Sums of Money, from Time to Time, amounting in the Whole to £.569. or. 4 and granted to him, as a Security for the fame, Mortgages on the Tolls by the said Act authorized to be taken on the said Road; that the Whole of the said Sum being still owing to the Petitioner, and the Term of the said Act being near expiring, the said Money cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas be added to the Gentle- Member add. men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Explring Bill, pursuant to the Second of the Refelutions, which. Laws blii (Sail upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee, cloth-) appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent ta the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof; and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion, which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas, of the Manufacture of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Committee Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive, iStorcl>

" continue until the Tenth Day of April One thousand fff' aPP°u,t‘ " Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend, an Act,

♦ passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on " Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of " Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited " Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Piftrifts in Scotland, and for granting " to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits u distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain, used in Distillation, in Scotland; and for " altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament, for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordaed, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the present State of the Distillery of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and of the Laws relative thereto, and the Duties payable in respect thereof, and to report, the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Douglas, Mr.

Fordyce, Mr. McDowall, Sir David Carnegie, Sir

4 F Pultcncy,

— 1

Bill to continue Scotch Small Notes A&, presented.

Committee on Bill to continue English Small Notes

Aa.

\ Mutiny Bill, palFed.

Committee on Expiring Laws Bill (Cara-bricks).

294 7° Martii. J. 1799,

Pulteney, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Stein, Mr. Pybus, Mr.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre, Mr. Buxton, Mr. Lon?, Mr. George Henry Rose, Mr. William Dun Mr. Garthjhore, Mr. Smollet, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Poxmshend: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

and French La\vns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wallace took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wallace reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House shall please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hujhifon presented to the House, according Volunteer to Older, a Bill for exempting Persons, serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations, from being ballotted femed. for the Militia, under certain Conditions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill further to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, on the Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the First " Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-nine, an Act, made in the last Session of " Parliament, Chapter Seven, on the Second Day " of December One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-leven, intituled, An Act to continue, until " the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Two several 4‘ Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the one, Chapter Thirty-two, on the Tenth Day of March, and the other. Chapter " Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth Day of May One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited Time, the Operation of certain " Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years " of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining " the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Bills of " Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of " Great Britain called England; and also, to amend " the said Act, and further to continue the fame, so " amended, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Del'ertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks

Mr. Hufkiffon presented to the House, pursuant to Account re-

their Order, to^Ma-

An Account of such Sums as have been granted by ieuted.pre the Assembly of the island of Jamaica, for the Purpose of settling the Trclaivney Alarcons, as far as the same can be made out from the Documents in the Secretary of State's Office.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ^farill-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, demotion of upon the Bill to facilitate the Redemption of the Land the Land Ta^ Tax, by Bishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and deferre<1, all Corporations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to permit Ships to fail from certain Ports of Newfound-the Island of Newfoundland without Convoy, was read gfif commit-a Second Time. ted.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed - Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That' the Order, made upon Order for Ac-the 26th Day of February last. " That there be beronnd " laid before this House, an Account of the Number of fare, &c. Bill , " Bills of Inclosure or Drainage which have passed dischargedwithin the last Twelve Years; and also, of Bills for " improving Harbours or Navigable Rivers, and for " making Canals, which have passed tfithin the same " Period; together with the Sums authorized to be " raised for the above Purposes," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Message by Mr. Qttarme, Yeoman Ulherof the Royal Assent Black Rod: to Bin.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And

39 Geo. III. f — 8°

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbflhop of Canterbury, the Lord Kenyon, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine:

An Act to enable J ‘homasCoutts, Esquire, Banker, to make a Communication between his Buildings on the opposite Sides of William Street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westmirjier, by a covered Passage to be built over the said Street:

An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Edward Jervis Ricketts, Esquire, with the Honourable Cajfandra ton, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: ,

An Act for naturalizing Pierre Jacques Papillon and Pierre Francois Papillon:

An Act for naturalizing George Christopher Moller.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Martii $

Anno 39° Georgii 3'" Regis, 1799.

Prayers,

Monmouth Ti /CR. Wood reported from the Committee, to whom and Cardiff, |Vf the Petition of William Lewis, of Alderley, in the Petition^re- County of Gloucester, William of the Town of

ported. ' Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, "Thomas Guejl, of the said Town of Cardiff, Joseph Cowles, of Coedy Grie, in the County of Monmouth, and John Guejl, of Brofeley, in the County of Salop (being a Company of Ironmasters, in the Parish of Merthyr Tidvil, in the said County of Glamorgan, known by the Name, and under the Firm, of The Dowlais Company) and Jeremiah Horn fray, of Lan-daff, in the said County of Glamorgan, Samuel Homfray, of Petiydarran Place, in the said County of Glamorgan, Thomas Homfray, of the Hill near Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and William Forman, of the Tower, in London (being a Company of Ironmasters, in, the said Parish of Merthyr Tidvil, known by the Name of Jeremiah Homfray, and Company) Richard Hill, of Plymouth Lodge, in the Parish of Merthyr Tidvil, in the said County of Glamorgan, and William Lewis, of Pentyrch Works, in the same County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills; and that the Committee, had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vo i.. 54.

Martii 295.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edward Martin being examined, said. That a Dram Road from or near a Place called Carno in the Parish of Bedwelty, in the County of Monmouth, to or

pear 'the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, yrith a Branch from the same, from or near a Place called Quakers Tard, to the Limestone Rocks, in the Parish of Merthyr Tidvil aforesaid, will open an ealy Communication with several considerable Iron Works,

Collieries, Limestone Quarries, and extensive Tracts of Land abounding with Coal, Limestone, and other Minerals, whereby the Carriage of Iron, Coal, Lime,

Timber, and all Kinds of Merchandize to and from the different Places bordering on the said intended Road, will be greatly facilitated, and rendered far less expensive than at present, and will tend greatly to improve the Lands and Estates near the said Road; and the said Undertaking will, in other Respects, be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Dram Road, or Way, from or near a Place called Carno Mill, in the Parish of Bedwelty, in the County of Monmouth, to or near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, with a e Branch from the same to the Limestone Rocks, in the Parish of Merthyr Tidvil, in the said County of Glamorgan: And that Mr. Wood and Mr. Morgan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added to the Gentle- Member add-men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, in

pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right indofure Bill, honourable Other Earl of Plymouth, Lord of the Manor of Bromsgrove, in the County of Wand an Oxyner and Proprietor of Lands and Tenements there, and the humble' Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the same Manor.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Belibrough-Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, Su/conunlw within the Parish of Bellbroughton, in the County of ted/ Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet-this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Rowley Rep Commons, Waste Lands,- and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lam- Breflingham mas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste inci^t/re b?ii. Lands, within the Parishes of Breffingham and Fersfeld, committed, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buxton,

Mr. AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill

c

4q6 8° Martiu A. 1799.

ltenmgiiall A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole

committed.' Year Lands, Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of ,in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the- Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Great Staugh- Mr. Fordyce presented to the House, according to boUonRaa<U~ ®rder> a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Bill, present- Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Brown's Lane, in Great in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough in

the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to the Way Post near Brington , in the said County of Huntingdon: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Re committed The House was moved. That the Report which was, Trowbr?" e Yesterday, made ffom the Committee, to whom the Roads, and Report was re-committed, which was made from the Paving Peti- Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, BiH ordered, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from The Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough, in the Parish of Trowbridge, in the same County, and from thence, by Road ,to in the County of Somerfeand the other passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the same Year, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to a Road from a Place in Trowle Bridge Lane to Midford, and from Freshford to Hairs Close, in Limpley Stoke, and for amending the said Roads,

and also several other Roads leading from or near the Roads included in the said Acts, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Trowbridge, aforesaid, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from The Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with, or lying near to, the said Road: And that Mr. Hobhouse and Mr- Wilberforce Bird do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving the Footways, and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Public'Passages, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Hobhouse and Mr. Wilberforce Bird, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. -Ordered, That in Confidemtion of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be grahted that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County of Wilts, and Three Times in the Newspaper called The Winchester Journal, in the present Month of Match, and in the Month of April next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament, for Provision being made in the said first-mentioned Bill, for making and maintaining a Road from the present Turnpike Road in the Market Place of Trowbridge, to join the same Road in Silver Street-, and also, a Road from the said Turnpike Road in Fore Street, to join the same Road in Back Street, all in the Town of;

and also, for Provision being made in the said last mentioned Bill for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Public 1

Passages, within the Town of Trowbridge, and for re-' moving and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, within the said Town, and otherwise improving the same.

Mr. Tierney presented to the House, according to amend

Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Act,

Power of Exchange in an Act, passed in the Thirty- presented. seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and " Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands,

* and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Southill, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the" First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- Bill to amend cording to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Act, present-intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certained *

" Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in England " therein mentioned:" And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Buxton, according to Order, reported from the Bill to con-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill fur- ? ,e. Mnfh&

1 r rr , i . An kniali Notes

ther to continue, for a J. ime to be limited, an Act, Act, reported, made in this present Session of Parliament, on the Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the " First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Seven, on the Second Day of " December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyseven, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement " of the next Session of Parliament, Two several Acts,

* passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the " Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the one. Chapter Thirty-two, on the Tenth.

* Day of March, and the other. Chapter Sixty-one,' on the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a " limited Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in.

" the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of " Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchahge, under a " limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called " England; and also, to amend the said Act, and for- ther to continue the fame, so amended, until the " Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-nine," was committed 'the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at 'the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Mr. Wallace, according to Order, reported from the Expiring Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ^^bricks) revive and continue an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh reported. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks " and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of " the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose " of

f >

39 Geo. III. 8 Mar til

97

Expiring Laws Bill (iul Cloth) committed *

Honirtgtoa

Inclosure Bill, prt-fcnttd.

" of being warehoused for Exportation," Was committed} the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrofiech

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland, of Sail Cloth or Canvas, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

Sir Thomai Charles Bunbury presented to the House,-according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Honington, in the County of Suffolk: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Charge of the same in the Year ending the 5th Day of

1797, with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Charge of the same in the Year ending the 5th Day of January

1798, with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Charge of the Civil List, as estimated by the Account laid before Parliament the 6th Day of July 1786, and the Charge of the same in the Year ending the 5th Day of January

1799, with the Increase and Decrease thereof in the said Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Conv mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed. the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next. *

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

'Member add- Ordered, That Mr. Bur don be added to the Commit-ed1 to Com- tee, who are appointed to consider of the present State

Scotch IJlftiU of the Distillery of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain jery. called Scotland, and of the Laws relative thereto, and the Duties payable in respect thereof; and to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

Bill to conti- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second SmainSote Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be li-Aa, commit- mited, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parlia-ted ment, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks,

and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

pp^,‘ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conficjer further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ctvil Lift ^c‘ Ordered, That the Account of the Monies granted by wd" ' K W~ (he Acts of Parliament of the First and Seventeenth Years of His Majesty's Reign, with the Imprest and other Monies paid into the Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of His Majesty's Civil Government, for Three Years, from the 5th January 1796 to the 5th January 1799, and the Charge thereupon, as near as the same can be ascertained, be referred to the said Committee. '

Vo L. 54.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dhy, for the House Committe of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted ,to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee; '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receivcf the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit; again.

Resolved, That this-House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to amend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, A®pJoJifion-upon the Bill to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, aicavairy.de-made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of fcrred the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and for making further Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order, of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to amend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Time for returning Assessments nSd. *

4 G under

498

8° — i i" "M&ttiu

A. 17991

Volunteer Corps Exemption Bill, committed.

under an Act, passed in the p.cfent Se/Eoh of'Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia-K ment, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the " Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual " Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain u Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties." Resolved, That this House will upon Monday Morning next, refolVe itself into the said Committee.

A

A Bill for exempting Persons, serving in Volunteer Corps and Aflbciatrons, from being, ballotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being lead;

BHltoftcni- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morm demption of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the Land Tax, House, upon the Bill to facilitate the Redemption of the Land Tax, by Bishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and all Corporations.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill to permit Ships to fail from certain Ports of the Island of Newfoundland without -Convoy.

Wastes, and othelr Commonable Lands within the tl-ve-rai Hamlets or Tythings of B or ring ton, and Wefiington, in the Parish of Chipping Campden, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the-First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Adrien Vapillon, Was Adrien Par'.'-

read a Second Time. lon s Nat. Bin

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Join comnutt<: ' Pitt, Mr. Annesley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Insolvent Debtors confined in Fisherton His Majesty's Prison of Fishertonfor the County of P^tur prt! Wilts', was presented to the House, and fead; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered That thfe said Petition do lie upon the Table.

deferred.

New found- nd Ships Bill, deferred.

Waltham Holy Crois, itgainlf Enfield, Hertford, and Ware Roads Bill.

Old Sarum Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the toom or Charles Watkin Williams Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accejpted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Boncnkam, in the County of Buckingham.

WrifcRadn°r Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for 'the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor, in' the root of the Right honourable George , Capel Coningejby, commonly called Lord Viscount Mai-

den, now Earl of Essex, caHed up to the House of Peers.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom-» ing next. Ten of the Clock *

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are petition of in thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish habitants of

~ Vl; lif knvrt Hr

or Walt ham Holy Cross, in the County of Essex, or

Owners or Occupiers of Land in or near the said Parish, was presented to the House and readj Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Rowers, of several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First:, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,- for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned j and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains Powers for raising the Tolls, and other Powers and Provisions, which will be highly injurious to the Petitioners, and other Persons residing in or near the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counci!, or Agents, against such of the Powers and Provisions of the said Bill as aforesaid, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall teem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard,.by themselves, their. Counsel, or . Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they , think fit. . *

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

LurteBy ii° 5

- - Anno 39 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

' PRAYERS.;

Adrien Papil. ADRIENCharles Papillon took the Oaths appointed, lonfwom. -Jpl jn order to his Naturalization.

Berrington, Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Baiprelintnd". Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pollutes, Downs,

A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and Magorand improving, the Road from the Village of Mngor, to the Bridge-foot, in the Town of Chepfioiv, in the County committed.' of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan,

Sit ' William Toung, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

1 ,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Lessees, and ^oTware- Occupiers, of Warehouses, situated in the Vicinity of boufts, neaimt the Legal QuayS of the Port of London, and in various London Peck other Parts of the City of London, was presented to the 1 6 House,

'by

39 Geo. III. 1i° Martii. 299

House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth, That the aforesaid Legal Quays have been -established for a long Period of Years, by virtue of certain Royal Commissions, proceeding under the Sanction, and by the Authority, of divers Acts of Parliament; and that the Warehouses of the Petitioners have been erected at a very great Expence in the Vicinity of the said Quays, and in various other Parts of the said City, convenient to the Merchants thereof, in Confidence that Parliament would, at all Times, protect the said Quays', which had been established under its own Sanction, and are occupied principally by Goods apd Merchandize landed upon, or shipped from, the said Quays, and have been and are not only productive q£ considerable Profit to the Petitioners, but also of great Convenience and Accommodation to the said Merchants, and all Persons concerned in the Importation and.Exportation of Goods at the said Quays; and that the Petitioners have been, for several Years last, continually erecting new and additional Warehouses for the Accommodation of the Merchants, in order to keep Pace with the Increase of the Commerce of the Port of London; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and the Business now transacted at the said Quays be removed to Wapping, the Warehouses of the Petitioners will cease to be wanted by Merchants and others for the Reception of their Goods, and consequently will become useless, the Money expended in the Erection of . them will be in a great Measure loft, and many of the Petitioners, who depend upon the Rents thereof, or upon the Money received for Housing and keeping Goods therein, for the Support of themselves and their Families, will be brought to Poverty and Distress; and that some of the Petitioners have already presented a Petition to the House, dating the Mischiefs which they apprehend will arise to them from the Operation of the said Bill, and soliciting that Provision may be made therein for their Security and Indemnification, but that the Petitioners now find it to be expedient that they should be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Rights, Interests, and Property, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now (lands: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill' as may affect them, and‘that Provision may be made therein for the Security and Indemnification of the Petitioners, and all other Persons being Proprietors, Lessees, and Occupiers, of Warehouses situated as aforesaid, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Road A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and

""i1- enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lydeway, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Asheton Smith, Mr. Tudway, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 54.

A Mcftage from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr: Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's M.trine Forces, while on Shore, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of H.s present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Fvesham Bridge, in the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, to The Globe Inn; in Alcester, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty- sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wet her by, and from thened to Boruughbridge, in the County of fork, so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wet her by, and from thence to with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knarejlrough, in the County of York, by Long Flat Lane, Gouldjbrough Fields, , Allerton -

verer, and Scate Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same County, and for making the same a high Carriage Road; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Tything of Oare, in the Parishes of Wilcot and Huish, in the County of Wilts without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Cdmmbn Fields-, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Molesworth, in the County of Huntingdon-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Waste Lands, and Open and Common Fields, within the Parishes of Leint-wardine, Burrington, Downton, and Elton, in the County of Hereford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the PariQi of Rackheath, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And aLfo, The Lords have agreed to the Bilj, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Philip Marindin without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Bong; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Godfrey Bitterman; without any Amendment: And also.

The

The Lords have agreed to

Marine Mutiny Bill.

Evefliam Roads Bill.

Ferrybridge and Borougl-bridge Roads Bill

Knaresbrough and Greenhammerton Read Bill.

Oare Inclo fureBilL

Molesworth lnciolure BilL

Leintwardine, See. Inclosure Bill *

Rackheath Inclosure Bill.

Marindin Nat. Bill.

Bong's Nat BilL

Bitterman' Nat BilL

300

11® Martii. r f 799.

Tinge's Nat. The Lbrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Blli- for naturalizing Salomon Lange-, without any Amend-

ment: And alto,

Witke'i Nat.; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ®,u for naturalizing Christian John Adam; without any. Amendment: And alto.

The Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have passed naturalizing Lorents Braun; to which the Lords desire BUl? Nat" Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill, read. And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Refohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Conan Canal Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Commit-portcl"'re tee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Naviga-. Isle Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan, was read:

And,

John Seton, Esquire, being examined, said. That the said Company of Proprietors have made great Progress in carrying the said Work into Execution, but the same cannot be completed, by reason that several of the Subscribers in England and Scotland, (many of whom are 'Merchants and Manufacturers) have hot been able to answcT the Calls made on their respective Subscriptions, whereby it is become necessary for the Petitioners to aise a further Sum of Money on otherTerms than they are now empowered to do; and the said Act also requires to be further explained, enlarged, altered, and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch,

" in the Shire of ArgAnd that Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir William Mr. , and

Air. Montgomery, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Abbot -reported from the Cotbmittee, appointed Fep^\Jsxp'r' to enquire what Public General Laws have expired w within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, whajt Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months iubi-sequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and to report the lame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and to whom the Report, which, upon the 12th Day of May 1796, was made from the Committee who were appointed to inspect and consider all the Temporary Laws of a Public Nature expired, or expiring, was referred; and who were instructed to esquire, and report to the House, what Laws expired, or near expiring, have bceh revived,

fontinued, or made perpetual, by an Act or Acts of he present Session of Parliament; that the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have proceeded to an Examination of the Matters referred to them, and they beg Leave to present to the House the following Statements; containing — -I. First, An Enumeration of all the Public General Laws which have expired withinTwelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, which by Retrospect includes all which have expired since 20th November 1797: — II. Secondly,

An Enumeration of all those which are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the pext Session, or at the End thereof, in which it is thought proper to include, prospectively, all which may expire before the 24th of June 1S00; distinguishing such of the said Expired or Expiring Laws as have been revived, continued, cr made perpetual by any Act or Acts of the present Session of Parliament: — III. And,

Thirdly, They have thought proper to subjoin a further Enumeration of some Statutes whereof the Duration is temporary, but uncertain, depending upon contingent Circumstances, such as the Continuance of lives, Char-, ters, the Laws of other Countries, Treaties with Foreign Powers, Hostilities, &c.; conceiving it to be also necessary that these Laws should be brought within the View of the House, in order that it may be enabled more distinctly to foresee and provide for any of the Exigencies which may arise upon their Termination,

Your Committee propose to report separately upon such of the several Laws comprehended in the following Lifts, as in their Opinion are fit. to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

EXPIRED

39 Geo. III. 11° Martiu

i.

301

E XPI RE D LAW S:

viz.

BETWEEN 20 NOVEMBER 1797, AND 20 NOVEMBER 17 9 8.

Matter. Original Continuing Act. ' 1 111 r Duration. \

NEWFOUNDLAND JUDICATURE. 33 Geo. 3. c.76. 36 Geo. 3. c. 37. revved and continued by 39 Geo. 3/c. 16. 10th June 1797, AND End of the next Session, VIZ. 29th June - - - — 1798.

From 9th January -till 30 Days after the Commencement of the next Session. — 1799.

MACKAREL FISHERY. 35 Geo. 3. c.54. AND 36 ----- - 77. — — ift June 1797, AND End of the next Session, VIZ. 29th June - - - — 1798.

WHEAT INDIAN CORN, RYE, 36 Geo. 3. c. 3. 37 Geo. 3. c. 7. 1 Six Weeks after Commencement of Session 1797-8, VIZ. 12th December - - — >797 *

BALTIC STORES. 36 Geo. 3. c. 58. f. 2. 37 Geo. 3. c. 37. 5th April ----- — 1798-

MUTINY} NORE. 37 Geo. 3. c. 71. From 6th June 1797, T 0 One Month after Commencement of next Session, VIZ. 30th November - - — 1797.

MILITIA; SCOTLAND. [Time enlarged ] 37 Geo. 3. c. 103. 38 Geo. 3. c. 12. 1 ft March ----- — 1798.

MILITIA; SUPPLEMENTARY. [Time enlarged.] 38 Geo. 3. c. 18. 38 Geo. 3. c. 19. 10th March - — - — 1798.

NAVY. SUSPENDING PROTEC HONS. 38 (jeo. 3. c. 46. — Five Months, from 24th May 1798, VI z. 24th October - - — 1798.

Vol. 54. 4H II. EXPIRING

302 ii ° MartiiA. 1799.

11.

EXPIRING LAW S:

' VI

BETWEEN 20 NOVEMBER 1798, AND 24 JUNE I 800.

Matter. Original Act. A Continuing Act. Duration.

SAIL CLOTH; BRITISH. 12 Anne, St. i. c. 16. 36 Geo. 3. c. 108. 29th September - - 1799, and End of the next Session.

THE LIKE. 9 Geo. 2. c. 37., 36 Geo. 3. c. 108. 29th September — 1799, and End of the next Session.

SUGARS. \ 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. 33 Geo. 3. c.40. f- 3- 29th September - - 1799, a°d End of the next Session.

RUM and SPIRITS. 15, 16 Geo. 2. c. 25. 4 33 Geo. 3. c. 40. f. 1. 29th September - - 1799, and End of the next Session.

SAIL CLOTH; FOREIGN. 1 19 Geo. 2. c. 27. 36 Geo. 3. c. 108. 29th September - - 1799, anc Emi of the next Session.

LINENS. YARNS. 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. 38 Geo. 3. c. 35. f. 1. 24th June - - - - f799-

RUM and SPIRITS. 33 Geo. 2. c. 28. f. 2. 33 Geo. 3. c. 40. f. 1. 29th September 1799, and End of the next Session.

MALT. i Geo 3 3 38 Geo. 3 c. 4. AND 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. 24th June- - - - -24th June ----- 1799. 1800. ——

CUSTOMS FEES. 5 Geo. 3. c. 45. 34 Geo. 3 c# 44. 9th May ----- 1799, and End of the next Session.

TALLOW. 7 Geo. 3. c. 12. 35 Geo. 3. c. 38. f. 2. 25th March - - - - 1799, and End of the next Session.

(continued)

GoogK

11° Martii,

303

39 Geo. III.

Matter. Original Continuing Duration.

SILVER COIN. 14 Geo. 3. c. 42. Revived by 38 Geo. 3. c. 59. ift June - N. B. In the Title of the Act it is the \ft January. 799-

1 HEMP, IRISH. 19 Geo. 3. c. 37. — — 24th June ----- x8oo. ——

TRANSPORTATION. r 9th Geo. 3. c. 74. 34 Geo. 3. c. 60. f. 1. 1 ft June ----- 1799, anc End of the next Session.

CREDITORS; SCOTLAND. \ 23 Geo. 3. c. 18. / 33 Geo. 3. c. 74. Five Years from 17th June 1793, VIZ. 17th June - — — 1798, and End of the next Session.

FLAX. COTTON. 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. 38 Geo. 3. c. 35. f. 5. 24th June - I ON ON

TRANSPORTATION, SCOTLAND. 25 Geo. 3. c. 46. 34 Geo. 3. c. 60. f. 2. ift June ----- i \ 1799, an<l End of the next Session.

FISHERY; NEWFOUNDLAND. 26 Geo. 3. c. 26. 37 Geo. 3. c. 99. Two Years from ift January 1797, VIZ. ift January - - - - 1799. —

GREENLAND FISHERY. 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. 38 Geo. 3. c. 35. f. 4. 25th December - - 7 99-

BRITISH FISHERIES. 26 Geo. 3. c. 81. 38 Geo. 3. c. 58. ift March- - - - - 1799. —

FRENCH GOODS. 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. f. 22. - — 10th May ----- 1800.

POST HORSE DUTIES. r . LET TO FARM. 27 Geo. 3. c. 26. 1 36 Geo. 3. c. 84. ift February - - - 1800.

Vou 54. (continued)

304 ii 0 Marlii. 79P.

Matter. Original A3. Continuing A3. Duration.

SPIRITS; GENEVA. 28 Geo. 3. c. 46. f.63. 37 Geo. 3. c. 99. 5th July - 799- '

SLAVE TRADE. 28 Geo. 3. c. 54. 38 Geo. 3. c. 88. ift August . 1799.

PAWNBROKERS. 29 Geo. 3. c. 57. 36 Geo. 3. c. 87. Three Years from the End of the Session in the Year 1796, r iz. 19th May 1799, and End of the next Session.

SEAL SKIN'S. 31 Geo. 3. c. 26. 32 Geo. 3. c. 36. f. 6. 14th June - - — 179S, and End of the next SdSon.

INSOLVENTS. m 33 Geo. c. 5- Five Years from 13th December 1792, viz. 13th December - - - 1797, and End of the next Session.

DUTCH PROPERTY. NEUTRAL CARGOES. 35 Geo. 3. c. 15. A - - - - c. 80. > 36 — - - c. 76., 38 Geo. 3. c. 9. AND 39 Geo. 3. c. 12. From 30th December 17 97, until Six Weeks after the Beginning of the next Session, viz. 31st December - - From 4th January to Six Weeks after the Beginning of the next Session. 179$. 1799.

CHINA WARE. 35 Geo. 3. c. 98. — — Five Years from 5th April 1795, viz. 5th April 1800.

SUGAR. 35 Geo. 3. c. no. 1 36 Geo. 3. c. 106. J 38 Geo. 3. c. 61. From 2[ft June — until End of the next Session. 1798.

GLASS. 35 Geo. 3. c. 114. 38 Geo. 3. c. 35 f. 7. 5th July - - - i7 99 - —

( continued

39 Geo. III. 11° Martii. 305

Matter. Original Act. Continuing Act. Duration.

RAPE SEED, and other SEEDS for OIL. .35 Geo. 3. c. 117. . 38 Geo. 3. c. 35. f-3- 24th June ----- 1799-

GRENADA and ST. VINCENTS. [Time enlarged.] 35 Geo. 3. c. 127. 37 Geo. 3. c. 27. AND 39 C. II. 5th January - - — 2d October - - — 1799, and End of the next Session. 1799, &c.

WHEAT, RYE, and PROVISIONS. 36 Geo. 3. c. 3.1 37 «3- — 25. j 38 -.29.] 38 Geo. 3. c. io. . From 30th December 1797, until Six Weeks from' the Beginning of the next Session, VIZ. 31st December - - 1798.

SEDITIOUS - MEETINGS. 36 Geo. 3. c. 8. — — Three Years from 18th December 1795, VIZ. 18th December - - 1798, and End of the next Session.

CAPE of GOOD HOPE. 37 Geo. 3. c. 21. 38 Geo. 3. c. 9. AND 39 Geo. 3. c. 12. From 30th December 1797, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session, VIZ. 31st December - - From 4th January -The like. 1798. - 1799. - —

SMALL NOTES and BILLS; ENGLAND, 37 Geo. 3. c. 32.1 — 61. j # 38 Geo. 3.'c. 7. AND 39 Geo. 3. c. 9. From 2d December 1797, the like, VIZ. 31st December - - f ift February - - 7 I 25 th March } 79s- 1799. — -

SMALL NOTES; SCOTLAND. -37 Geo. 3. c. 40. 38 Geo. 3. c. 2. AND 39 Geo. 3. c. 10. From 30th November '797> to 30 Days after the Commencement of the next Session, VIZ. 19th December - - f 15th January - - - ] [25th March J 1798. ‘799-

Vol. 54. 4 I (continued.)

306 I \Martii. A. 1799.

Matter, Original All. Continuin gAR. Duration.

SEDUCTION of ARMY or NAVY. 37 Geo. 3. c. 70. 38 Geo. 3. c. 6. AND 39 - " - c- 4 . From 2d December 1797> to Six Weeks, &c. VIZ. 31st December From 17th December 1798, to Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session. / ,79 ‘ *

CAMBRICS and lawns. 37 Geo. 3. c. 7a. 38 Geo. 3. c. 3. ift March - - - - 7 99'

SAIL CLOTH and CANVAS; IRELAND. 37 Geo. 3. c. 76. See 12 Ann, Sc. i. c. 16. and 36 Geo. 3. c. 108. 38 Geo. 3. c. 30. 25th March - - — 1799.

DISTILLERIES; SCOTLAND. 37 Geo. 3. c. io"2. 38 Geo. 3. c. 92. 10th April - - - ,799.

LAND TAJC on OFFICES, &c. SUGAR. TOBACCO, SNUFF. Tc. 5. 38 Geo. 3. (. c. 39 Geo. 3. c. 3. f. 1. and 22. 1 25th March - - - -25th March - - - - 1799. 1800. ——

INDEMNITY. [Time enlarged.] 38 Geo. 3. c. 14. 39 Geo. 3. c. 17 ,\ f 1 ft September 6th November v ^25th December } 25th April T 22d June- - - 1 . c i ft September > 6th November 1 L 25th December J 1798. 799-

MARINE MUTINY. 38 Geo. 3. c. 15. 25th March - - - - 1799.

MUTINY. 38 Geo. 3. c. 23. — . — 25th March - - - - 799-

INNKEEPERS. 38 Geo. 3. c. 32. - — 25th March - - - - 1799.

( continued)

39 Geo. IIL it0 Martii.307

Matter. Original - Continuing Act. ' Duration.

SECURING and DETAINING TRAITORS. 38 Geo. 3. c. 36. 39 Geo.3. c. 15. 1 ft February a i ft May ----- 799- - — 1799. —

ARMORIAL BEARINGS. [Time enlarged.] 38 Geo. 3. c. 53. 39 Geo. 3. c. 8. # 15th February- - - 1 1 1799. . ►

LAND TAX REDEMPTION. [Time enlarged.] 38 Geo. 3. c. 60. f. 13. 39 Geo. 3. 6. C 25th December - -£ 25th March C 25 th March - - - 7 124th June - - - - 3 1798. 1799. 1799. —

MILITIA; IRELAND. 38. Geo. ,3. c. 66. — — From 21st June 1798, to One Calendar Month after the Commencement of the next Session, viz. 20th December — 1798.

39 Geo. 3. c. 5. From 20th December 1798, to One Month after the Commencement, &c.

MILITIA CHARGE. 38 Geo. 3. c. 64. Ml Mi 25th March - - - 1799‘

MILITIA ALLOWANCES. 38 Geo. 3. c. 70. — — 25th March - — - 1799. ——

Ill,

LAWS

WHEREOF THE DURATION DEPENDS UPON CONTINGENCIES.

i.

3°8 li ° Mar tit, . 1799.

Matter. jta V Duration.

The CIVIL LIST. 1 Geo. 3. c. 1. 17 Geo. 3. c. ai. Life of His Majesty.

Hiy MAJESTY'S PERSON and GOVERNMENT. 36 Geo. 3. c. 7. Life of His Majesty.

REGENCY. 5 Geo. 3. c. 127. Life of His Majesty and contingently afterwards.

LONGITUDE. 14 Geo. 3. c. 36 ... - 107. Until Discovery or Rewards expended.

NORTH WEST PASSAGE. 18 Geo. 2. c. 17. Until Discovery.

NORTH PASSAGE. 16 Geo. 3. c. 6. f. 1. Until Discovery.

H NORTH POLE. 16 Geo. 3. c. 6. f. a. Until Approach within One Degree.

BREAD ASSIZE. 33 Geo. 3. c. 62. Continuance of additional Duties on Salt.

LINENS, &c. 23 Geo. 3. c. 21. 24 - — - St. 2. c. 14. Continuance of IrilH Acts of Parliament.

REGULATION of COMMERCIAL INTERCOURSE with AMERICA. 37 Geo. 3. c. 97. Continuance of Treaty with the United States of America.

TRAITOROUS CORRESPONDENCE and INTERCOURSE. 33 Geo. 3. c. 27. 33 28. 38 - 45- jS 79- The present War with France, &c.

FRENCH PROPERTY. 34 Geo. 3. c. 9. - r - - - c. 79.

f continued.)

Jo

t

.39 Geo. III. 11° Mariii.

309

VOL. 54.

4 K

(continued.)

Committee on Kill to continue Scotch Simll Notes Act.

310

118 Martii.

A. 1799.

Matter.

GUERNSEY JERSEY, and ALDERNEY PROVISIONED.

AEl.

37 Geo. 3. c. 125.

38 ----- --c. 29.

GREENLAND

and

WHALE FISHERY.

SILK. FLAX, and

FLAX SEED.

LEVANT TRADE.

SALT, PORTUGAL.

EAST INDIA COMPANY

EAST INDIA PRODUCE.

INVASION

and

DEFENCE.

34 Geo. 3. C. 22.

35 Geo. 3. c. 100.

36 - ----- ----4.

37 ——

37 Geo. 3. c. 84.

Duration.

) The present War with France, &c.

38 Geo. 3 c. 1

35 Geo. 3. c. 115.

38 Geo. 3. c. 68.

38 Geo. 3. c 27.

k

1

' *

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iilue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

_ Mr. Speaker left thcJChair. ——

Air. Burden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir William Pulteney reported from the Committee, to Buildwa whom the Bill for enlargi ng th eTerm and Powers of an Act, Bilk reported! passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, and from thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road at Tern,

in the County of Salop, so far as relates to the last-. mentioned Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill# and found

the

39 Geo. III.

11

Martii.

311

Mach Wen-J^ck Roads Bill, reported.

the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House '; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be. added to the Bill, for veiling Money, belonging to Corporations and incapacitated Persons, in the Funds.

And the said Clause was 1'wice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir William Pulteney reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A<5ls, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock, and from Gleeton Hill to

in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place'; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a-Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for veiling Money belonging to Corporations and incapacitated Persons in the Funds.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Overseers Affishnt Bill, reported, and recommitted.

Cambric ks Bill polled. (Expiring law.)

Mr. Mainzvaring, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to alfift the Overseers of the Poor, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table, where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; '

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Rest -lived, That the said Bill be re-committed to a

Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to revive and continue an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French " Lawns into this Kingdom, net being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being " warehoused for Exportation," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; . _

V o l. 54.

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty,

Chapter Seventy-two, videlicet, on the Sixth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns' into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report wayi Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred an" Means> to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expiring Low. That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the °"

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain " Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and " taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign " Raw Linen Yarns, made of Flax," which said Act was, by Two other Acts of the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the 24th Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1799, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr Douglas, Mr.

Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report Sup-Committee of the Whole House, to whom it was refer- ply-red to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, prince Ed-That His Majesty be enabled to grant a Yearly Sum, ward, out of the Consolidated Fund, not exceeding Twelve Thousand Pounds, to His Royal Highness Prince Edward.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' Prince Emcfl, That His Majesty be enabled to grant a Yearly Sum, out Auguttus. of the Consolidated Fund, not exceeding Twelve Thousand Pounds, to His Royal Highness Prince Augustus.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That His Majesty's most Princess Gracious Message to this House, of the tftDay of this A, Pc;,i‘'.s..An Instant March, might be again read. dered. ' 'or *

And the same was again read, by Mr. Speaker.

The ‘

3i *

11° Ma

A. 1799.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to " lettle on their Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick " Bishop of Osnaburgh, William " Augustus, Augustus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick,

" an Annuity of Sixty Thousand Pounds per Annum;

" and all'o, to settle on their Royal Highnesses the " Princesses Charlotte Au Matilda, Augujla Sophia, " Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, One other Annuity of " Thirty Thousand Pounds per Annum; and also, to set- tie on his Highness Prince William Frederick, One " other Annuity of Eight Thousand Pounds per Annum; and on her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda. One other Annuity of Four Thousand Pounds " per Annum," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine ContradThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to settle on her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia, Part of the Annuity of Thirty Thousand Pounds per Annum, which His Majesty was enabled to settle on their Royal Highnesses His Majesty's other Daughters out of the Hereditary Revenues, by virtue of the said Act: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

B;1t to limit Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according

/orSUves! 18 to Order, a Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on

pitiented! the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a. Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bill to conti- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

SmiifNote Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) further to continue,

Act, pJled! for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, on< the Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the First Day of February " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an " Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter " Seven, on the Second Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six " Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session " of Parliament, Two several Acts, palfed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and " Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, the " one Chapter Thirty-two, on the Tenth Day of " March, and the other Chapter Sixty-one,. on the " Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited " Time, the Operation of certain Acts, made in the " Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of " Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange, under a. " limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called " England; and also, to amend the said Act, and further to continue the fame, so amended, until the " Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-nine," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Ten, videlicet, on the Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-

7

seventh, and in the Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for suspending the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce Bird do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, utetheRe- upon the Bill to facilitate the Redemption of the Land demotion of Tax, by Bishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and the iandTax» all Corporations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums " of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land " Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of " March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- eight," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in: this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act ‘ to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act *

‘ made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption ‘ and Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the fe-‘ veral Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth " Day of March One Thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- instruction, mittee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for explaining and amending the said Acts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- Bill repotted, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committeeon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Time for returning Duty Assessments under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties " imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for " the Prosecution of the War, and to make more " effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting " certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said " Duties," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The

39 Geo. III.

11 — 12 .

5 3

Th? House was moved, That Act, ipade in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and u Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and H to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j frfeuftion. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for explaining and amending the said Act.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they , ' had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received, gill reported. Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

certain Ports of the island of Newfoundland without Convoy,

And then the House adjourned till ‘fo-morrbw Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Marlis, 12° Martii

Anno 39° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799

Prayers.

MR. Bernard presented to the House, according to Hortonlado-Order, a Bill for dividing, allottingt&nd inclosing, felted. ' the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Horton, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Adrien Charles Papillon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

directed

Adrien PapiU Ion's Nat. Bill, reported *

true; and that the Committee had directed him to

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into farther report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment i

to amend Attornies, &c, Stamp Duty A&t deferred.

Committee on Expiring Law Pill, (Sail

Confederation upon Wednesday Morning next

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the . Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time . Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas, of the Manqfacture of Great Britain,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report b$ received Tomorrow Morning.

Bromsgrove

Inclosure Billj

comjaitted.

and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for'dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Bromsgrove, in the County of , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt,

Mr. Lygon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Much w«. of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the lcK R°?d Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and '1,1 e<" the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much IVenlock, and from Gleeton to

in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much IVenlock, and from Gleeton Hill to Cressage, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply, de. Resolved, That this House will, upon

frrrtd. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to, consider further of the Supply granted

to His Majesty.

Way and Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom-

dc_ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Newfound- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

in? jhrps a Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the <rre whole House, upon the Bill to permit Ships to fail Rom Y°f , 54,

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Buildwas of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign Bridge Road of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Bl11' pa(Icd' Road from The Birches Brook to Buildwas Bridge, ancj from thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road at Tem Bridge, in the County of Salop, so far as relates tq the last-mentipped Road, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, apd from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of

4 L th *

Petition from Part of Berkshire against the Game Bill.

Petition from Worcester-ftiire in favour of it.

Brixham Quay, &c. Bill, reported.

Whitehurn and Kelso Road Bill, reported.

314 120 Martii. A. 1799.

the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be widening the Road from The Birches Brook to Build was ingrossed.

Bridge, and from thence to join the Walling Street

Turnpike Road at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop, A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and Loufhbo-so far as relates to the left-mentioned Road: altering the Powers, of Two Acts, the one passed in the

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King zouch Road Lords, and desire their Concurrence. George the Second, and the other in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and 1,11 e *

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders, Farmers, 'keeping in Repair, the Road lead i ng from Burleigh Bridge, and Occupiers of Lands, within the Hundreds of in the Town of Loughborough, to de la Zouch, in

Faircrossand Kintbury Eagle, in the County of Berks, the County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleortott That tire Petitioners, fenlible of the Advantages de- Church over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington rived by an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the and Sutton Bonington to Renipston, in the Counties of Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to Leicester and Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

" amend an Act, made in the Second Year of the Resolve That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund " Reign of LpR present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to " the better Freservation of the Game in that Part of meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the " Great Britain called EnglandAnd, apprehensive that Speaker's Chamber, the Wheat Harvest is likely to be late, as much Land

is actually sowing with Wheat during this Month of A Bill for more effectually repairing and improving Fofton Bridge March, therefore pray. That the Act before-mentioned the Road from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, Lltt may remain unaltered, and continue in Force. to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, was *

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are read a Second Time. mined,

thereunder written, and who have taken out Game Cer- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tificates for the Year 1798, in the County and City of Pierrepont, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, &c.: And Worcester, and Places adjacent, and of those who mean they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, to take out Certificates, was also presented to the in the Speaker's Chamber.

House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of Order That Mr. Douglas do make the Report Sail clotj the Reign of His present Majesty, which limit the from the Committee of the whole House, to whom (ExpTnng Time for killing Partridges in England and Scotland; the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, Law), and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as re- present Majesty, for disallowing the Bounty on the latcs to such Limitation within that Part of Great Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas, of the Britain called England, by making other Provisions for Manufacture of Great Britain, was committed. that Purpose: And praying, That the same may pass into Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Com- a Law. ' mittee, the Amendment which the Committee had

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie tnade to the Bill, and which they had directed to be re-upon the Table. ported to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Mr. William Adams reported from the Committee, to 'Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the whom the Bill to enable the Lords of the Manor of Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question Brixham, in the County of Devon, to repair and enlarge, put thereupon, agreed to by the House, or rebuild, the Pier or Quay at Brixham Quay, within Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be the said Manor, to improve the Harbour there, to ingrossed.

regulate the Moorings of Vessels therein, and toestablish Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time a Market there, was committed; That the Committee Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the grofled. same to be true; and that the Committee had gone

through the Bill, and made several Amendments Mr. Burdon, according to Order, reported from the Billtocontl-thereunto, which they had directed him to report to Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to nue Scotch the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, passed in Aa,reported, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing several at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Acts for allowing the Banks, and certain Banking Com-Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One panies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, was upon, were agreed to by the House. committed, the Amendments which the Committee

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be had made to the Bill, and which they had directed ingrossed. _ him to report to the House; and he read the Report

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Mr. Montgomery reported from the Committee, to the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the whom the Bill for making and maintaining the Road Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a from or near Whitsburn, in the County of Berwick, to Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, was severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. committed; That the Committee had examined the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be ingrossed.

true; and that the Committee had gone through the Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in- they had directed him to report to the House; and he grofled. - *

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Mr. D presented to the House, according to Linen Bounty Table: Where the Amendments were Once read Order, a Bill to continue, for a further Time to be ®ExpirinetCd throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Law.) and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for agreed to by the House, - granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish

o Linens

30 Geo. III. x 2° Martii.315

Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. *

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning. *

The Lord A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

have agreed to pgpys.

Mr. Speaker,

Bill to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

OiiordCanal Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more Amendment, effectual, several Acts, passed in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Account of Mr. Lonp- presented to the House, pursuant to their

JS? Addrefi to His Majesty,

feuted. An Account of the Charges incurred and paid for

Secret Service Money, for the lad Twenty-five Years; distinguishing each Year, and what Sums have been made good by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, -

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of Mr. Wallace presented to the House, pursuant to their

Unfunded Order Navy Debt vAiucr *

presented. An Account of the Amount of the Unfunded Debt of the Navy, and of all Demands outstanding on the 31st December 1798; distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consist. /

' And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Prince Ed- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to ward's, &c. Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an An-presented. nuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal High-

ness Prince Edward, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Ernest Augustus, during His Majesty's Pleasure: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

princess Ame- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Jj 's Annuity Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to settle on Her ,pre ente , j^0yaj Higiiness the Princess Amelia, Part of the An» . nuity of Thirty Thousand Pounds per Annum, which His Majesty was enabled to settle on their Royal Highnesses His Majesty's other Daughters, out of the Hereditary Revenues, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Herrirt°F' ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^:n|cFl,h- consider of the Report which was. made from the fend. Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the

British Herring Fisheries, and into the moll effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension;

Vo L. 54.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of Account of the Charges incurred and paid for Secret Mone^tobo Service Money, for the last Twenty-five Years, distin- pruned! guishing each Year, and what Sums have been made good by Parliament, be printed, as shall be sufficient for theUfe of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Game upon the Bill for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which limit the Time for killing Partridges in England and Scotland-, and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to such Limitation within that Part of Great Britain called England, by making other Provisions for that Purpose;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Motions for put, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee,

That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for more effectually preventing the trespassing in any Field of Standing Corn;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Sir Henry Paulet Saint John 1 Mi I dm ay, V 13.

Sir William Young: J

Telle, for the No, {ZtZ'Y' } 57-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

'That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the better Preservation of the Moor or Hill Game;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left" the Chair.

Mr. Amiefley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Annefey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be.received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account, shewing the Amount of the Monies that would have been applicable to the Expences of His dered, Majesty's Civil Government, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues, and so much as was granted to his late Majesty out of the Aggregate Fund and Duty . arising from Wine Licences, had been granted to, or referred by. His present Majesty, from the 5th of January 1777 to the 5th of January 1799; distinguislv ing each Year, and the Net Produce of each of the said Revenues, so far as the same can be ascertained:

Shewing also the Amount of the Annuity received by His Majesty, during the said Period, in lieu of those Revenues, and the Amount of the Monies granted by Parliament, during the said Period, for the Discharge of the Civil List Debt; and the Difference to the Public, upon the Balance of the said Account.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, which Revenue Ac-were presented to the House upon the 2 2d Day of counts-January last, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

Report resetting Prisons in Middlesex, pre-fen ted.

referred.

Severn Towing Path Bill, reported.

Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men, deferred.

Bill to amend Attornies,&c. Stamp Duty Att, deferred.

316 13° — 13°

Mr. Strachey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Strachey reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Committee, appointed to inspect the General Concerns of the Prisons " of the County of Middlesex, laid before the General " Sessions of the Peace for the said County, 21st February 1799."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of His Majesty's Prison in Cold Bath. Clerkenwell.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved anjongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, and keeping " in Repair, a Road or Passage for Horses on the " Banks of the River Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called The Meadow JVharf, at " Dale, for haling and drawing Vessels along the said

" River, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," was committed j'That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other. Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men to be raised, and to serve, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerk ships to " Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in " England therein mentioned," be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martii. A. 1799.

Mercurii, 130 Martii \

Anno 39 Georgii III''1 Regis, 1799. Praters.

MR. "John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Halt Year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Hevingham and in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes, was committed , That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of ham, of the Annual Value of £.7. 5 s. who refused to sign the Bill j and also, the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of £.132. 75. 8 who had either been applied to and returned no Answer, or could not be met with , and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure within the said Parish is of the Annual Value of £.907. 7 and also, except the Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Marsham, of the Annual Value of £. 23. ior. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of £.59. 12 s.6d. who had either been applied to and returned no Answer, or could not be met with; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure within the said Parish of Marsham is of the Annual Value of £. 765. 7 6d.; and

that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout i and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Adrien Charles Papillon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Adrien Charles Papillon.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, and " keeping in Repair, a Road or Passage for Hories on " the Banks of the River Severn, between Bewdley " Bridge and a Place called The Meadow Wharf, at " Coalbrook Dale, for haling and drawing Vessels along the said River, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, and keeping in " Repair, a Road or Passage for Horses on the Banks of " the River Severn, between Beiodley Bridge and a 44 Place calledThc Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, for

" haling

Hevingham, &c. Inclosure Bill, reported,

Adrien FapU-lon's Nat. . Bill, passed.

Severn Towing Path Bills paSfed *

39 Geo. III. 130 Martii.

3 7

" haling and drawing Vessels along the said River, and " for other Purposes therein mentioned."

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whitebum An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining the Road from or near Whitebin the County of Berwick, passed. ' to the Town of Ke/fo, in the County of Roxburgh, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining the Road from or near Whiteburn, in the County of to the

Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Montgomery do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

liverpool Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, reported from the Common, reported m ttec> to whom the Petition of William Woodman, r Thomas Mortis, William "Jones, and James Jones, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative tq Bills for making Aqueducts, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to enable the Corporation of Liverpool, to make a Grant to Sir Cleave Moore, Baronet, for liberty to bring fresh Water into the said Town of Liverpool, was read: And,

Mr. William Tates, being examined, said. That the beneficial Purposes of the said Act has hitherto been frustrated, and cannot be carried into Execution, unless the said Act be amended, altered, and rendered more effectual; or new, and more extensive Powers be granted for that Purpose; that the Inhabitants of the said Town, as well as the Seamen in the Port of Liverpool, are at present subject to great Inconvenience and Expence, by the Want of a sufficient Supply of wholesome fresh Water; that the Springs of Bootle would afford a very desirable Supply of pure and wholesome Water, for the said Town and Port.

And the Witness further said, That the Petitioners are the Proprietors of, or interested in, the said Water Springs, and they are desirous, at their own Expence, of conveying the same into, and through, the several Streets of the said Town, for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, and the Ships and other Vessels frequenting the said Port, which will be of great Convenience to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better supplying thq Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of , in the County Palatine of: And that Mr.

Blackburne, of Lancashire, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Vetmon for A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are fcnta-Peudon thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of to amend Land in a certain Open Common Pasture, called Morton

&aa Carr, the Townships of Morton, East -

nc 0 ure with, Bliton, Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving, the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands an4 Waste Grounds, Vo 1. 54.

within the several Townships of Morton, Walkeritk, East Stockwith, Bliton, Wharton,.Pilham, and Gilby, in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the County of Lincoln; and that, by the said Act, it is provided and enacted, that, immediately after a certain Plot or Parcel of Land therein mentioned shall have been, in the Judgment of the Commissioners appointed for executing the said Act, sufficiently improved by Flooding and Warping, they the said Commissioners shall set out and allot a Part of the said Common called Morton Carr, not exceeding 400 Acres in the Whole, in order by Sale to raise a Sum of Money for or towards paying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing the Act, anti <?f executing the fame, so far only as all such Charges and Expences Ihguld relate to or concern the said Common called Morton Cart", and it was also provided, that, in case the Money arising by the Sale of such Allotment, should not be tuliicient to defray the Expences aforesaid, then that such Deficiency should be made up by the several Persons interested in the said Common called Morton Carr, in the Manner directed by the said Act; and that, according to the Provssions of the said Act, as above stated, it is necessary that the Sale of the said Portion of Land, or so much thereof as should be necessary, must be had and made before any Rate can be made on the Owners or Proprietors of the said Carr, but it has been found impracticable to fell the said Portion of Land, whereby the further Execution of the said Act is flopped, and all the Improvements expected to arise therefrom are suspended, and must so remain, unless Power is given to the Commissioners to lay and collect, by Way of Rate, on the Owners and Proprietors of the said Carr, such Sums of Money as may be necessary for fully executing the Powers of the said Act, without waiting until the said Allotment shall be actually fold; and that it is also by the said Act expressly directed, that tVhen and so loon as the Works of Drainage and Warping, thereby directed to be done, should be executed, and the said Carr should, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, be sufficiently improved, the said Carr should be divided and allotted, but that, in all Events, such Division and Allotments should be made before the Expiration of Five Years from the Time of passing the said Act; and that, from the various Impediments and Delays that have arilen in carrying the said Act into Execution, it appears manifestly that the said Carr cannot be put into such a State of Improvement, as that a Division and Allotment thereof can, with Propriety, be made amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, within the Time so limited as aforesaid, and it is therefore necessary that the Term for making such Division and Allotment should be extended; and that the Necessity of applying to Parliament for an Amendment of the said Act, in the particular Instancesabove-mentioned, was not ascertained, until a Meeting of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Carr, which was held on Thursday the 28th Day of February last, being after the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills; and that, for the Reasons above mentioned, the Improvement of a Tract of 4,000 Acres of valuable Land must be delayed, without the further Aid of Parliament, and, unless it shall please the House to receive a Petition for that Purpose, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills is elapsed, great Loss must accrue to the Proprietors of the said Carr: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, and render more effectual, the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Owners and Proprietors of Land in the said Open Common Pasture called Morton.

4 M Then

tesje gives.

Petition presented.

Bill to amend Southill Inclo-iure A&, committed.

Petition for widening, &c. Streets leading from the Hay-market, reported.

318 130 Ma A. 1799.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Land in a certain Open Common Failure, called Morton Carr, in the Townships of Morton, JValkeritk, with, Bliton, Wharton, Pi/ham, and in the several Parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilhatn, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, enlarge, and render more effectual, the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be deferred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Sir Gilbert cote, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Power of Exchange in an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and " other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Southill, in the County of was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. 'Tierney, Mr. Wilberforce Bird, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Tyrwhittreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of William Taylor, of the Haymarket, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with, because the Whole of the Premises, intended to be taken for making the Openings and Improvements mentioned in the Petition, being the Property of His Majesty, it was expedient that the Permission of the Crown Oilicers to proceed should be obtained, before any Steps preparatory to an Application to Parliament could be taken, and that such Permission was not obtained till the Time appointed for giving the said Notices was elapsed; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations-of the said Petition, Mr. Vincent Frederick, being examined, said, That the Street called Pall Mall, is one of the principal Approaches to Saint James's Palace, from the Eastern Parts of the Metropolis, and is a very great Thoroughfare, but that the East End thereof is not so wide as the other Parts of the Street, by which Means Obstructions and Inconveniencies frequently occur in that Part, and more particularly on the Nights of Performance at the Opera House, to which it nearly adjoins. And being further examined, he said, That, if the said East End of Pall Mall, from the Haymarket aforesaid to Market Lane, were widened, and a new Street were made and opened from the said Haymarket into Charles Street, leading to Saint James's Square, it would be a very great Convenience to the Public in general, and would also be a great Convenience and Accommodation to the Nobility and Gentry, and all others resorting to the said Theatre, by rendering the Access thereto more easy and commodious, and would also tend to their Safety, by making the said Theatre more secure from Fire, and would, as he conceives, tend very materially to increase the Value of the circumjacent Houses, and other Property.

Mr. Frederick Waljh, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Kempe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, to Witchcross, and from, the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid to the Broil Park Gate, and from Offham to Witchcross aforesaid, all lying within the county of ; and also, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Aftj made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lezves, and other Roads in the County of Sussex, and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate to the West End of the Turnpike Road, leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of and,

and from the said Broil Park Gate to the Town of Battle, in the said County; and also, an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Powers of Twro Acts, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, and Sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lezves, and other Roads in the County of SuJJe and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate to the West End of the Turnpike Road, leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of and

Burzvash, and from the said Broil Park to the Town of Battle, in the said County, so far as relates to the Road from the Broil Park Gate to the West End of the Turnpike Road, leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of and Btirwafh.

I . O d>

aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

7 o t

House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; And,

JoJias Smith, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged, and the Acts, in other Respects, made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term granted by Two several Acts, of the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of His present Majesty, and to enlarge and extend the Powers given by the said Acts, and by Two former Acts, of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lezves, and certain other Roads in the County of Sussex, named and described in the said Acts: And that Mr. Kempe, Mr. CreJJ'e Pelham, and Sir Godfrey Webjler, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. MDozvall reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of , for themselves,'

and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame.

Lewes and Witchcrois, See. Roads Petition, reported.

Glasgo Tw Pennies Scots Petition, reported.

<Jreat Staugh-ton and Kim-bolton Roads Bill, committed.

Port Glasgow imd Newark Two Pennies Scots Petition; reported.

39 Geo. III. 13°

fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts of Parliament, for granting on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer, which should be brewed and fold within the City of Glasgow, and Village of , a Duty of Two

Pennies Scots, were read: And,.

John Set on, Esquire, being examined, said, That large Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Revenue of the said City, which have been laid out on sundry useful Public Works, for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants, who have of late Years greatly increased: And the Witness added, That the said Money cannot be repaid (the other Branches of the Revenue of the said City being inadequate to its Annual Expenditure) unless the said Duty be continued for a further Term; and that the said Acts require to be further amended and explained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of and Village of Gorbals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof: And that Mr. M'D and Mr. William :"Dundasdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty king George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Ueign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Brown's Lane, in Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough. Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbotlon, to the Way Poll near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fordyce, Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, See.:And they are td

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. M'Dowall reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailies and Trustees of the Towns of Port Glasgow and in the County of

Renfrew, North Britain, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftenvards delivered it in $t the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, and several Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain, for granting a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer which should be brewed, in brought, vended, tapped, and fold, in the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, were read, and by an Act of the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark were united and erected into a Body Politic and Corporate, under the Government of a Magistracy and Council, denominated Bailies and Trustees, and the said Duties leviable in the said Towns and Privileges thereof, were, by the said Act, transferred from the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, and were vested in the said Bailies and Trustees of the said Town of Port Glasgow and Newark, for Behoof of the Community thereof, for defraying the Expence of Ministers Stipends, Schoolmasters Salaries, repairing and preserving the Streets and Causeways of the said Towns, lighting, paving, and watching the lame, for erecting Markets, and for other Public Works: And, Vo L. 54.

Martii. 319

-1

John Seton, Esquire, beingexamined, said, That a very great Proportion of the Revenue appointed for the above Purposes, ariles from the said Duty, and that the Grant of the said Duty will expire at the End of the next Session of Parliament, which will occur after the First Day of November One thousand Eight hundred and One, and that there will then be no sufficient and adequate Public Revenue for defraying the aforesaid necessary Public Expences, unless the said Duty be continued for a further Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring; in a Bill for

o o

continuing, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, for charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, qr One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Privileges thereof: And that Air. M'Dowall and Mr. William Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Aleadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Honington, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir 7homas Charles Bunbury, Lord Viscount Brome, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford.

And the said Amendment was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 28. After " whatsoever" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " Provided always, and be it further " Enadlsd, That all Sunis of Money which have been, or shall be, " paid to any Bodies Politic, Cor-uporate, or Collegiate, Corpora tions Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees " in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any " Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes " Covert, or other CeftuiqueTrusts, or to any Person or Persons " whole Messuages, Buildings, " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in strict Settlement for the Purchase of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which " have been purchased, or which " shall be purchased, shall, in case " the same exceeds the Sum of c Twenty Pounds, by such Bodies " Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, " Corporations Aggregate or Sole, " Feoffees inTrust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians. Committees, or other Trusttees, Person or Persons seised of " such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, " Tenements, or Hereditaments, so " limited in strict Settlement, bp " laid out, as soon as conveniently " may be, in the Purchase of Lands, " Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee Simple, and conveyed to

" or

Honington Inclosure Bill, committed.

Lords Amendment to Kill to amend Oxfoj 4 Canal Act, agreed to.

Bill to amend Act for regulating the Shipping of Slaves, presented.

3 20 i 30 Martii. 1799.

or to tke Use of such Bodies Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported frorti the Committee, to Gofportand Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whom the Bill for continuing and amending an Act,

" Corporations Aggregate or Sole, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His pre- reported.

" Feoffees in Tryft, Executors, Ad- sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads ' ministrators, Husbands, Guar- from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to u dians. Committees, or other Truf- Waltham, and from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond, " tecs, and to and for such other in the Parish of , all in the County of -

" Person or Persons, and for such ampton, was committed; That the Committee had ' Estates, and to, for, upon, and examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the " subject to such Uses, Trusts, same to be true j and that the Committee had gone " Limitations, Remainders, and through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereContingencies, as such Messuages, unto, which they had directed him to report to the " Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afHereditaments, for or in respect terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in " whereof such Purchase Money or at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were " Monies so paid, or which shall be Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One paid as aforesaid, were limited, by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- e settled, and assured, at the Times upon, were agreed to by the House.

" such Purchase Monies were or Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be " shall be so paid, or so many of ingrossed.

" such Uses as were then or shall

<c be existing and capable of tak- OrdeThat the Order of the Day, for the Third Bil110 ing Effect; and in the mean Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a small Note *

" Time, and until such Purchase Time to be limited, an Act, passed in the present Act, pass«V

" and Purchases shall be made, the Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for " said Monies shall be placed out allowing the Banks, and certain Banking Companies, in by such Bodies Politic, Corpo- that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes rate, or Collegiate, Corporations for Sums under a certain Amount, be now read.

" Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in < And the said Order being read accordingly

" Trail, Executors, Administrators, The said Bill was read the Third Time.

* Husbands, Guardians, Commit-- RefolThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title " tees, or other Traftees, Person or be. An Act to continue, until the End of the next " Persons, in some of the Public Session of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Thirty- c Funds, or on Government or ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" Real Securities, in the Names of Chapter Ten, videlicet, on the Fourth Day of January,

" Two or more Persons, the one to One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for be nominated by the Party or continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks, and " Parties interested therein, and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Bri~

" the other by the Commissioners tain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a " appointed by the several herein- certain Amount.

" before recited Acts of the Ninth, Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill

" Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign

* of His present Majesty, or any Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ^j{

P Five or more of them; and the Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue, for a (Expiring

' " Interest arising or to be produced Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Law-)

" from such Funds or Securities, Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for difal shall be paid to such Person or lowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of " Persons respectively, as would for Sail Cloth or Canvas, of the Manufacture of Great " the Time being be entitled to the Britain, be now read.

" Rents and Profits of such Mef- And the said Order being read accordingly j

" fuages, Buildings, Lands, Tene- The said Bill was read the Third Time.

" ments, and Hereditaments, so Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

* purchased or to be purchased, in be. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

" case the same were purchased and March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, passed in

" settled pursuant to the Tenor the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth

" and true Meaning of this Act." and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty,

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the Sixth Day of June Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for House. disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Sail Cloth or Canvas, of the Manufacture of Great;

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Britain.

to the Amendment made by their Lordships. Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report of Bin the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further Consideration the Report from the Committee of regulating, until the First Day of August One thou- the whole House, to whom the Bill to facilitate the Re- tion of the " sand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the Shipping demption of the Land Tax, by Bishops and other Ecand carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast clefiastical Persons, and all Corporations, was commit- dered.

" of AfricaAnd the same was received , and read ted, be now read.

the First Time. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. The House proceeded to take the said Report into

Ordered, That the Bud Bill be read a Second Time further Consideration.

Tomorrow Morning. And the Amendments, made by the Committee to

the

39 Geo. III. 13 0 Marti321

the said Bill, as far as Clause (V)j being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause ( V). the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, was read a Second Time, and amended.'

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, \ "r; J 34-

Te.lere for the Noes,{ 1' } 4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments nude by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, respecting the Limitation of the Time of Appeals.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be tnade Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, being the Form of the Contract.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Lords have agreed to

Mutiny BilL

Margate Pier BUI.

Kilburn Bridge and Sparrow's Heme Road BUI,

Burton upon

Trent, &c. Roads Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Pier of , in the Isle

of Thanet, in the County of , and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and for altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Nfiddlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and increasing, altering, and enlarging, the Powers, of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of through

Vol. 54.

the said Town; to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment:

And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Nottingham Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from R^d^Bilu thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Nottingham and Derby, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chap-pel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lent on, to Sawley Ferry; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, iritituled, An De Luc's Nat. Act for naturalizing John de Luc-, without any Amend- B,n ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Edward, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Erness Augustus, during His Majesty's Pleasure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to settle on Her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia, Part of the Annuity of Thirty Thousand Pounds per Annum, which His Majesty was enabled to settle on their Royal High-nesses His Majesty's other Daughters, out of the Hereditary Revenues, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Strachey, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers, Revenue Ac-which were presented to the House upon the and Day counts of January last, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) the Resolutions Much the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow'dh; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Eahar, and Oriffa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue,

Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Re ceipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, 1794-5 to 1796-7, beta inclusive, to the Sum of Five Crore Seventy-seven Lacks Eighty-six Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-two Current Rupees.

4 N

Princess Amelia' Annuity Bill, committed.

Report o East India Conmanv's

Prince Edward's and PrinceEmeft'g Annuity Bill committed.

322 13 Martii. 1799 *

P-efolved.That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and and from

Benares and Oude, under the same Heads, which were estimated, for the Year 1796-7, to amount to FiveCrore Seventy-one Lacks Five Thousand One Hundred and Thirteen Current Rupees, amounted to Five Crore Seventy Lacks Thirty-nine Thousand and Sixty Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, which were estimated, for the Year 1796-7, at Three Crore Seventy-three Lacks Thirty-eight Thousand Five Hundred and Ninety-eight Current Rupees, amounted to Three Crore Eighty-six Lacks Twenty-nine Thousand Four Hundred and Twenty Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues^ Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1797-8, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Five Crore Seventy-four Lacks Thirty-eight Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy-seven Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Civil, Judicial, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1797-8, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council, to amount to the Sum of Three Crore Eighty-nine Lacks Thirty-nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Ten Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, exclusive of Ceylon, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, the Rajah of Tanjore, and the Nizam, Land Revenues and Farms, and Licences, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, 1794-5 to 1796-7, both inclusive, to the Sum of Forty-six Lacks Fifteen Thousand One Hundred and Eighty-six Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Sea and Land Customs, Subsidies from the Nabob of Arcot, the Rajah of Tanjore, and the Nizam, Land Revenues and Farms, and Licences, which were estimated, for the Year 1796-7, to amount to Fifty-three Lacks Ninety-eight Thousand Five Hundred and Six Pagodas, amounted to Forty-nine Lacks Ninety Thousand Eight Hundred and Twenty-one Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Post Office, Civil, Military, and Revenue Charges, and for Build-

ings and Fortifications, which were estimated, for the Year 1796-7, to amount to Fifty Lacks Thirteen Thousand and Sixty-two Pagodas, amounted to Sixty Lacks Twenty-one Thousand Two Hundred and Twenty-nine Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads aforesaid, for the Year 1797-8, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of,

to amount to Fifty-eight Lacks Thirty-six Thousand Six Hundred and Eighty-nine Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in The Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads aforesaid, in the Year 1797-8, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount to the Sum of Sixty-two Lacks Seven Thousand and Ninety-six Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, 1794-5 to 1796-7, both inclusive, to the Sum of Twenty-six Lacks Eighty-four Thousand Four Hundred and Eighty-six Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year 1796-7^ to amount to Twenty-five Lacks Thirty-two Thousand Nine Hundred and Seventy-four Rupees, amounted to Twenty-eight Lacks Eight Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges incurred by the East India Company at' the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, which were estimated, for the Year 1796-7, to amount to Sixty-nine Lacks Fifteen Thousand Three Hundred and Twenty-two Rupees, amounted to Seventy-four Lacks Eighty-two Thousand Eight Hundred and Ninety-two Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the E India Company at the1

Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, for the Year 1797-8, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to Twen-ty-eight Lacks Thirty-six Thousand Four Hundred and Fifty Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges to be defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the Year 1797-8, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombay, to amount to Seventy-five Lacks Two Thousand Six Hundred and Sixty-seven Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company at the-Residency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, from 1794-5 to 1796-7, both inclusive, to Nineteen Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty Spanish Dollars.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company at the several Settlements in India, amounted, on the 30th April 1797, to the Sum of Nine Crore Twenty-nine Lacks Forty-five Thousand Three Hundred and Ninety-four Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Part of the aforesaid Debts, bearing Interest, amounted to Seven Crore Forty-leven Lacks Ninety-one Thousand Six Hundred and Twenty-six Current

Rupees,

39 Geo. III. . 13 — 14323

Rupees, and that the Intereil thereon amounted to Fifty-seven Lacks Sixty-seven Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-two Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Value of Assets in India, confiding of Calli in the Treasuries, of Bills receivable, of Goods provided to be shipped for England, of Goods imported to be sold in India, of Salt, Opium, and of Stores for Use or Sale, amounted, on the 30th April 1797 (including Current Rupees Five Crore Forty-three Lacks Forty ' Thousand Five Hundred and Sixty-eight of Debts dated to be owing to the Company there) to Ten Crore Fifty-three Lacks Eleven Thousand Four Hundred and Fifty-three Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Balance of Stock against the India Company's Commerce in China, amounted, on the 3rd May 1797, to the Sum of Seven Hundred and Eighteen Thousand Nine Hundred and Forty-five Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company in Great Britain (including One Million and Ninety-one Thousand Nine Hundred and Twenty-five Pounds of Debt transferred from India) amounted, on the id March 1798, to Seven Millions Two Hundred and Eighty-four Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-four Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Effects of the East India Company in England, and afloat Outward, confiding of Annuities, Cash in the Treasury, Goods fold not paid for, Goods unfold, Cargoes afloat, and other Articles in their Commerce, amounted, on the id March 1798, to the Sum of Thirteen Millions Two Hundred and Eleven Thousand Three Hundred and Seventy Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sales of the East India Company's Goods, which, in February 1793, were edimated, on an Average, to amount to Four Millions Nine Hundred and Eighty-eight Thousand Three Hundred Pounds, amounted, in the Year 1797-8, to the Sum of Four Millions Seven Hundred and Eighteen Thousand Eight Hundred and Twenty-two, Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Mill to amend Ordered, That Mr. Simeon do make the Report from Gamr t^ws> the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill rcp°r for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which limit the Time for killing Partridges in England and Scotland; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to such Limitation within that Part of Great Britain Called England, by making other Provisions for that Purpose, was committed.

Mr. Simeon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofled.

Newfound- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House deferred ° ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit Ships to fail from certain Ports of the Island of Newfoundland without Convoy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

VOL. 54.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Overseers Af-next, resolve itself.into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to aflid the Overseers of the Poor.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ®'1110 amend the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the DiayAdTde-Time for returning Assessments under an Act, passed ferred. in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made " in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid " and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War,

" and to make more effectual Provision for the like " Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in " lieu of the said Duties," was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, de ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferre<1 House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole de *

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill to continue, for a further Linm Boun-Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth de *

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the (Expiring Second, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of Law.)

British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 140 die Martii;

Anno 39 Georgii III. U Regis, 1799.

Praters.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names Petition for are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the <T

House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for more Chcpitow,&c. effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road Rcuds B,u from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge-foot, in the Town of Chepjloiv, in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester,

Hereford, and Brecon-, and Setting forth, That the Road leading from and out of the Turnpike Road between Abergavenny and Ragland, at or near a House known by the Sign of The White Swan, in the Parish of Lanartk, in the County of Monmouth, through the Parishes of Lanarth, Penrose, and Lantillio, to join and communicate with a certain other Turnpike Road, commonly called The Landilo Road, leading from Abergavenny to Monmouth, at or near The Hojlry Public House, in the Parish of Lantillio Groffenny, in the said County, is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be widened, repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road hereinbefore described, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

Brixham Quay, See. Bill, passed *

B rid port. See. Roads Bill, presented.

Gosport and Fareham, See. Roads Bill, passed.

Bill to amend Game Law?, paiieti.

324 ' 140 Martiu A. 1799.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. M, Sir Charles , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Lords of the Manor of Brixham, in the County of Devon, to repair and en-

large, or re-build, the Pier or Quay at Brixham Quay, within the said Manor, to improve the Harbour there, to regulate the Moorings of Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lords of the Manor of Brixham, in the County of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or re-build, the Pier or Quay at Brixham Quay, within the said Manor, to improve the Harbour there, to regulate the Moorings of Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there.

Ordered, That Mr. William Adams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Barclay presented to the House, according to, Order, a Bill for continuing, altering, amending, and enlarging, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from an Intrenchment on After well Hill, through Bridport, to Penn Inn from Bridport to Bea-tninster; from the North End of the South Street of Bridport to Bridport Harbour-, from the North Turnpike Gate at Beaminsterto Beaminster Wood, otherwise W Common,

and to Lenham's Water, all in the County of Dor jet: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Waltham, and from Wickham aforesaid, to Pond,

in the Pari fir of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to amend the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishop's Wil-tham, and from Wickham aforesaid, to Chawton Pond, in the Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which limit the Time for killing Partridges in England and Scotland; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, as relates to such Limitation, within that Part of Great Britain called England, by making other Provisions for that Puqjofe, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Timd.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which limit the Time for killing Partridges in and Scotland-, and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to such Limitation, within that Part of Great Britain called England, by making other Provi-

fions for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ^omie1" Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the &ca°s,np Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Duty Act, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain comm, tte

" Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solici-<f tors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in England " therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Linen Bounty Reading of the Bill to continue, for a further Time to £j|it be limited, an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of ingLa^)^ the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of and

Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit Ships to fail from certain Ports bui. P of the Island of Newfoundland without Convoy, be now reiad.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Adams took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Adams reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee an to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to settle an An- Prince Er-nuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal High- BdiAnnu1' ness Prince Edward, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Ernest Augustus, during His Majesty's Pleasure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon Bill.

39 Geo. III. 140 Mar tit.

325

upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to settle on Her Royal 1 Jighness the Princcl's Part of the Annuity

of Thirty Thoufimd Pounds per Annum, which His Majesty was enabled to settle on their Royal High-nctles His Majesty's other Daughters, out of the Hereditary Revenues, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second an Act for re- Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made liiippin^of n the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act Slaves, com- " for regulating, until the First Day of One

nutted. u thou;anci Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the Shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the " Coast of Africa," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

A Alotion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tuesday Morning," and inlerting the Words, "This DayThreeWeeks, " the 4th Day of April," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Tuesday Morning," Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Mr‘ Smith,

letters for the Ieas, Mr

Tellers for the Noes, f

I Mr. Wood:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " This Day Three Weeks, the 4th Day of be in-

ferted instead thereof.

It was refoived in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the 4th Day of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Mdtning next. -

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Time for returning Assessments under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the " last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and " Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to " make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, " by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of " the said Duties," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed as amended.

Resolved, That the said Bill, as amended, be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air, Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive, " continue until the Tenth Day of April One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend, an Act, " palfed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on " Distilleries, in the several Parts of the Highlands of " Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited " Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland-, and for granting " to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits " distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted " Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland-, and for altering " and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the " Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Account of 4$ Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their

per Cent.Duty Address to His Majesty,

icfprctented. An Account of the several Charges upon the Fund arising from the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum in Barbadoes and the Leeward Ifands, together with the Names of the Persons paid out of the fame, for the last Twenty Years; distinguishing each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill to limit Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second for slaves^de- Reading of the Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves ferred. ' on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, be now read.

Vol. 54.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to facilitate the Redemption of the Land Tax, by Bishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and all Corporations, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the -whole house, upon the Bill to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and for making further Provision rc-spefting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioule,

4 O upon

Rill to amend the lucerne Dmy Act, recommitted.

considerc.l.

Scotch Distil-!cry additional Duty A&, to be considered.

Day appoinf-cd lor Third Reading of Bill to facilitate the Redemption of the Land l ax.

Bill to amend Acts rt IptCt-ingProvilional C1 wiry, deferred.

Volunteer Corps c. Exemption Bid, cktened.

Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men, deferred.

Braun's Nat. BiJl, committed.

Berrington, &o. Inclosure Bill, cmn«» mittedk

Hevingham, &c. Inclol'ure

Bill, passed.

Petition for regulating Porfeiagt, in London, &c. repoited.

14® — 150 Martii. A. 1799.

upon the Bill for exempting Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations, from being ballotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself >into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men to be raised, and to serve, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 150 Martii \

Anno 390 Georgii IIIlli Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lorents , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Burdon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Downs, Walles, and other Commonable Land?, within the several Hamlets or Tythings of Berrington, Broad Camp-den, and Westington, in the Parish of Chipping Campden, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill ba committed to Mr. John Pitt, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and' Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Hevingham and Marsham, in the County of

Norfolk-, and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Hevingham and Marsham, in the County of Norfolk -, and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Shack-age, and Common, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir John William do make the

Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Bankers, Traders, Shopkeepers, and others, Inhabitants of the City of London, and its Environs, was referred.

Sir John William Anderson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Stephen Jones, being examined, laid. That the Petitioners . 7

have long suffered from the exorbitant Charges made by . Innkeepers, and other Persons, for the Porterage of Parcels, Game, and other Things brought to the Cities of London and Westminster, and its Environs, and from the improper Conduit of the Porters employed to deliver the fame. And the Witness added. That the Laws now in Force against such Charges, are not only tedious, but attended with great Inconvenience; and that it would be advantageous to the Public, and the Parties concerned in the Delivery of Articles, if a certain fixed Rate, according to Distance, was established by Law, and all Differences respecting such Delivery, or the Charges for the fame, and the Conduct of the said Innkeepers and Porters, were referred to the Magistrates in the several Jurisdictions or Districts, to hear and determine the same in a summary Way.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Rates of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers and other Persons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent: And that Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Mainwaring, and Mr. Alderman do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wood presented to the House, according to Order, Monmouth a Bill for making and maintaining a Dram Road, or Cardiff-, Way, from or near a Place called Carno -Mill, in the Raidsani, Parish of Bedwelty, in the County of Monmouth, to or preiemed. near to the Town of Cardiff, in the county of,

with a Branch from the same to the Limestone Rocks, in the Parish of Merthyr Tidvil, in the said County of Glamorgan: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom Petition for the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are iu

thereunto lubscribed, was referred; That the Committee Ch^fto^v.&c. had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of Roads Bi l» the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com- reported-plied with (except that no Notices had been given as required by the Orders of the House,'it not having been intended until lately to make the Road, described in the Petition, and which is now a Public Road, Turnpike, and that the same is Three Miles and Three Quarters in Length, and all the Owners of the Land on each Side are contenting thereto, and the Trustees are to be restrained by the Bill from erecting any Gate or taking any Toll on the said Road); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read;andisasfolloweth^'/z.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John A'llprefs, being examined, laid, That the Road

leading from and out of the Turnpike Road between Abergavenny and Ragland, at or near a House known by the Sign of The White'Swan, in the Parish of in the County of Monmouth, through the Parishes of Lanerth, Penrose, and Lantiilio, to join and communicate with a certain other Turnpike Road, commonly called The Landilo Road, leading from Abergavanny to Monmouth, at or near The Hojlry Public House, in the Parish of Lantillio Groffenny, in the said County, is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be widened, repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; And the Witness added, That the said Road will be a great Accommodation to all Persons residing in or near the fame, as it will enable them to procure a Supply of Coal and Lime, which they cannot do at present, and will open a Communication with other Parts of the Country, which are in great Want of those Articles.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr.

Tmchester amt Aviier-Luuls, «5„c. Roi'.'.s Petition, reported.

t?veT»r'ol Wnter Bill, presented.

Orinrn Canal BiiJ,p relented.

Green Norton IncioMire iiit,p;dec£ed.

39 Geo. III. 15 0 Martii.327

Mr. Blackbnrne, of Lane afire, reported from the Com- L iberties and Precincts of Greens Norton, and Ilamlet

mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Tru(fees of Dunin the Parish of Greens Norton, in the County for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Eleventh of Northampton: And the same was receive!!; and read Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to en- the Firth Time.

large the 'Perm contained in Two several Acts of Par- Refo That the Bill be read a Second Time, liament, and to repair, widen, and amend, the Road from the Guide Post at the Westerly End of Newton A Petition of William Kemeys, Esquire, Evan Evans, Petition of Lane, within the Township of Manchester, in the County Thomas Barton, John Lloyd, John Matthews, John Watkins, Lands in Palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the Parish of 'William Lewis, Ann Jones, Thomas Price, James Howell, cimiiciuirdt,

Saddleworth, in the County of York, was referred; That Mary Morgan, James Crocomb, David Jones, Grace the Committee had examined, and found that the Daniel, and Mary Jones, Owners, Proprietors, and Oc- &c. Roads Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike cupiers of Lands in the Parish of in the BUI-

Bills; had been complied with; and that the Committee County of was presented to the House, and had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had read; Taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Village of to the Bridge-foot, in the Town of

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where Chepfow, in the County of Monmouth, and several other -the (lime was read; and is as followeth; viz.ltoads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the and Brecoand Setting forth, That by the said Bill it is said Acts were read: And, intended to add, to the present Turnpike Roads,a certain

Mr. George Worthington, being examined, said, That Branch of Road, to, from, and out of the Turnpike Road

great Progreis hath been made ip repairing the said leading from Newport to Chepfozv, at or near the Bottom "Road, and that a considerable Sum of Money is due of the Hill called The Oak Hill, opposite to a Lane and owing on the Credit of the Tolls, which Money, leading to the Duckpool Farm, in the Parish of Christ , together with the said Tolls, have been duly applied, Church, to the Village of Magor, in the said County of but that the said Money cannot be paid off, nor the Monmoutwhich said last mentioned Road will pass into said Road be properly amended, and kept in Repair, and through the several Parishes of tin lei's the Term of the said Act of the Eleventh of His Bijhton, and Magor, and the Hamlet of in

present Majesty, be continued; and the Powers and the said County of Monmouth j and that the Petitioners Provisions of the said Act being found defective, it are Owners and Occupiers of considerable Part of the is expedient that the same should be repealed, and Lands in the Line of the said intended Road, and ap further and other Powers granted instead thereof, prehend that the same will be greatly injurious to their And the Witness added. That the Road leading out Property, and will not be attended with any Public Of the said Turnpike Road, from the Town of Oldham, Advantage; and that it is intended, by the said Bill, to the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne, and also the Road iead- that the said new Road should go through the Land of ing out of the said Turnpike Road, from the said Town the Petitioner William Kemeys, contiguous to and near of Oldham, to the Village of Royton, in the said County Pa- his Mansion House at Mayndee, where he constantly latino of La ncaster, are both much out of Repair, narrow, relides, which Land he has been at a very great Expence and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, in improving, and, if the present Bill should pass into a widened, repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Law, the same will be rendered of considerable less Course of Law; and that it would be a great Advantage Value, and the said Bill would also be highly injurious and Convenience to the Neighbourhood, as well as to to the Property of the Petitioners; and that the Parish the Public, if the said Roads were made Turnpike, and of Christ Church alone, which is a small Parish, already included in the same Act as the said first-mentioned comprises an Extent of about Fourteen Miles in Public Road. Roads, the Repairs of which are very considerable and

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for burthensome to the Inhabitants, and the Whole of the more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Turnpike Roads,^within the said Parish, are now under Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Indictment in the Court of King's Bench, and no Money Oldham, to Avfterlands, in the Parish of Saddh worth, in has been, nor can be, obtained from the Commissioners

the County of York, and from Oldham to Ashton-under- of the Turnpikes, for upwards of a Year past, towards

Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of Royton, in the the Repairs thereof: And therefore praying. That they said County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents,

Blcckburne, of Lancashire, and Mr. Stanley, do prepare, against the Parts of the said Bill before alluded to, or

and bring in, the fame. by which their several Properties may be affected or in *

jured, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Mr. Blackbv.rne, of Lancashire, presented to the House, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to, the

according to Order, a Bill for better supplying the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Pala- themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said tine of Lancaster:And the same was received; and read Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

the First Time. ' Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, Petition, according to Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Corn-more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year mittee to whom the said Bill is committed, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Comm inn? on " from Loch Gilpto Loch Crinatt, in the Shire of Argyll:" to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

And the same was received j and read the First Time. upon the Bill to continue, for a further Time to ingLaw!)' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of. the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Mr. Buxton presented to the House, according to Second, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and British and Linens exported, and taking off the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the made of Flax, be now read.

Vol. 54. And

15 Mar tit. 1799.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Houi'c resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and, made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Piinc F.d- Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the wai j's ami Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

nclt'^An- enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve

nnity Bill, Thousand Pounds on'His Royal Highness Prince Ed-reported. ward, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Ernest Augustus, during His Majesty's Pleasure, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Prinrefs Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the

A-;^|An- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ported.' ,rC enable His Majesty to settle on her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia, Part of the Annuity of Thirty Thousand Pounds per Annum, which His Majesty was enabled to settle on their Royal Highnesses His Majesty's other Daughters out of the Hereditary Revenues, by virtue of an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Account of The House being informed, that Mr. Cawne (Clerk to pan^prefcat- t^ie Company of Mercers of the City of London) attended ed. ' at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-

fented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the iotli of 1797 to the

" 10th of October 1798, directed to be laid before each u House of Parliament, by Two Acts, one of the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the " Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of " London, and the other of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, " intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of 4‘ the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London,"

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

AMcflage from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys: The Lords Mr. Speaker, £ve asrced

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act saint Bride's for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of (London) the Parish of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, Fleet 001 Bl11' Street, in the City of London-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Upton inclo-for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, Bill>

Intermixed Pastures, Open Fields, Half Year Lands, s Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Norfolk, and such Parts of the Open Fields, called Upton Field and Fishley Crofts, as lie in the Parish of Fishley, in the said County, and for draining the fame; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Remenham for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Inclosure Bill Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Kemenham, in the County of Berks-, without any Amendment;

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Audra's Nat. for naturalizing jfufin Eliza Catfar Audra; without any Bl11, Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia- Duty ment, intituled, "An Act to revive, continue until the " Tenth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-nine, and amend, an Act, passed in the last " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting " to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries, in the " several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective " Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty " certain'additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in " Distillation, in Scotland; and for altering and c amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the " Regulation of Distilleries in Scotlan," be nowr read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, overi^^Af-to consider further of the Bill to authorize the Appoint- fiitant Bill, ment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Main-waring took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr.

39 Geo. III.

i.5° Martii.

1 9

Keport from Committee of Seciecy.

Mr. Secretary Dundas reported from the Committee these Societies, in this Country, in Ireland, and on the of Secrecy, That the Committee had examined the Mat- Continent, are similar; their Views and Principles are

ters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Tabie: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

the fame, as well as the Means which they employ to extend their Influence. A continued Intercourse and Concert has been maintained from their fird Origin to the present Moment; sometimes between the Societies Ithemselves, sometimes between their leading Members; and a frequent Communication has been kept up with the Government of France, to which they appear to The Committee of Secrecy, to whom the several look as their Protestor and Ally, and which has repeat-Papers, which were presented (lealed up) to the edly furnished an Asylum to those, who, on Account of House, by Mr. Secretary Dundas, upon the their principal Share in these criminal Transactions, have

become Fugitives or Outlaws from the Dominions.

23d Day of January 1799, by His Majesty's Command, were referred; and who were directed to examine the Matters thereof, and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House;

In dating the Grounds of this Opinion, although

Your Committee will have much and important new

Matter to lay before the House; yet they will also be

obliged to recall to the Recollection of the House,

many Particulars which have already been brought under

rr., . r r 1 the Consideration of Parliament, but on which new

1 hey have been prevented from looner laying T u u u a . ., . , «, , c

1 lj r a d r u ra c; ~ Lights have been thrown by the Events which have since

HnnlP trip ripnilr nr thpir KYdminatinn. nnf- ° r . r J T.

occurred, and by the subsequent Intelligence which has been received. The Information which has been produced to Your Committee, on the Whole of this Subject, has been most ample and extensive. The indispensable Necessity of Secrecy, with respect to the Sources In the whole Course of their Enquiry, Your Com- of many Parts of that Intelligence, mud be felt by the mittee have found the cleared Proofs of a fydematic House, as resulting from Confederations of good Faith Design, long since adopted and acted upon by France, as well as public Safety. They are convinced, that the in Conjunction with Domedic Traitors, and purlued up early and uniform Defeat of all Attempts to didurb the to the present Moment with unabated Perseverance, to public Tranquillity of this Kingdom, is, in a very great overturn the Laws, Conditution, and Government, and Degree, to be ascribed to the meritorious and laudable every exiding Edablishment, Civil or Ecclesiastical, both Diligence of the Persons filling those Departments of in Great Britain and Ireland; as well as to dissolve the His Majesty's Government to which this Duty has Connection between the Two Kingdoms, so necessary to peculiarly belonged. They appear, during a long Period the Security and Prosperity of both.

HAVE proceeded, in obedience to the Orders of the House, to the Consideration of the Matters referred to them.

before the House the Relult of their Examination, not only from the Extent of the Matters which came before them; but because some of the recent Circumdarices which they have to date, could not, with Propriety, have been disclosed at an earlier Period.

The chief Hope of accomplishing this Design, has reded on the Propagation of those deltrudive Principles, which originally produced the French Resolution, with all the Miseries and Calamities since experienced in France, and now extended over a large Part of,

of Time, to have obtained early and accurate Information of the chief Designs and Measures of the Conspirators; and the driking Manner in which the most important Particulars of the secret Intelligence thus procured, have, in a great Variety of Indances, been completely confirmed by Events now notorious to the World, and by the Contession of Parties concerned, entitles, in the The most effectual Engine employed for this Purpose, Opinion of Your Committee, the Whole of the Inlor-has been the Inditution of Political Societies, of a 1 J r r~ 0 " r

Nature and Description before unknown in any Country, and inconfident with public Tranquillity, and with the Exidence of regular Government. The Effects of this fatal Caul'e, operating in its fulled Extent, have been unhappily felt and exemplified in the Didradions and Calamities of Ireland. The same Cause is known to have prepared the Way'for all the different Resolutions by which France has succeeded in subverting so many of the Governments of Europe, and reducing so many Independent States to Valfalage and Subjection.

mation derived from the same Sources, to the fulled Credit.

View

§ I.

of the Nature and System of the Society of United Irishmen, as fully established in Ireland.

Your Committee are induced, in the fird Indance, to date the Nature, Extent, and Influence, of the Society of United because this Society has

In this Country, similar Measures have been attempted; proved the most powerful Engine, in the Hands of Con-and although they have been hitherto defeated, by the spirators, against the Government of their Country, Precautions of the Legislature, by the Vigilance of His which has ever yet been devised; and because its Pro- Majesty's Government, and dill more by the general ceedings place, in the cleared View, the real Object of good Sense and Loyalty of the Nation, the Object is not all Societies of this Description, either in Great

abandoned. The utmod Diligence is dill employed in Britain-, the peculiar Means by which they ad; and endeavouring, not only to fudain and revive those So- the extreme Danger which such Societies mud produce, cieties whole seditious and treasonable Purposes long whenever they are fully established. It is this which since attracted the Notice of Parliament but to extend has given Exertion, Conlidency, Solidity, and Force, to their Correspondence to every Part of this Kingdom, to the Irish Rebellion; which has enabled the Conspirators Ireland, to France, and to those Places on the Continent, to form themselves, under the Eye and in Defiance of where French Emissaries are established; and to inditute Government, into One Body, compaded by One Bond new Societies, formed precilely on the same Plan, and of Union, under an Oath of Fidelity and Secrecy; en-directed by the same Object, as those whose Influence in gaging themselves, in the fird Indance, to Misprision of Ireland has produced such pernicious and formidable Treason, and, successively, to the Perpetration of the Effects; and of which, the Consequences might have most atrocious Crimes. This Society, thus united and proved fatal to that Kingdom, if they had not been combined, extended itself, by its Subdivisions, through averted, in a Season of the greated Difficulty, by the every Part of the Kingdom; and was enabled to involve, Wisdom, Firmnels, and Exertion of His Majesty's in One general Confederacy, a very numerous Descrip-Government, and the Parliament of Ireland. The Ex- tion of Individuals of almod every Class, connected with tent and Uniformity of this fydematic Conspiracy, are each other'by a Pledge of Secrecy, by Consciousncfs of equally driking. The Formation and Structure of all Guilt, and by the Sense of personal Danger, either from Vol. 54. 4 P the

Rrport from Coin. Secrecy continued.

j

330 i'j Mart. 799.

the violated Laws of their Country, or from the Rcfent-ment and Power of their Aflbciates. These Bonds of Union were strengthened by the Use of secret Signs, frequently changed, and applied to different Ranks in the Conspiracy; for the Purpose of preventing Discovery.

The System thus established, gradually acquired the Means of disturbing the Tranquillity of the Country in all its Parts; of impeding the Execution of Justice, by forcible Resistance to the Authority of the Laws; by the Protection of accused Persons; by the Rescue of Prisoners; the Seizure of Arms; and, at length, by the Assassination of Informers, of Witrtcfifes, of Magistrates, and of Jurymen; till, by the general Terror which was diddled, the loyal Inhabitants in different Counties were successively driven into the Towns, or compelled v'holly to quit the Kingdom. At the Head of this extensive Conspiracy was placed a Committee; terming itself ‘ An Executive Diredfory,' extending its Influence and Power, over the Disaffected, through every Part of the Kingdom, by Provincial and Baronial Committees;' through whom, and by the Million of itinerant Delegates over the Country, an universal Correspondence was established, between this Executive Directory and all the subordinate Powers and Members of this System. An Intercourse was maintained, in the Name of the Whole, with Individuals and Societies in this Country, as well as with the Governments of His Majesty's Enemies; and the Conspirators were thus enabled to conceal, or dilplay, their Numbers at will; and, conle-questly, to magnify their Power, or to hide their Weak-ness; to circulate, with Rapidity and Effect, the most atrocious Calumnies against His Majesty's Person and Government, and against all Descriptions and Bodies of Men, whom they thought it their Interest to vilify; to raise Contributions, extorted frequently even from those who had not become Members of their Union; to procure, dnperfe, and conceal Arms, Ammunition, and Artillery; tocolledt Military Information; and, finally, to raile an Army, formed of all, those among them capable of bearing Arms, and placed under the Command of Officers, in Military Divisions corresponding with those established for the general Purposes of the Conspiracy.

It is material to state, in Detail, the Formation of the different Branches of this System, in order to compare it with the Institutions of a similar Nature, which have been since formed in Great Britain, and which will be hereafter mentioned. Each of the inferior Societies consisted, according to their original Institution, of Thirty-six Members; which Number was afterwards reduced to Twelve. These Twelve chose a Secretary and Treasurer; and the Secretaries of Five of these Societies formed what was called A Lower Baronial Committee;' which had the immediate Direction and Superintendance of those Five Societies. From each Lower Baronial Committee, thus constituted, One Member was delegated to an ‘ Upper Baronial Committee ;' which, in like Manner, assumed and exercised the Superintendance and Direction of the Lower Baronial Committees in the respective Counties. The next Superior Committees were, in populous Towns, distinguished by the Name of District Committees,' and in Counties, by the Name of County Committees;' and were composed of Members delegated by the Upper Baronial Committees, each Upper Baronial Committee delegating one of its Members to the District or County Committee; and the District or County Committees had the Superrntendance and Dire ft ion of the Upper Baronial Committees. Having thus ‘ organized ' (as it is termed) the several Counties and populous Towns, a Committee, called A Subordinate Directory,' was

erected in each of the Four Provinces of Jler, Munster, and' Connaught, composed of Two Mem-

bers or Three, according to the Extent and Population of the Districts which they represented; who were delegated to a Provincial Committee, which held the immediate Direction and Superintendance of the several County and District Committees in each of the Four Provinces; and a General Executive Directory,' composed of Five Persons, was elected by the Provincial Directories; but the Election of this Directory was so managed, that none but the Secretaries of the Provincial Directories knew on whom the Election fell. It was made by Ballot, but not reported to the Electors; the Appointment was notified only to those on whom the Election devolved; and the Executive Directory, thus composed, assumed and exercised the supreme and un-controuled Command of the whole Body of the Union, which, by these secret Modes of Election, was kept utterly ignorant who were the Persons to whom this implicit Obedience was paid.

§ 2.

Infiitutimi of United Irishmenin 1791; and Rife of different Societies in Great Britain.

For the Purpose of obtaining a comprehensive View of the Attempts which have been repeatedly made, in the Course of the last Eight Years, for establishing a similar System in this Country, and of the Means by which they have been hitherto defeated, as well as in order to enable the House to judge fully of the Perfe-verance with which the System is purlued, and of the Nature and Tendency of the Measures which are carrying on at the present Moment, Your Committee deem it necessary, before they advert to more recent Transactions, to go back to that Period, when Societies of this Tendency first appeared in both Kingdoms, and to trace, as shortly as they can, their Progress and Intercourse to the present Time.

The Society of United , was established in

the Year 1791; and other Societies in Great Britain, particularly The Constitutional Society (which had long existed, but about this Time assumed a new Character) The Corresponding Society (which was instituted in the Spring of 1792) and the Societies of Persons in Scotland terming themselves ‘the Friends of the People,' (which originated at nearly the farhe Period) appear to have adopted, in their fullest Extent, all the extravagant and violent Principles of the French Resolution. The Events which followed, in the Course of that Year and the Year 1792, encouraged among the leading Members of these Societies, and other Persons of similar Principles, a sanguine Hope of introducing, into both Countries (under Pretence of the Reform of Abuses) what they termed, a new Order of Things,' founded on the Principles of that Resolution. The Degree of Bigotry and Enthusiasm with which they attached themselves to these Principles, was manifested, as well by the Speeches and Writings of the Members of the Societies, as by the Zeal with which they laboured to propagate, among the Lower Clafies of the Community, a Spirit of Hatred and Contempt, for the existing Laws and Government of the Country.

It can hardly be necessary to recall to the Rccolleftion of the House, the Industry with which they endeavoured to disseminate these Sentiments, by the Circulation of their own Proceedings and Resolutions; uniformly directed to vilify the Forms and Principles of the British Constitution; to represent the People of this Country as groaning under intolerable Oppression; to eradicate

.Report of Secret Committee of House of Lords of August 17, 1793.

air

39 Geo. III. 150 Martii. 331

all religious Principle; and to recommend a Recurrence to Experiments of desperate Innovation, similar to those which were at that Time adopted in France. For the same Purposefthe Works cf Paine, and other seditious and impious Publications, were distributed, throughout almost every Part of the Kingdom, with an Activity and Prefufun beyond all former Example.

So confident were the Societies of the Efficacy of these Measures, that they appear almost universaliy to have looked forward from the Beginning, to the entire Overthrow of every existing Establishment in these Kingdoms, and to the Creation of some democratical Form of Government; either by uniting the Whole of the British Empire into One Republic, or by dividing it into Two or more Republics. The Conspirators in Ireland, unquestionably, always meditated the complete Separation of that C juntry from Great Britain: All, however, considered themselves as engaged in one common Cause, as far as related to the Destruction of the existing Constitution; all looked to the Success of the Disaffected in each Country as forwarding their common Views; and each was ready to support the other in any Resistance to the lawful Government; a frequent Intercourse among them was therefore considered as important to their Ends; and they all invited, or expected, the-Countenance and Aid of France.

The Attempts made in the Beginning of this Conspiracy, to dil'guise the real Objects under false Pretences, which ought at no Time to have imposed even onfuper-ficial Observers, have long since been abandoned. Sub-lequent Transactions have not merely shewn the Extremes to which the Nature and Principles of these Societies naturally led, but have completely unveiled the original and settled Designs of the Persons chiefly concerned in them. Your Committee beg Leave, in this Place, to refer the House to His Majesty's Proclamation of the Year 1792, and the several Addresses of both Houses of Parliament thereupon; to the Reports of the Committees of Parliament in this Kingdom and in Ireland; and to the different Trials for Treason and Sedition in both Kingdoms. And they are confident, that an attentive Examination of those Documents can leave no Doubt in the Opinion of the House (even on the Circumstances known at that early Period) respecting the real Nature and Extent of the original Conspiracy.

§ 3-

F'trfi open Attempt Scotland.

voured to prevail upon its Members, at one of their Meetings, to receive, and answer, a Paper, intituled, " An Address from the Society of United Irishmen in " Dublin, to the Delegates for promoting a Reform in " Scotland-," dated the 23d of November 1792; and let forth in the Appendix, in which the United Irish address the Scotch Delegated, in what they term " the Spirit of " Civic Union, in the Fellowship of a just and common " Cause; and rejoiced, " that the Scotch did not consider themselves as merged and melted down into " another Countrybut that in the great National Question to which the Address alluded, " they were still Scotland." They added, " that the Cause of the United Irish, was also the Cause of the Scotch Delegates;" that " Universal Emancipation, with Representative Legislature, was the Polar 'Principle which guided the " ooc'ety of United Irishmen ;" that their End was " a " National Legislature, their Means, an Union of the " w'hole People." And they recommended assembling the People in each Country in, what they term, " peace- able and constitutional Convention;" the Object of which they attempted to disguise by the Pretence of Reform and Petition to Parliaments Several Members of the Scotch Convention appear to have been alarmed at the Language of this Address, and notwithstanding the Efforts of Muir, no Answer was sent; and the Meeting adjourned to April 1793. The Conduct of Muir, in this Assembly, formed Part of the Charge of Sedition, upon which he was afterwards tried and found guilty. His Zeal, however, recommended him to the Conspirators in Ireland; and on the 11th of January 1793, he became a Member of the Society of United Irishmen of Dublin.

Report from Com. Secrecy

CChtlTlUtd,

Address from United Irish.

(N° 1.)

He was absent in France at the Time of the Second Meeting of the Scotch Convention, which assembled in April 1793, and again adjourned itself to the 29th of October following; when it met a Third Time at Edinburgh, after the Trial of Muir, who was convicted and Trial of Muir, sentenced for Transportation in Augu 1793. It is well August 1793. known, that he afterwards escaped from the Place of his Transportation, and has recently resided in France, pursuing a Conduct marked by the most inveterate Hostility to his Country.

j- This Meeting of the Scotch Convention in Delegates

1793, appears to have been held in concert with several Societies in England, and particularly the Constitutional tober 1793. Society and the London Corresponding Society, already mentioned. These Societies afterwards sent Delegates to the Scotch Convention; the Terms of whole Instructions demonstrate the dangerous Views of those who sent them.

Scotch Con- The Groundwork having been thus laid in each December' 61 Kingdom, the first Public Attempt, which wras openly 1792. directed to the Object of overthrowing the Government, and effecting a Resolution, was made in Scotland-, under Circumstances, which even then evidently marked the Connection between the Disaffected throughout His Majesty's Dominions, An Assembly, styling itself, " A General Convention of Delegates from the Socie " ties of the Friends of the People throughout Scotland J met at Edinburgh on the nth of December 1792. Tho-‘ mas Muir, a leading Member of this Assembly, endea-

Hamillon Rowan, a Member of the Society of United Attendance of Irishmen of Dublin (now a Fugitive from Ireland, and lnlh *

attainted of High Treason) and the Honourable Simon Butler (likewise a Member of the §ociety of United Irishmen) attended this Meeting; and Hamilton Rowan had previously been solicited, by Letter from Scotland, on the Subject of fending Delegates from Ireland to the Convention. It docs not appear, however, that these Persons bore the distinct Character of Delegates, but they were received with marked Attention; and the Convention resolved, on the 5th of November 1793,

Proclamation and Addresses - -- 179a.

Lords Report - -- -- 1794.

Commons Report -- ----- -- - May 1794.

D° - - - - D» - - - --- --- June 1794.

Xrith Lords Report - - - - ..... 79 -

Common D° ..... 798,

Trial of Muir, Skirling t Margarot, Gerald, Palmer, and others, for Sedition in Scotland 1793 and 1794. of Watt and Do wne for Treason in Scotland in 1794 *

0 of Hardy and others for Treason in 1794.

of Redhead al. York for Sedition in 1795# of Stone for Treason in 1796.

f Report of Secret Committee of Hoofe of Commons, June 1794.

Yot. 54 " thar

I '

r I '

15° Martii. A. 1799.

PrportTrom that any of the Members of the Society of United xtnwcL " Irishmenof Dublin should be admitted to speak and " vote in the Convention." On the 2 2d of November 1793, the Convention had changed its Title to that of " The British Convention of Delegates of the People,

" associated to obtain Universal Suffrage and Annual " Parliaments." They assumed, in almost every Parti cular, the Style and Mode of proceeding adopted by the National Convention of; they divided them-

lelves into ‘ Sections, Committees of Organization, In-struction, Finance, and Secrecy;' granted ‘ Honours of Sitting;' made honourable Mention' in their Minutesof Patriotic Donations; entered their.Minutes " in the First " Year of the British Convention ;" instituted " Primary " Societies, Provisional Assemblies and Departments;" received from their Sections a Variety of Motions and Reports, some of which, in their studied Affectation of French' Phrases, had the Words, " Five la "

prefixed to them, and ended with " ira ;" and some were dated " First Year of the British Convention One and Indivisible."

The Views of this dangerous Afferdbly, appear from the Minutes of their Proceedings, and from the Correspondence of Skirving their Secretary, Margarot and rald, the Delegates of the London Corresponding Society, and Hardy, the Secretary of that Society; which are stated in the Report of the Committee of this House in 1794, and in the Appendix to that Report, and were given in Evidence on the Trials above referred to.

t

It is observable, upon the Face of these Minutes, that the Funds of this Convention were extremely low; so low, that perhaps at first Sight the Assembly itself may appear to have been rather an Object of Contempt, from the apparent Inadequacy of its pecuniary Means, than an Object of Alarm from the dangerous Extravagance of its Resolutionary Designs. It is happy for the Peace of this Country, that the Means of these Societies, in their different Shapes and Stages, have not been more equal to fiuch Designs. But the recent Proceedings in Ireland too plainly shew, that though the Want of Money may retard the Progress and cripple the Exertions of such Conspiracies, yet Numbers thus leagued together for the total Subversion of the Government and Constitution of a Country, pofi'efs Means which (if not seasonably counteraded) may introduce Scenes of the most horrid Confusion, Rebellion, and Blood.

Scotch Con- This Convention continued to hold its Meetings in

Veril°Decem City of Edinburgh, until the 4th of December 1793;

Ccr '793. when its Objects evidently tending towards open Rebellion, some of the leading Members were arrested, together with Skirving their Secretary; and Skirving, Margarot, and Gerald, were afterwards tried in Scotland for Sedition, and sentenced to Transportation. The Members of this Convention, notwithstanding the Arrest of some of their Body, assembled again on the 5th of December, and refuled to dispersc till compelled by the Magistrates; but they continued for some Time to meet privately, 'in different Societies, and to carry on a Secret Correspondence with various Parts of England and Scotland.

Resolution of The Society of United Irishmen of Dublin, who had December^' a^ready shewn the Interest they took in the Meeting of 179J. this Convention, appear (as was to be expected) to have.

considered its Dispersion as hostile to their Views, and declared their Sentiments, by a Resolution of the 20th December, 1793; in which, after noticing what they called, " the oppressive Attempt in Edinburgh, to stifle M the Voice of the People through the British Conven-tion, and the truly patriotic Resistance to that " Attempt," they resolved, " That all, or any, of the " Members of the British Convention, and the patriotic Societies which delegated Members to that Conven-

7

" tion, fiioultl be received as Brothers and Members of " their Society."

§ 4.

Attempts to assemble a Convention of the People in *

The leading English Societies, which have been already stated to have lent Delegates to the Scotch Convention, had, during its Sittings, and for a considerable Time previous thereto, been actively employed in Measures directed to similar Objects. For the Purpose of . promoting their Seditious Projects, they had carried on a constant Correspondence with all the numerous Country Societies, which had been formed in many populous Towns in different Parts of the Kingdom. They had, Correspond-as early as in May 1792, presented an Address, suffi- HiiiVocicuf ciently expressive of their Principles, to those whom with France, they styled, " The Friends of the Constitution at 'Paris,

" known by the Name of Jacobins." In the End of the same Year, after receiving a Letter of Approbation from Persons calling themselves " Friends of Liberty and " Equality in France," they instituted a regular Committee of Foreign Correspondence; and they had even proceeded to present Adresses to the National Convention in France, which had then assumed the whole legislative and executive Power, and was assembled for the Purpose of framing a new Constitution, and proceeding to the Trial of the King. In one of these Addresses, particularly noticed in the Report of 1 794, but ' which Your Committee think it material again to advert to, they styled the Convention, " Servants of a " Sovereign People, and Benefactors of Mankind."

They rejoice that the Resolution had arrived at that Point of Perfection, which enabled them to address them by such a Title. They extol the Proceedings of the 10th of August as a glorious Victory; and add,

" The Benefits will in Part be ours, but the Glory will " be all your own; and it is the Reward of your Perseverance, the Prize of Virtue." In January following, at the Eve of the Murder of the French King, and of the Commencement of Hostilities against this Country, Barrere, Roland, and St. Andre, active Members of the French Convention, had been defied Honorary Members of the Constitutional Society: And Two Speeches made by Barrere and St. , delivered for the express Purpose of accelerating the Condemnation and Execution of the King, alierting the Doctrines of the Sovereignty of the People, and deducing, as its Consequence, the unlimited Rights of a National Convention, and the personal Responsibility of the Monarch, were entered on the Books of the Constitutional Society; and the Resolution for this Purpose was publillied in the Newspapers. Afluated by these Principles, the English Societies persevered in their Design; and notwithstanding the Dispersion of the Meeting at Edinburgh, which had assumed the Appellation of " The " British Convention," proceeded on a Plan, which they ‘ had long had in Contemplation, for assembling, in England, a similar but more extensive Meeting, under the Appellation of " A Convention of the People."

At a General Meeting of the Corresponding Society, Address from held at the Globe Tavern, on the 20th January 1794, a Resolution and Address to the People of England were „uary 1794. agreed to, and ordered to be published; expressly directed to the Object of assembling a General Convention of the People.

At another General Meeting of the same Society, held Meeting at at Chalk Farm, on the 14th of April 1794, among a Variety of inflammatory Resolutions, they declared, 1794. that the whole Proceedings of the late British Convention at Edinburgh, claimed their Approbation and Applause. They, at the same Time, returned Thanks to Archibald Hamilton Rowan, Prisoner in Newgate, in the

City

39 Geo. Ill, 15 0 Marti333

City of Dublin (who had, In March 1794, been chosen an Honorary Member of the Constitutional Society), as well as to the Society of United Irishmen in whom they exhorted to persevere in their Exertions to obtain Justice for the People of Ireland. The Language held on different Occasions evidently shewed their Intention of endeavouring to establish, by Force, the Authority of such a Convention. They exhorted each ether " To prepare courageously for the Struggle which " they meditated 4" and openly avowed that they meant to obtain the Redress, which they professed to seek,

" not from Parliament, not from the Executive Go-, " vernment, but from themselves, and from their own " Strength and Valour; from their own Laws, and not " from the Laws of those, whom they termed their Measures Plunderers, Enemies, a,nd Oppressors." For the fcxrdni'ing^ Purpose of assembling such a Convention, and of pre-jedition, paring the People at large to look to its Proceedings with Respect, and to adopt and countenance the Doctrine and Practices which it might recommend itinerant Members of the Societies above-mentioned, dif-perfect themselves throughout different Parts of the Country, proceeding from Town to Town, and from Village to Village, endeavouring to inculcate into the Minds of those with whom they converted, the Necessity of such a Measure, as that which they had in Contemplation, for the Reform of the Abuses of the Government, and the Redress of the Grievances of the People; and describing, in Language varied according to the Passions or Prejudices of different Classes whom they addressed, the Nature and Extent of the different political Purposes, which might be effected by a Convention, once assembled. The Dispersion of s Works, and other Works of a limilar Tendency, was at the same Time continued with increased Industry; and the Societies flattered themselves that they had, by these Means, really made a Progress towards preparing a large Portion of the Nation to favour their Project

Ctantry So- The Zeal, indeed, of many of the Country Societies «» »« . appears to have outrun the Inflructions of the Agents, and to have carried them into Discussions, beyond those Limits which the Persons who planned and iniligated the Measure, thought it prudent in the first Instance to prescribe. The Agents were instructed to coniine the Views of the several Societies to whom they were deputed, and to point the Wilhes of Individuals purely to the Attainment of Universal Suffrage, from which, ence established, it was represented that all the Reforms which could bedefired would naturally flow; and it appears to have been the Design of those who directed the Business, to prevent the premature Discussion of any of those Points, which they represented as fubor-dinate, until after the Convention should have been assembled, and this primary Object of Universal Suffrage obtained. No Caution or Prohibition, however, could prevent many of the Country Societies from shewing how confidently they anticipated, as the Re-fult to which the Deliberations of that Convention must necessarily lead, the Abolition of Monarchy, of Aristocracy, and of other Jistablishments, which they deemed equally oppressive; and the Substitution of a Representative Government, founded on the new Poc-trine of the Rights of Man; and uniting, in One Body, all the legislative and executive Powers of the State.

A This intended Convention was prevented from affem-

su^enficncf bling by the Arrest of the Secretaries, and of several Habeas Cor- Members of the Two Societies, called, The

May Correfpcnding Society,' and f The Constitutional ‘ Society.' The Secretaries and leading Members of the Societies at Sheffield and Norwich (which, together with several other subordinate Societies in different Parts of the Kingdom, were in conftarit Correspondence with them) were also taken into Custody. The Attention of Parliament was, at this Period, directed to these V P x.. 54?

Proceedings; and in consequence of the Evidence then Report fron laid before a Secret Committee of this House, the Power of detaining suspected Persons was intruded tp v , — . — f His Majesty,

The subsequent Proceedings are sufficiently known. Trials of Har-Some of the Persons so arrested were prosecuted for member ^794. High Treason. A Grand Jury for the County of Middlesex found a Bill against ‘Thomas the Secre-

tary or the London Corresponding Society, and Eleven others. Three of the Persons so indicted, viz. Thomas Hardy, John Horne Tooke, and John were

tried, and, on their Trials were acquitted of the Charge in the Indictment. But the Evidence given on those Trials established, in the clearest Manner, the Grounds on which the Committees of the Two Houses of Parliament had formed their Reports in 1794; and shewed, beyond a Possibility of Doubt, that the Views of these Persons and their Confederates, were, in their Nature, completely hostile to the existing Government and Constitution of this Kingdom, and went directly to the Subversion of every established and legitimate Authority.

After these Acquittals, Henry Redhead, alias Torke, TrijhofRed-who had been committed at the same Time on a Charge ^d f'G°ie ' of High Treason, was brought to Trial at York, in July and Davison, 1795, upon an Indictment for a Seditious Conspiracy; July ,7<5?‘ in which Joseph Gale, the Printer of a Newspaper at Sheffield, and Richard Davison, of Sheffield, both of whom had fled from Justice, were included. Upon the Trial of Torke on this Indictment, he was found guilty, and sentenced to Two Years Imprisonment,

§ 5'

Further Proceedings subsequent to the Arrejis in 1794,

Xhe Disclosures made upon these Trials; the Detentions already mentioned; and the Powers veiled in Government by the " Act to empower His Majesty to fe-:

" cure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspectare conspiring against His Person and Government," which received the Royal Assent on the 23d of May 1794; broke, for a Time, all the Measures which had been concerted by the Disaffected, and obliged them to proceed with more Caution and Reserve. But they never appear for a Moment to have relinquished their original Design j and the Nature and Constitution of the Corresponding Society, which still subsisted, peculiarly qualified it secretly to continue its Machinations, and to extend and diffuse its pernicious Principles among the lower Orders of the People. The Plan of this Constitution, as originally proposed, not having been Hated in the Reports before referred to, is inserted in the Appendix. It is evident that the Over- (N 2.) throw of every Part of the Government and Constitution of this Kingdom, was in the immediate Contemplation of those by whom this Plan was formed; and that it was contrived with the View of being applied to the most extensive Purposes, if they had succeeded in that Object, and of enabling the Conspirators, after the Overthrow of the existing Government, to usurp and e^ercife aq uncoqtrouled Authority over the whole Kingdom It does not appear that this Plan was ever formally adopted; but so much of it as led to the Establishment of a secret System of EHre&ion, refem-bling that of the United Irishmen, was agreed to, and reduced to Practice.

Not contented with employing these Means gra-r Meeting at dually to extend their Influence through different Parts Houi^o^o-of the Kingdom, the leading Members of these Societies, ber 1795. shortly before the Opening of the Session of Parliament in October 1795, called together an unlawful Meeting

in a Field near the Metropolis, evidently with a View of trying the Temper of the Populace. Under the

4 qJ'rcteqce

334

150 Mar tit. A. 1799.

Pretence of Debates,' Language of the most seditious and inflammatory Nature was held to a large Multitude, whom Curiosity, or other Motives, had assembled there, and the most daring Libels were uttered against every Part of the Condi tut ion of these Realms.

The public Tranquillity appears to Your Committee to have been greatly endangered by this Step; so exactly resembling that which Fifteen Years before had nearly led to the Dedruction of the Metropolis: and Your Committee are decidedly of Opinion, that the shameful and highly criminal Outrages which soon after took place on the Fird Day of the Session, axe, in a great Degree, to be ascribed to the Influence of these inflammatory Proceedings, and of this public and open Attack upon Violation of the Laws. It is not without Regret, that Fterfoa/fy Your Committee feel themselves obliged to recall to the Rccolledion of the House, the horrid and sacrilegious Attempt against His Majesty's Person, with which those Outrages were accompanied.

This alarming Proof of the dreadful and desperate Consequences which Meetings and Proceedings of such a Description naturally tend to produce, made a deep Impression on the Minds of the Public, and necessarily taw for the engaged the Attention of Parliament. On a full Con-tfon'ofTrea- fideratioft of all the Circumstances, the Legislature, son and Sedi- by lalutary Laws, drengthened the Authority of the Protection of Magistrate for the Repreflion of Sedition and Tumult; His Majesty's provided fresh Checks against Meetings of a dangerous P-son.Janu. Tendency, and of a Description unknown in the His- ry >79 tory ancj Conditution of this Country; increased the Penalties of obdinate and repeated Guilt; and added a fresh Safeguard to the sacred Person of His Majesty.

Report from Com. Sbcrecy conlmuid.

One of the immediate Effects of these Measures was, to put a Stop to a Practice, which had too long been differed in the Metropolis, to the Disgrace of all Order Seditious Lee- and Government — the open and regular Delivery of tures uppre - puj-,jjc Lectures, inculcating the Doctrines of Sedition and Treason; inciting the Hearers to follow the Example of France, ana animating them to the Commission of the most atrocious Crimes. This Practice has not since been revived in the same Shape j but many of the Debating Societies, which fubliff at the preferut Time, appear, to Your Committee, to be, in a great Measure, directed to the same pernicious Objects, and to require further Animadversion and Correction. Some Check was also given to the Licentiousness of the Press, which had, till then, been in a great Measure unredrained. That Licentiousness has furnished, in every Part of Europe, one of the most dangerous Ia-druments in the Hands of Conspirators, The Industry with which every Species of inflammatory and seditious Libels had been disseminated, applying to the various Passions and Prejudices of every Class of Society, but particularly of that which is the lead informed, and therefore the most open to Seduction, is an unanswerable Proof, both of the Extent and of the Zeal of the Conspiracy in this Country.

Measure After the passing of these Bills, the London Corre-

t^Aa !?1 ^ponding Societies sent their Delegates into the Country, gainst Treason to point out the Method of evading them, and for the and Sedition. purpose Gf feeling the Dispofltion of the People. Two to Birming-11 Persons, in this Character, John Binns and John Gale ham, March Jones, were sent, by the London Corresponding Society,

J79°' to Birmingham, where they were arreded. They were

found addressing a Meeting of Persons in that Town. Upon the Person of Jones were found Two Papers; one a Letter of Credence from the Society, signed by John Ashley, their Secretary, introducing Binns and Jones as their accredited Delegates; and the other, the Indruc-tion of the Society for the Conduct of these Delegates; both which Papers Your Committee have inserted in (N"3&4.) the Appendix They wish particularly to Notice, that after Directions given to the Delegates, to persuade the People whom they were to address, that the foie Object 9

of the Society was Parliamentary Reform, and that the Bills lad referred to, need not prevent their continuing to meet; the Seventh Article of the Indructions is in these Words, " The Design of the above Articles is to " remove Misapprehensions relative to the Safety of our " Association under the new Laws, This Part of your " Million being effected, you are to drain every Powrer " of your Mind to awaken the sleeping Spirit of Liberty; you are to call upon our Fellow Citizens to " be ready with us, to pursue our common Object, if " it mud be, to the Scaffold, or rather (if our Enemies c‘ are desperate enough to bar up every Avenue toEnquiry and Difcufiion) to the Field, at the Hazard " of Extermination; convinced that no Temper less " decided than this, will suffice to regain liberty from " a bold usurping Fadtion. But, to the End that we " may succeed by the irrefidible Voice of the People,

" you are to excite, in every Society, the Delire which " animates our Bosoms to embrace the Nation as Brethren, and the Resolution to bear every Repulse from " Passion and Prejudice which fails to deprive us of the

" sure Grounds of Argument." And in the 13th Article are the following Expressions:

" In a Word; you are always to reflect, that you " are wredling with the Enemies of the Human Race,

" not for yourselves merely, for you may not fee the " full Day of Liberty, but for the Child hanging at " the Bread; and that the Question, whether the next

Generation shall be free, or not, may greatly depend " on the Wisdom and Integrity of your Conduct in the generous Millions which you and your Fellow " Deputies now take upon yourselves."

Notwithstanding this Dispofltion to refid and evade the Effect of thele Bills, yet the seasonable and effectual Check thus, for a. Second Time, given to the Progress of Sedition and Treason, averted immediate Danger; and if it did not extinguish the Hopes of the Conspirators, at lead deterred them from the public Avowal and Pursuit of their Projects. But the Attempt to poison the Minds of the lower Orders of the People, and to prepare the Means which might be resorted to on any favourable Occasion, was pursued with unabating Perseverance.

During the Remainder of the Year 1796, the Sydem continued to operate silently and secretly; but, in the Beginning of the following Year, its contagious Influence was found to have extended to a Quarter, where it was the lead to be suspected, and produced Effects, which suddenly threatened the deareff Intereds and immediate Safety of the Country with the most imminent Danger.

The Mutiny which took place in the Fleet, if con- Naval Mud-fidered in all its Circumstances, will be traced to an intimate Connection with the Principles and Practices de-foribed by Your Committee, and furnishes the most alarming Proof of the Efficacy of those Plans of Secrecy and Concert, so often referred to, and of the Facility with which they are applied for inflaming and heightening Discontent, from whatever Caule it proceeds, and for converting what might otherwise produce only a haffy and incoqfiderate Breach of Subordination and Discipline, into the most settled and fydematic Treason and Rebellion. These Principles and this Concert could alone have produced the wide Extent of the Mutiny, and the Uniformity of its Operation, in so many and such didant Quarters. The Persons principally engaged in it, even in its early Stages, were many of them United Iripmen. The Mutineers were bound by secret Oaths to the Perpetration of the greated Crimes. An Attempt was made to give to the Ships in Mutiny, the Name of ‘ The Floating Republic,' and this Attempt was countenanced both by Papers published in France, and by a Paper here, called The which has, on many Occasions, appeared almod equally

devoted

39 Geo. III.

150 Ma

535

Various Attempts to seduce Sailors and Soldiers.

devoted to the French Cause. In some Instances, a Disposition was manifested to direct the Efforts of the Mutineers to the Object of compelling the Government of this Country to conclude a Peace with the Foreign Enemy, and they at length even meditated betraying the Ships of His Majesty into the Hands of that Enemy. All these Circumstances combine to impress Your Committee with a firm Persuasion, that whatever were the Pretences and Misrepresentations employed to seduce from their Duty a brave and loyal Body of Men j yet a Spirit, in itself so repugnant to the Habits and Dispositions of Brttif Sailors, must have had its Origin in those Principles of Foreign Growth, which the Societies of the Conspirators have industriously introduced into this Country, and which they have in-ceffantly laboured to disseminate among all Descriptions of Men; but especially among those whole Fidelity and Steadiness is most important to the public Safety. — A Unking Instance of the desperate Extent to which these Principles were carried,' appears in the Proceedings of a Court Martial held in the Month of June 1797; an Abstract of which. Your Committee (N 17.) have thought it right to insert in the Appendix. The Opinion stated by Your Committee, will be Hill more confirmed by the repeated and atrocious Attempts (bearing still more evidently the Character of those Principles in which they originated) which have been made, in a great Number of Instances, since the general Mutiny was suppressed; and of which it will be necessary for Your Committee hereafter to take Notice. At the Period now referred to, these systematic Attempts made to -seduce both the Sailors and Soldiers from their Duty and Allegiance, to incite them to Mutiny, and to engage them in Plans for the Subversion of Government, had become so apparent and frequent, as to attract the immediate Notice of the Legislature, Among these Attempts, that made by a Person of the Name of Fellows, convicted at in July 1797,

deserves particular Attention. The seditious Hand Bill, which he was proved to have distributed among the (N 5.) Soldiers, is inserted in the Appendix; and it appears (N# 6.) from a Tetter (also there inserted), written by him to

Evans and Bone, Two of the moll active Members of the London Corresponding Society, and who have fuc-celfively filled the Office of Secretary to that Society, shortly before his Arrest, that he had gone to stone for the Purpose of circulating seditious Papers, as , well as of making Reports of the Society at

w

In consequence of the Prevalence of these dangerous Practices, Two Acts of Parliament were passed in the Year 1797; one infliding severe Penalties on any Person guilty of inciting any of His Majesty's Forces' by Sea or Land to Mutiny 5 the other for more effectually preventing the administering or taking of un«

' lawful Oaths. The Propriety and I'Jecelfity of both these Acts, was farther evinced shortly after. A Person of the Name of Fuller, was detected Two Days after the passing the First Ad, in attempting to fedqce a Soldier belonging to the . Regiment of

Guards, was found guilty at the following Sessions of the Old Bailey, and sentenced to Death; and one Charles Radcliffe, prosecuted under the Second Ad,

at the last Court of Session held for the County Palatine of Chester, was found guilty of administering the Oath or Test of the Society of United The

Paper found upon Fuller, and which formed the chief (N 7,) Ground of his Conviction, is inserted in the Appendix, and deserves particular Attention.

Your Committee have thus traced the chief Transactions which took place in this Country, connected with

Report from Com. Secrecy continued.

Acts against Sedudhon of Troopt, and against unlawful Oaths,

the general Design of the Conspiracy, nearly to the Period when its Effects were manifested in their most dreadful and formidable Shape in , by the atro-

cious and unexampled Rebellion which broke out in the beginning of the last Summer. About this Time, either with a View to that very Rebellion, or in consequence of it, the Societies in this Country entered into still closer Connection with the Society of United Irishmen, and assumed a Shape, more similar than before, to that extraordinary Combination, the Nature and Effects of which have been already fully described. It will therefore be necessary for Your Committee, in this Place, shortly to review the Progress of this Society, and of the Steps by which it gradually prepared the Way for all the recent Miseries and Calamities which have been experienced in Ireland,

§ 6,

Progress of the Society of United Irishmen in Ireland, till the Period of the Rebellion; its Intercourse with France, and with leading Members of Societies in this Country.

The Tranladions of the Conspirators in that Country are lo fully detailed in the different Reports of the Two Houses of the Irish Parliament, that Your Committee do not think it necessary to state them at length; and will only call the Attention of the House to such Parts of them as prove, from the subsequent Conduct of the Conspirators, the palfehood of the early Pretences by which they attempted to disguise their real Views, as well as the Intercourse kept up by them with the French Directory, chiefly through England, and the Communication between leading Members of the So- ciety of United Irishmen, and those of similar Societies in Great Britain,

As early as in the Year 1793, Hopes and Expectations were held out of French Assistance} Prayers were publicly offered up, at Belfaflfrom the Pulpit, for the Success of the French Arms j Military Afib-ciations were entered into without any legal Authority; and repeated Attempts were made to seduce the Soldiery from their Duty.

In February 1794, Jackson, an Irish Clergyman, passed TreafomMe from France, through England, into Ireland, for the Pur- TOcTofjack-pose of carrying on a treasonable Correspondence with son with a. View to an Invasion of both Kingdoms. He was France> particularly recommended to some of the leading l79 Members of the English Societies; and he transmitted to the French Government, both from London and fron\

Dublin, Papers on the Subject of his Million, which had been previously communicated to other Persons in each Kingdom,

Jn April 1794 he had many confidential Conversa-. tions at Dublin, on this Subject, with Hamilton Rowan, a Leader of the United Irishmen, before-mentioned; who was then in Prison, and since his Escape has been attainted for High Treason; with Wolfe Tone, also a leading Member of the same Society, who was lately taken on Board the French Ship The Hoche, in the actual Attempt to invade Ireland; and with Lew ins, now the resident Rnvoy from the United Irish at fan's.

Although thp Trials of Jackson and Stone, and the Arrest and Flight of Hamilton Rowan and Tone, checked these Projects for a Time, the Society of United Irishmen pursued their-Measures with unabating Activity,.

The Government of Ireland acquired Information re-

37 Get. III. c. 70. 37 Get. IIL c. 12.3. f Vide Jafk/on and Sttife's Trial; and Report of ^opjmons in Ireland.

Vo 4. 54, spe&u^;

336

150 Martii. A. r 799 *

Report from fpcdting the Conduct of particular Persons, whom they <~°can'fnu(j''y had even at that Time sufficient Ground to consideras V, — W_, J chiefly engaged in this treasonable Conspiracy; parti-

cularly Litvins ,above referred to; Henry and John Sheaves, since convicted of High Treason, and executed; Oliver Bond, and IVolfe Tone, convicted of the same Crime, and both since dead, the latter by his own Hands, to escape the Punishment due to his Crimes; Lord Edward Fitzgerald, who died in Prison in consequence of the Wounds he received in refilling the Officers of Justice, and has been since attainted of High Treason; and Arthur O'Conner, McNevin, and , whose in-

dividual Guilt, as well as that of the whole Conspiracy, is sufficiently proved by their own Confessions.

Otfer, through Tone, in 1796, to fend a French Army to Ireland,

Million of Lewi ns to F ranee in

795 *

It is Hated, in the Confessions of the Three Persons lait named, that the first Communication which came to their Knowledge between the and the French Directories, was an Offer made by the latter, in the Year 1796, to fend a French Army to Ireland to the Assistance of the Republicans: But the Committee of the House of Lords in Ireland have Hated it as their Opinion, that Lewius had been dil'patched to in the Summer of 1795, to request this AffiHance; and Your Committee are convinced, from secret Intelligence which has been laid before them, that this Opinion was well founded.

Expedition of

General Hoche, concerted with Lord Kdward Fitzgerald and Arthur O'Connor, 1796.

Millions of Lewi ns and McNevin, 797 *

Connexion with new So-cities in England.

The Invasion of Ireland, which was attempted in December 1796, was arranged at an Interview which took place on the Frontier of France between Lord Edward Fitzgerald, Arthur O'and General Hoche, in the Summer of that Year. After the Failure of this Attempt, the Solicitations of the Irish Directory were renewed; a Proposal, which arrived from France early in 1797, was accepted, and an Answer transmitted, through England, by the Means of Arthur nor; Lewins was dispatched to Paris in April, and

McNevin in June. Both were employed in urging the Invasion of Ireland; and in counteracting the Nego-ciation for Peace with the French Republic; which His Majesty's MiniHer was then carrying on at Lijle. A Conference was held in the same Summer, in London, between Lord Edward Fitzgerald and a French Agent who came from Hamburgh, in which further Arrangements were made for the intended Invasion.

The ArreH of several Persons in Ireland, and the Flight of others; and the memorable Defeat, by Lord Duncan, of the Fleet intended to protect the Expedition fitted out from Holland, again disconcerted the Projects of the Conspirators. After this Event, the French Government appears to have repeatedly urged the Leaders of the Irijli Union to immediate Insurrection; but the more cautious amongH them were unwilling to act, until the French should actually have landed; and their Opinion for a Time prevailed.

The Correspondence was in the mean Time continued: The Projects of Rebellion and Invasion were ripening; and at this Period the Hopes of the Irish Conspirators derived fresh Encouragement from Reports of the Progress of new Societies in Great Britain, formed on the same Plan with themselves. A regular Communication was kept up between the Irish and English Committees, through Arthur O'Connor, who

had come from Ireland to England early in January 1798; and in the Reports transmitted by the English Societies to Ireland, the Force of the United Englishmen (a Society which had been recently formed on the Model of the United Irish, and of which a more particular Account will be given hereafter) was represented to be considerable, though Your Committee have Reason to believe that there was much Exaggeration in these Reports. Arthur O'Connor , in a Letter to his Bro-

ther, dated London, 13th February 1798, and seized'in Lord Edward Fitzgerald's Apartments at Hates, " that Scotland is Irish all over; that the People " here give no Opinion, though it is easy to learn " they look for a Change."

At a Provincial Meeting in Ireland, held on the iH of February 1798, it was Slated to the Meeting, by a Person juH arrived from Dublin, that " the French were " going on with the Expedition, and that it was in a " greater State of Forwardness than was expected; " but what was more flattering. Three Delegates had " been sent from the United Britons to the Irish National Committee, and from that Moment the Irish " were to consider England, Scotland, and Ireland, all " as One People, acting for one common Cause." An Address was at the same Time produced, which it was Hated the Delegates of Britain had brought with them to the Irish National Committee. It was also Hated, that the PricH O'Coigly was one of the Delegates mentioned to have been then lately returned from France; and it was added, that he, and another PrieH who had fled from Ireland, were the principal Persons who had opened the Communication with the United Britons.

At another Provincial Meeting, held on the 27th February 1798, it appears to have been Hated, " that a " Delegate had arrived from France; that the French u were using every Endeavour to have the Expedition " for Ireland completed; and that the Delegate came Home to cause the United Irish to put themselves into a State of Organization to join them, as " the Directory positively assured the Irish Delegates, " that the Expedition would set out for Ireland the " End of April, or the Beginning of May." It was also Hated, that there had been a Meeting of all the Delegates in England and Scotland held in London; but that their Resolutions could not be obtained till the next Provincial Meeting, to be held on the 25th of March.

The Address, which the Delegates of United Britons were so Hated, at the Provincial Meeting of the iH of February 1798, to have brought with them to the Irish National Committee, Your Committee have inserted in the Appendix. About the same Time a moH seditious Paper, sent from the London Corresponding Society to the Society of United , signed J. T.

Crojsfield, President; Tho' Evans, Secretary; dated 30th January 1798 (also inserted in the Appendix) was published in Ireland, in a Paper, called " The and the Original seized in March 1798, in consequence of the Apprehension of Arthur O'Connor in England.

The PrieH O'Coigly, referred to in these Tranlac-tions, and who has since been conviifled and executed at Maidstone, was a Native of Ireland, and went from that Country to Cuxhaven in 1797 with another Irish-man, who was obliged to fly from Ireland, and passed into Holland, at the Time when the Dutch Fleet, under Admiral de Winter was about to fail, with a large Body of Troops, on an Expedition destined against.

When that Fleet had failed without the Troops, O'Coigly and his Companion went to Paris, where finding themselves thwarted by the Jealously of the Resident Envoy from the Irish Union, O'Coigly returned to England about the Middle of December 1797, and went to Ireland in January 1798.

Whilst in Ireland, he appears to have had Interviews and Correspondence with Lord Edward and

others of the Irish Conspirators; and he returned to England about the Middle of February 1798.

Intelligence was conveyed to Government of this Man's Designs, and particularly of his Intention to

« — 1 " ' 1 1 — ..... " ~

9 Yide Trial of O'Center,

Address from United Britons and Corresponding Society to United Iriflu

(N° 8.)

(N‘ 9.)

Miflrtonf of O'Coigly ii} 1797 and I79§.

1

(N IO.)

london Cor-

responding

Society.

Secret Meeting of Conspirators.

39 Geo. III.

150 Martii.

337

pals into France, for the Purposes, which afterwards appeared to be the Object of his Million; he was therefore narrowly watched; and on the 28 th of February 1798, he was, together with Arthur O'Connor, John Binns, Allen and Leary, tiken into Custody at Mar-ate, in the Attempt to obtain a Pillage to France. Tie particular Circumstances attending these Attempts, are detailed in the Evidence on his Trial. One of the Papers, seized by the Officers who apprehended him, was an Address from " the Secret " Committee of England to the Executive Directory " of France," set forth in the Appendix; clearly demonstrating the traitorous Views of those who formed tlit Address, and were instrumental in the Attempt to transmit it to France.

It appears also to Your Committee, both from previous and subsequent Information, that Arthur O'Conner, who had been, to the Moment of leaving Ireland, one of the Members of the Irish Directory, was not only going to France in the Confidence that, when there, he should be considered and received as an accredited Agent, but was confidentially employed by the remaining Members of that Directory, who were at that Time dissatisfied with the Conduit of

§ 7-

Further Intercourse between the United Jrijhmen, the French Government, and the British Societies; Formation of new Societies, and their Proceedings.

At the Meetings of the London Corresponding Society, for above Two Years before this Time, it had been avowed, that the Object of the Society was to form a Republic, by the Assistance of France. Reform in Parliament, or even Annual Elections, or Universal Suffrage, were therefore no longer mentioned. Your Committee have abundant Reason to believe, from the Information laid before them, that a Person of the Name of Ashley(one of the Persons arrested in 1794)

and who had, for a long Time, been Secretary to this Society, was now ailing as their Agent at Paris, ^nd had recently given them hopes of the Succour of a French Army. Meetings were held, to contrive the Means of procuring Arms, to enable them to cooperate with a French Force, in case of an fnvafion. The leading Members of the disaffected Societies were also in the Habit of frequenting an Occasional Meeting, which was held at a Cellar in FurnivaPs , and was first formed for the Purpose of reading the libellous and treasonable Publication, called " The Press." This Place gradually became the Resort of all those who were engaged the most deeply in the Conspiracy. It was particularly attended by Arthur O'Connor and

O' Coigly, previous to their Attempt to go over to France; and' by the Persons chiefly instrumental in . carrying oil Correspondence with the Irish Conspirators; and Secret Consultations were repeatedly held there, with a View to Projects, which were thought too dangerous and desperate to be brought forward in any of the larger Societies. Among these Plans, was that of effecting a general Insurrection, at the same Moment, in the Metropolis and throughout the Country, and of directing it to the Object of seizing or affaffmating the King, the Royal Family, and many of the Members of both Houses of Parliament. Ah Officer, of some Experience in His Majesty's Service, was selected as their Military Leader; and fangiiine hopes were entertained, that they could command a fuflkient Force to effect their desperate Purpose, in the first Instance, by Surprize. But although the Apprehension that they could not as yet collect sufficient Numbers to maintain and secure their Advantage, appears, for the Time, to have deterred them from the Attempt; yet the general Language held Vot. 54.

United Eng- liftmen.

among these Persons, at this Period, proved, that they Report from had brought themselves to the Opinion that Matters were nearly ripe for Measures of open Violence.

Attempts were at the same Time made to form in London, upon the Plan of the United the

Society of United Englishmen, or United Britons-, before referred to: And O'Coigly and John Binns, appear to have been leading Persons in that Design. It was proposed to divide this Society into Four Districts, including a large Part of the Coasts of this Kingdom the most exposed to Invasion: And it was also in Contem- plation to combine the Operations of this Society with those of a Society of United Irishme; of which Your Committee will find it necessary separately to take Notice.

Most of the Societies through England, which had used to correspond with the London Corresponding Society, had also about this Time adopted the same Plan of forming Societies of United Englishmen; and finding their Communications by Writing to be hazardous, they avoided, as far as possible, the keeping any Papers; used Cyphers, or mysterious Words, in the few Writings that passed between them, and principally carried on their Intercourse by Agents, who went from Place to Place, and were recognized by Signs, which were frequently changed. Many ignorant or incon-fiderate Persons, throughout the Country, were gradually involved in these Criminal Tran factions: And the Influence of the destrudive Principles from which they proceeded, was still further extended by the Establishment of Clubs, among the lowed Classes of the Community, which were open to all Persons paying One Penny, and in which Songs were sung, Toads given, and Language held, of the most seditious Nature.

Information having been received of a Meeting of Atreft in United Englishmen, to be held at a House in Apnl ,79® *

Warrants of Arrest were issued, and Persons were apprehended on the 18 th of April 1798. There was found upon the Secretary of the London Corresponding Society (who appears to have officiated as President at that Meeting) the Oath proposed for the United Englishmen, set forth in the Appendix; another Oath, of the same (N 11.) Nature, was found under the Table; and also a printed Constitution of the Society of United Englishmen, set (N" 12 8c

forth in the Appendix.

Information having also been received of an extraordinary Meeting of the Delegates and Secretary of the London Corresponding Society, intended to be assembled at a large Room in fVych Street, oh the 19th of April 1798, the Persons there assembled were likewise arrested; and from the Discoveries made in consequence of these Arrests, the Connexion between the London Corresponding Society and the London Society of United Englishmen was clearly established.

It appeared, that about Forty Divisions of United Englishmen had been formed in; about Twenty

of which had their regular Places and Days of Meeting; and that many similar Societies were forming in different Parts of the Country. With respect to these latter, it was intended that the different Counties in Great Britain should, respectively, be divided into Districts; in each of which a central Society was to be established in the principal Town, and was to carry on a constant Correspondence, both with the smaller Societies in that District and with the general Society in London. And this System was so construded, as to aamit of still further Subdivision, if the Increase of Numbers had been such as the Leaders hoped.

It appears to Your Commirtee, that the chief Progress made in the Formation of Societies of United -men, was in London and the Parts adjacent; and in Lancashire, and some Parts of the West of England ind of Wales, more immediately communicating with Ireland,

4 & and

3-)

33§

150 Marl'd. 1799.

I'rport from and in which thdre was many United Irish men, either as L»m. secrecy Residents or as Fugitives from their Country.

continued. D

At Manchester, and in the adjacent Country in parti-^andieUer, cular, the Plan of these Conspiracies was extending Liverpool,&c. itself in the most alarming Manner; and they Were much promoted by the Activity of the United of whom there are very large Numbers resident in that Neighbourhood. Great Numbers cf printed Copies of the ‘ Conditution of United Englishmen' have been discovered in Blanchester and the Neighbourhood; and it is evident that the Society was making great Frogress, when it was checked by the Arred of several of its Leaders in 1798;

A Society of United nen had been established

in and about Manchester before the Year 1797. . In the Beginning of that Year, it confided 6f about Fifty Divisions, and in the Year 1798 had extended to about Eighty. Each of these Divisions confided of not less than Fifteen Members, and was again subdivided when the Number of its Members exceeded Thirty-six. This Society has been particularly active in the most wicked Attempts to seduce the Soldiers in different Regiments; for which Purpose they adopted a Sydem of more particular Secrecy, and it has therefore been difficult to discover the Extent of these Crimes; but the general good Conduit of His Majesty's Forces, of every De-icription in this Kingdom, affords the most satisfactory Proof that these diabolical Practices have not been fuc-cefsful in any considerable Degree. The Ted used for.

(N-14) the Soldiers is set forth in the Appendix. In other Respects the Society has followed the United Irish and the United English formed in in their Conditu-

tion, their Ted, and their Signs of Secrecy; and its Operations have been conducted with the same Mydery, and under the same Direction; the Whole being governed by the Persons who form the Committee of United Englishmen, dyled " The National Committee of " England," who are, apparently, unknown to the rest of the Members of the Society, though their Dictates are implicitly obeyed. They were the more induced to acquiesce in this Sydem, and to obey implicitly the Directions of their Leaders, from the Persuasion with which they appear to have been universally impressed, that Persons of higher Situations in Life afforded them Countenance and pecuniary Aid; though from Circumstances of Caution, those Persons had not become actually Members of the Society; or if they were Members, concealed the Fact with considerable Care, and did not attend the Meetings. In some Degree this Persuasion may have been well founded; but Your Committee are induced to think, that some Art was used to drengthen this Impression, for the Purpose of giving greater Encouragement to the Members in their hopes of final Success.

The Societies in the Country connected with Manchester have been formed into Twelve Districts, each of which sent a Delegate to the Committee, called. The County Committee; which appears to have corre-fponded, not only with the National Committee of England, but also with the National Committee of

Ireland.

intercourse The Intercourse between the United Englishmen in

JLriOi Uft»ted these Parts and the United Irish, appears indeed to have 1 ' been continual; many of the United Irish frequently

passing and re-passing between Cheshire or , and

Ireland, and frequently visiting the English Societies. Among the Persons who have been thus travelling from one- Country to the other. Your Committee have remarked O'Coig/y, who repeatedly visited Manchester, Stockport, and other Places in the Neighbourhood; and particularly in the Year 1797, when he was received with marked Attention. lie came there again in 1798, on his Return from Ireland after his Journey into France before-mentioned, lie then wore a Military

Dress, and passed by the Name of Captain Jcnes, the same Appellation by which he was introduced, by Arthur O'Connor, to Mr. H. Bell, of Charter Square, from whose House O'Connor took his Departure, previous to his Arred at Deal. The Accounts which have been obtained of his Conversation and Conduct at Manchester, leave no Room to doubt the Objects of his different Journies between Great Britain, Ireland, and France, and particularly of his intended Journey to France, which was prevented by his Arred, and there appears also little Reason to doubt, that.many, both of the United Englishmen and United at

and in its Neighbourhood, were aware, of the general Purport at lead, of his Million, and anxiously expected that Affidance from France, of which they received, from him, very drong Assurances.

The Society at Manchester seems to have been the central Society of an extensive District; and to have been managed by a very zealous and active Committee.

It frequently sent Delegates to Places in the Neighbourhood, and to various Parts of

Nottinghamshire, and Cheshire. Their Correspondence appears to have extended to the most distant Parts of England, as well as to Edinburgh and Glajgozv.

Liverpool also became the Seat cf another central Society, presiding over ajurremnding District, and corresponding with other Parts of England, and with Scotland and Ireland; and different Emissaries, some of whom were Foreigners, about this Time were sent through various Parts of the Kingdom, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Numbers and Dispositions of the Societies of United English and United Irish.

Whild the Societies in England were thus endeavour- Society of ing to form a Society of United Englishmen, or of United Scotf‘ Britons, on the Model of the Irish Society, Attempts were made in Scotland to form adidindt Society of United Scotsmen' on the same Plan. And Your Committee cannot forbear to remark the Industry with which it has been attempted in this Indance, as well as in others, to separate Scotland as well as Ireland from England, and to found, on the Ruins of the established Government,

Three didindt Republics of England, Scotland, and Ireland.

The Attempts to form a Society of United Scotsmen had made little Progress till the Spring of 1797; but from the Month of April 1797 until November following (when a Discovery was made in the County of on which George Mealm'aker was brought to Trial, and convicted of Sedition) these Attempts appeal- to have been attended with more Success, and particularly in the Neighbourhood of Glasgow, and in the Counties of Ayr, Renfrew,

Lancrk, Dumbarton, Fife, and Perth. and the County of Ayr, were the Places in which this Spirit fird manifeded itself, and from which Emissaries were sent, into different Parts of the Country, for the Purpose of increasing the Numbers of the Society, and diffeminating what they termed, ‘ Political Knowledge.'

The Societies thus formed in Scotland, appear to have been reduced to a Sydem almod as regular and complete as that which was established in Ireland; the Outlines of the Plan were the fame, and the dudied Secrecy of the Proceedings, and the' Gradations of internal Arrangement, formed its great idic.

By a general Rule of their Association, no Society was to confid of more than Sixteen Members, and when any Society had obtained a Number of Members exceeding Sixteen, it was to divide itself into Two Societies. In some small Towns there were Three or more such Societies, all of wffiich were sometimes assembled, by their individual Members, or by a Committee from each Society j and such Assemb'ies were termed Parochial Meetings.' Each of these Parochial Meetings had a Secretary, who was also Trcal'urer; and One or

Two

39 Geo. III.

x 5° Ma

19

Two Delegates were chosen to represent the Parochial at the County Meeting, which was composed of Delegates from all the Parochial Meetings within the County or District, and was held every Six Weeks. The Delegates were elected by Ballot; but the Ballot was so conducted, that no Person knew on whom the Choice fell, except the Secretary and the Person cholen. This Election was sometimes made, by each Member whispering in the Ear of the Secretary the Name of the Person for whom he gave his Vote; and as there could be no material Check on the Declaration of the Secretary, it is evident that the Election of Delegates might be managed in any Manner most agreeable to the Leaders of the Society. The Meetings called County Meetings' were not restricted to the known Divisions of the Counties, but were composed of Delegates from Parochial Meetings, within either larger or smaller Districts, according to the Number of United Scotfmcn in each Neighbourhood. At the County Meetings, Delegates were elected, to represent the Societies at a National Meeting,' in the same secret Manner as w'as used for the Election of the Delegates to the County Meetings; and the Place of that Meeting w'as not generally disclosed. The Secretary of the County Meeting gave the Delegate, when chosen, a small Slip of Paper, containing the Name of a Person to whom he was to apply, and who was to take him to the Place of the National Meeting. This Person was called The Intermediate.' The Counties also were distinguished by Numbers, and not by their Names; and the Delegate received, on another Slip of Paper, the Number of his County, and the Time appointed for the National Meeting.

The Meeting affirming this Name was a Committee formed of Delegates from the County Meetings, and assembled every Seven Weeks; and there the moll important Business of the Society was transacted. This Meeting received Reports from a Secret Committee, and nominally directed its Conduct, but the Secret Committee really had the chief Management. This Committee was elected from amongst the Delegates at the National Meeting, in the same secret Manner as those Delegates "had been chosen at the County Meeting, the Persons elected being only known to the Secretary; and the Committee, thus secretly formed, did not disclose itself in the Transaction of Business; all of which was con-dudted through the Intervention of a Person (already noticed) called ‘The Intermediate ;' who delivered their Orders, and who was the same Person to whom the Delegates had been directed to apply for Information respecting the Place of Assembly of the National Meeting. Except therefore to the Intermediate, to the Secretary, and to each other, the Persons composing the Secret Committee remained wholly unknown.

Every Proceeding was involved in the same myfte-rious Secrecy; and though this System of blind Obedience had the Effect of disgusting and alarming some of the Delegates, who perceived themselves to be Instruments in the Hands of an unknown Authority, for Purposes, of which the Extent was never fully disclosed to them; yet the Committee, thus fonned, continued to preserve its general Influence; disbursing at its Pleasure the Money coiledled; giving all Orders for the Places of the National Meetings; fending Missionaries, diflemi-nating Papers, receiving Information, and conducting every Part of the Business without Controul.

The National Meeting was generally, if not always, held in or near Glasgow; and from Reports of what passed at those Meetings, it appears that they corre-lponded with the Society of United Britons, and sent Delegates to England, and received Delegates from thence. When the Meeting broke up, each Delegate received a Note of the Time appointed for the next Meeting; which he was to deliver to the Secretary of

Vol. 54 *

Reprrt from Com. ^trerety

CQ.'it Mi'il *

his own County Meeting, w'hcn the new Del-gate was elected.

Their Communications with different Parts, and particularly with England, were feklom carried on in Writing: Some Papers, however, have been dil'covered, which clearly shew that the Society had the most dangerous Objects in View; and that some of its Members were sanguine enough to profess an Opinion, " that if the " flattering Accounts which they received from " were real, the Emancipation of the Country was at " no great Distance, when they should rally round the " Standard of Liberty."

This System of Union, as well as that of the United Englishmen, was evidently borrowed from Ireland; and there is Reason to believe that it was introduced by Delegates from that Country. Signs were adopted for the Purpose of distinguishing the Members, as was practised in Ireland; but the Knowledge of the Signs seems to have been only imperfedtly diffuted; they never have been generally understood; or having been altered at different Times in different Places, without Concert, were never uniform in all Parts of the Country.

In their sanguine Expectation of Success, these Conspirators formed wild and extravagant Plans of seizing, in the same Night, all the leading People over the whole Island. If these Persons should relict, they were to be put to Death; if they submitted quietly, their Lives and Property were to be spared, but they were to be kept in Custody till a new Constitution should be formed; which was clearly meant to be conformable to French Principles.

An Oath or Test was formally administered, and printed Papers were circulated under the Title of " Resolutions and Constitution of the Society of United " Scoifnen; " a Copy of which is let forth in the Ap- (N° 15.) pendix.

The Measures of this Conspiracy were difccncerted by the Arrest of Mealmaker, of Dyer, and of Archibald Gray, the latter of whom, after his Indictment, escaped to the Continent, and has become a Member of a Society at Hamburgh, which will hereafter be noticed, by the Name of The Philanthropic Society.'

In Addition to this View of the Proceedings of the Societies both in England and Scot, at this Period, it is material to remark, that whilst the Rebellion was at its Height in Ireland, there were found Individuals, in this Country, who so strongly manifested their Desire to support the Cause of the Rebels, that they became the Objects of Criminal Prosecution. Among these, a Man, of the Name of Martin Dwas indicted for distributing, at Gosport, the Address stated in the Appendix, intituled, " An Irishnas Address to his (N° 16.) " Countrymen in England; " the Contents of which perhaps might have warranted a Prosecution for a higher Crime, and are so striking a Specimen of the Intentions of the Disaffected, that although the particular instance relates only to the Conduct of One Individual, Your Committee have thought it highly deserving of Notice.

This Man was convicted at the last Summer Assizes at Winchester, and sentenced to Two Years Imprisonment.

In pursuance of the same Plan, the United Irishmen United trish-in this Country have been incessantly labouring to dif- tilE

feminate their Principles, both by Means of secret Combinations among such of them as have found their Way . into the Naval Service, and by extending their Societies both in the Metropolis, and in different Parts of the . Kingdom. The Extent to which these Practices have prevailed, and (notwithstanding repeated instances of Detection and Punishment) are still carried on in the Fleet, has been too fully demonstrated by the Evidence which has appeared in a Variety of Courts Martial, the Proceedings of which have been laid before Your Committee, and which contain Matter so lcrious and important, that Your Committee have thought it- right to

infer t

34^ 150 Martii. . 1799 *

Report from insert. an Abstract of them In the Appendix. It ap-C°M/WCy Pears Oaths have been tendered by the Mutineers to the Crew, " to be United Irishmen, equal to their fN° 17 " Brethren in Ireland and to have nothing to do with

iS 10 20 " the King or His Government." That they have acted

2 2 \ ' in the professed Expectation of Assistance trom

' with the express Vkw of co-operating, for the Expul-fion of the Protestants from and the Erection of

a Roman Catholic Government; and it has been Part of their Plan to murder their Officers, to'seize on the Ship, and carry her to France or Ireland.

On another Occasion, the Oath has been as follows:

" I swear to be true to the Free and United who are now fighting our Cause against Tyrants and " Oppreflors, and to defend their Rights to the said " Drop of my Blood, and to keep all secret; and I do " agree to carry the Ship into Hr eft the next Time the " Ship looks out a-Head at Sea, and to kill every Officer " and Man that shall hinder us, except the Master; " and to hoist a green Ensign with a Harp in it, and " afterwards to kill and destroy the Protestants."

The Mutineers on board one of His Majesty's Ships appear to have been engaged in the Plan of carrying the Ship to France, in Expectation that they would there be promoted in Proportion to their Crimes; that one of their Ringleaders was to be appointed Captain, and that they were then to proceed with the French against Ireland; and this deep laid Villainy was disguised and aggravated by a Degree of Hypocrisy and Imposture, scarcely to be parallelled; the Particulars are stated in (N 20.) the Appendix.

The Mutineers in another Ship were proved to be connected with Corresponding Societies at Nottingham. The Oath which they attempted to administer was, " to carry the Ship into an Enemy's Port, either French, Dutch, or Irishand they meant, in the

Event of being brought into Action with an Enemy's Ship, to (hoot their own Officers on the Quarter Deck.

Societiwof While these Proceedings of the United Irishmen in Irion'in Lon Fleet exhibit so dreadful a Picture of their fangui-don, See. nary Deligns, and of the Similarity of their Views and Principles to those which have produced so much Cala- mity and Bloodshed in Ireland, their Conduct on Shore

has not been less deserving of the most serious Attention. Your Committee have no Helitation in, stating, on the cleared Proof, strongly confirmed by recent Circumstances, that among the various Bodies enlisted, in ‘any Part of Great Britain, for the Purposes of Sedition and Treason, the Societies which have been formed by the United Irishmen in this Country, are in all Respects the most formidable, particularly at the present Moment; whether considered with a View to their Combination, their actual Numbers, or the atrocious Nature of the Designs of which they are preparing, in a very short Time, to attempt the Execution in direct Cooperation with France.

The Danger to be apprehended from these Societies is much increased, from the constant Communication which they maintain with the Societies in Ireland; their mutual Confidence in each other; and the alanning Circumstance of their being, at this Moment, subject to the same secret Direction, and the same Chiefs.

These Societies have been instituted, not only in London, but in different Parts of the Country, and have (N° 23 & formed themselves into Subdivisions. In the Appendix 34.) are inserted printed Forms of Certificates of Election to the Society, which were seized among the Papers of a Person long engaged in this Conspiracy. One of these Forms has been framed for a ‘ Society.' The other

appears to relate to aSociety called an ‘ExternalSociety.' The Impression of the Seal on the former of them, is the same with that of the Seal found in the Custody of 6

Lord Edward Fitzgerald, when he was apprehended.

The Reference in these Certificates to the Constitution and the Test, confirm the unquestionable Information whichYbur Committee have received, that these Societies form a Part of the dreadful System which was unhappily established in Ireland. The Constitution of the United Irishmen, such as it was acted upon in Ireland, appears to regulate their Proceedings; and Copies of this Constitution have been found in she Possession of Persons principally concerned in promoting these Meetings. The Views which they entertain at this Moment, and the sanguine Hopes with which they look to their Accomplishment, are apparent in an inflammatory and treasonable Paper recently found at one of these Meetings, of which Government had received Intelligence, and the Persons present at which were consequently apprehended.

This Paper is inserted in the Appendix. Other Papers, 2C,) seized at the same Meeting, strongly confirm the Account which Your Committee have received, that a Mode has lately been adopted by these Societies (similar to that practised both in Ireland and Scotland) of keeping the Accounts of the Society, by substituting different Numbers for the Names of the Members. Your Committee think it also not immaterial to insert in the Appendix, Copy of a printed Card, which has been (N°26.) found in the Possession of different Persons, and particularly among other seditious Papers, in that of a Person recently apprehended, who, there is Reason to believe, has been very lately cholen to act as General Secretary to the different Societies of United Irishmen now in London. The Person named in this Card, and the Transaction to which it relates, are such as to require no Comment.

Your Committee have received different Accounts of the Numbers of this Society; but though their Force is probably exaggerated by themselves, for evident Rea-fons, there is sufficient Ground for believing that their Numbers have been long considerable. Many Irish, ordinarily resident here, chiefly among the lowest Classes of the Community, have been gradually induced to become Members of this Society. But the most active Part consists of those Irish Rebels who have fled to this Country; rendered desperate by their Crimes, not daring to return to Ireland, and either unable to make their Way to the Countries subject to France, or not receiving sufficient Encouragement to attempt it, they remain here, waiting for the Opportunity of executing those violent and desperate Projects, to which they have become familiar. And they appear to be under the Direction of some Persons of a higher Qlafs, who lbrne-times furnish pecuniary Aid, and form the Committee, by Means of which, a constant Correspondence is carried on, through Hamburgh, with France.

Among these Plans, there is good Reason to believe, plans of that early in 1798, it was ferioutly in Agitation among United irilhr the Conspirators in Ireland, to convey, in small Vessels, men‘ from Ireland to England, a great Number of United Irishmen; and to land them on different Parts of the Coast, with Instructions to divide themselves into small Bodies, and to endeavour to make their Way to the Capital in the Manner least liable to Suspicion, under the Dilguife of those Trades and Occupations in which the Irish, commonly resorting hither, are principally engaged. Their Object is represented to have been that of co-operating with the Corresponding Society, in effecting an Insurrection in Lonaon, at the Time of the Rebellion breaking out in Ireland, for the Purpose of distrading the Military Force and preventing Reinforcements being sent to that Country; and the Plan is laid to have failed from the Corresponding Society Ihrinking from the Execution of it. About the same Period, another Project was secretly formed (of " which Your Committee have received more distinct Information) for collecting at one Point, a chosen Body of the most Determined from among the United Irish employed

on

9 Geo. III.

i 50 Martii.

34 *

bn the River Thames, to whom a new Oath of Secrecy; Obedience, and Fidelity, was to be administered. Large Rewards were to be proitiifed. They were to be kept Wholly ignorant of the precise Service they were intended to perform, till the Moment of its Execution, which Was to take place as soon as an Attack on some Part of the Coast was announced on the Part of the French. They were then to be privately armed with Daggers, to be put under Leaders of known Talents and Courage, and formed into Three Divisions, and were to make ah Attack, by Surprize, at the same Moment, on both Houses of Parliament, on the Tower; and on the Bank.

The Intelligence obtained from Time to Time by Government, rel'pedting the Proceedings and Plans of the Conspirators, the Seizure and Detention of some of the intended Leaders, and perhaps the Timidity or Reluctance of some of the Parties concerned, prevented any open Attempt to realise these extravagant Designs, when they were first in Contemplation.

But, notwithstanding the Continuance of every Precaution, and although these Conspirators cannot be ignorant of the prepared and formidable Force, and the determined Spirit and general Loyalty with which such an Enterprize would be immediately refilled, Your Committee have received undoubted Proof that Plans of this Nature are now, more than ever, in Agitation. Attempts are actually making, by Agents from Ireland, to concert with the French Government the Time for a fresh and general Insurrection in Ireland. Intelligence has been received, that in the Ports of France the utmost Diligence is used in preparing another Expedition to cooperate with the Rebels in that Kingdom. The Time for making this Attempt, seems to be, in a great Mca-sure, fixed. The Expectation which appears to be generally entertained among the Traitors in Ireland tallies, in this Relped, with the Intelligence which has been laid before Your Committee; and this Expectation has been particularly communicated from thence to their Confederates in this Country. It seems to be intended, at the same Time to attempt a Diversion by another French Force on different Parts of the Coasts of this Kingdom. The Manner in which such Expeditions are likely to be calculated to advance the Ends of the Conspirators, both in Great Britain and Ireland, and the Species of Warfare which the French have had in Contemplation, will be sufficiently evident from a Reference to the Instructions of Fate, who was made Prisoner in Wales (which are printed in the Appendix to the Report made last Session, on the Treatment of Prisoners of War) and to those of Humbert, who commanded the Force which landed lall Year in Ireland, and who had also been destined to command an Expedition against Cornwall, fN° 27 & are indrted in the Appendix to this Report. For

ag \ the Purpose of co-operating with these Attempts, and particularly with the same View as that to which the Measures before enumerated were directed in the Beginning of 1798, that of preventing, if possible, Reinforcements being lent from hence to Ireland. It is also Part of the Pian, that an Effort should be made to create an Iihlnreaion in the Metropolis, and in some other Parts of the Kingdom where these Societies are most numerous. Y our Committee are fully confident, that while Plans of this Nature continue to be traced and known, and while Government retains the Means which it at present pof-lefies, such wild and desperate Projects may be expected to lead only to Consequences destructive to their Authors. But Your Committee are at the same Time so forcibly struck with the View they have had of this Part of the System, and with the peculiar Danger continually arising from the Society of United which they

deem to be in its Nature incompatible with the secure Maintenance of public Tranquillity, that they have thought it necessary to bring it thus distindliy under the unmediate Consideration of the House.

Vo L.54.

Report from.

Com. Secrecy

Societies at Hamburgh.

lit Addition to this Mass of Treason, in Great Britain and in Ireland, Your Committee find, that, for the Purpose of more convenient Communication between France and Ireland, a Committee of United Irishmen has been formed at Hamburgh. That Place has long been the Receptacle of those disaffected Persons who have fled from Great Britain or Ireland, either from Apprehension of the Consequences of the treasonable Practices in which they have been engaged, or for the Purpose of assisting the Conspiracies carried on against their respective Countries; and with the latter V lew it has been the Center of a Correspondence, which has long subsisted among the Britishand Irish Societies established at that Place, as well as in London and; and this Correspondence with Great Britain and Ireland, has frequently been covered by the Pretence of Commercial Transactions, or of communicating Intelligence for the public Newspapers.

Hamburgh has also been the Resort of the Disaffected of every other Country, whose Intrigues are constantly directed to the Object of spreading the Principles of Jacobinism in Holjlein and the North of Germany, and generally in all the Northern Parts of Europe. Many Emissaries, English, Scotch, and Irish, have been dispatched

from Time to Time from Hamburgh to Great Britain and Ireland, and to various Parts of the Continent, as Circumstances required. There has recently been established at Hamburgh, Altona, and the Neighbourhood, a Society called The Philanthropic Society' for the Purpose of Correspondence with the Republicans of all Countries, upon the Plan of the Corresponding Societies established in Great Britain and Ireland-, and whose avowed Object is the Reform of all Kingdoms and States.

The leading Members of this Society, who direct all the rest, compose a Committee of about Twenty Persons,

British, French, Dutch, and Germans. The Members of thelubordinate Societies at Hamburgh and Altona are all under the Controul of the Committee or principal Society before-mentioned. This Committee constantly corresponds with Great Britain and Ireland, and all Parts of Germany. It has Secretaries {killed in different Languages, and corresponding Agents in different Towns, particularly in London. It may become a formidable Engine in the Hands of the French Directory,

and it appears to be making considerable Progress; but there is Keafon to hope that it has at length attracted the Notice of the Governments of those Places.

UPON a Review of all the Circumstances which Condufon. have come under the Consideration of Your Committee, they are deeply impressed with the Conviction — That the Safety and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms have, at different Periods from the Year 1791 to the present Time, been brought into imminent Hazard, by the traitorous Plans and Practices of Societies, acting upon the Principles, and devoted to the Views, of our inveterate Foreign Enemy:

That, although the Society of United in

Ireland, has alone been enabled to attain its full Strength and Maturity; yet the Societies instituted on similar Principles in this Country, had all an undoubted Tendency to produce similar Effects, if they had not been checked by the general Demonstrations of the Zeal and Spirit of His Majesty's faithful Subjects, and by the timely and judicious Use of those extraordinary Powers, which Parliament has, in its Wisdom, from Time to Time confided to His Majesty's Government:

That, either directly or indirectly, a continual Intercourse and Connection has been maintained between all

4 S these

342

fc

15 Martii. jdf. 1799;

Compere!" tkefe ^0C et: eS n Great Britain and , and that the

"<wiW.Cy real Objects of the Instigators of these Proceedings, in — — »> both Kingdoms, were no other than the entire Overthrow of the British Constitution, the general Confifca-tion of Property, and the Erection of a Democratic Republic, founded on the Ruins of all Religion, and of 411 Political and Civil Society, and framed after the Model of France.

The vigorous Resistance opposed to the Rebellion in Ireland, the Succels of the Measures which have been employed for detecting and defeating the Deligns of the Conspirators here, and the general and ardent Spirit of Loyalty and Attachment to the Laws and Constitution, have hitherto counteracted the Progress of the Mischief, and averted impending Danger; but even these Circum-ft^nces by no Means appear to Your Committee to justify the Hope that the Mischief is eradicated, or the Danger passed.

The Principles and Views of the Conspirators remain unchanged. Their Reliance on the Assistance and Cooperation of France, by which they expect ultimately to effect their Purposes, continues undiminished. And the System of those secret Societies, which are at once the Instruments of seditious Conspiracy at Home, and the Channel of treasonable Correspondence with though in many Parts broken and interrupted, is by no Means destroyed.

Your Committee have already referred to the positive Information laid before them, stating that hostile Preparations are now making, with extraordinary Vigour and Exertion, in some of the Ports of France, for the Invasion of this Country, or of Ireland. The Activity of Seditious and Treasonable Societies, in their Corre-Ipondence with France, and in their Endeavours to gain Proselytes here, keeps Pace with the Preparation? of the Enemy; and the Principle of Secrecy, generally enforced by unlawful Oaths, which is the great Cha-racteriftic of these Societies, peculiarly fits them for the most desperate Enterprizes, and by holding out a Prospect of Security, increales the Means of Seduction. It has, at the same Time, an obvious Tendency to elude Detection, in the first Instaace, and to defeat legal Enquiry in the next. To this Principle, therefore, in the Opinion of Your Committee, such further Measures as Parliament in its Wisdom may think fit to adopt for the Public Safety, should be more imme--diately and decisively pointed.

Your Committee have seen, with Satisfaction, the Towers which, in Conformity to the ancient Practice and true Principles of the Constitution, have from Time to Time, as the Urgency required, been confided to His Majesty's Government; and they feel it their Duty particularly to remark, that, the Power of arresting and detaining suspected Persons (a Remedy so constantly resorted to by our Ancestors in all Cases of temporary and extraordinary Danger) has, under the present new and unprecedented Circumstances, been found particularly efficient. It has greatly interrupted and impeded the Correspondence with the Enemy, and has checked, from Time to Time, the Progress and Communication of Sedition and Treason at Home. But from particular Circumstances which have come under the Observation of Your Committee in the Course of their Enquiry, they feel it their Duty to

remark, that the good Effects of this Measure would be rendered more complete, and the public Tranquillity better secured, if the leading Persons who have been, of may be, hereafter detained on Suspicion of Treasonable Practices, shall hereafter be kept in Custody in Places sufficiently distant from the Metropolis.

The Whole of the Secret Information which has been laid before Your Committee, has strongly confirmed them in theif Opinion of the Necessity of confiding these extraordinary Powers to His Majesty's Government; and the very Circumstances which created this Necessity, and which continue at this Time to operate more powerfully than ever, have rendered it their peculiar Duty to abstain from disclosing, in its full Extent, the particular Information, of which they have dated to the House the general Refuit, and on which their Judgment is founded; but they trust that they have laid before the House sufficient Grounds to justify their Persuasion, that the multiplied and various Attempts by which the Enemies to their Country carry on their dangerous Conspiracies, can only be defeated by a corresponding Vigilance on the Part of Government, and by the Exercise of such additional Powers, as may, from Time to Time, be entrusted to it by Parliament, and may be best adapted to the peculiar Exigency of the Moment. And although Your Committee do not think it any Part of their Province to suggest particular Measures, the Consideration of which must be left to the Wisdom of Parliament; they cannot forbear particularly and earnestly pressing their unanimous Opinion, that the System of Secret Societies, the Establishment of which has, in other Countries, uniformly preceded the Aggression of F, and, by facilitating the Progress ot her Principles, has prepared the Way for her Arms, cannot be suffered to exist in these Kingdoms, compatibly with the Safety of their Government and Constitution, and with their Security against foreign Force and Domestic Treason.

Your Committee have great Satisfaction in adding that if this growing and formidable Evil can be effectually repressed, and if the same System of Vigilance and Precaution which has been successfiilly adopted fot some Years past, is adhered to, there is every Reason to look forward with Confidence to the ultimate Disappointment and Defeat of the Projects which have been, so long pursued by our Foreign and Domestic Enemies, Impressed with a just Sense of the Blelfings enjoyed under our happy Constitution, which distinguish this Country from every Nation in Europe, all Ranks and Conditions of Society have shewn their Determination to preserve those Blessings entire, and have flood forward with a becoming Ardour and Alacrity in their Defence. While this laudable Spirit continues to pervade every Part of the Kingdom, and while the Wisdom of the Legislature encourages and directs its Exertions for the Public Safety, Your Committee entertain a full Conviction that the Religion, the Laws, and the Constitution of Great Britain, and with them the InterefU and Happiness of all Classes of His Majesty's Subjects, will, in the Midst of surrounding Danger and Calamity, and in Spite of every Machination at Home or Abroad, rest under the Protection of Divine Providence, on the surest Balls, (ecured by the Energy and Firmnels of the Government, and by the Courage, the Patriotism, and the Virtue, of the Nation.

APPEKDUL

9 Ge6. lit ii;4 Mar Hi. 343

APPENDIX.

hi- .

CONTENTS of the APPENDIX.

Appendix. Page.

(N° 1.) Address from the Society of United Irishmen in Dublin, to the Delegates for promoting a Reform in Scotland - -- 344

[N® 2.) The Report of the Committee of Constitution of the London Corresponding Society. [Printed for the Use of the Members.] Sold by Thomas Spence,

N® 8 Little Tumftile, High Holborn ----- -- ibid.

(N® 3.) Letter for introducing Citizens Binns and John Gale Jones j dated Committee Room *

March 1796; and signed J. Ashley, Secretary ----- - "331

(N 4.) Instructions of the London Correfoonding Society to Citizen John Gale j

deputed to visit the Societies of Birmingham, «c. - - - ibid,

(N® 5.). Hand Bill distributed by Henry Fellows, at Maidstone - - - 33a

(N® 6.) Letter taken amongst John Bone's Papers ----- -- ibid.

(N® 7.) Papers found upon Richard Fuller, for the Seduction of the Soldiery * 353

(N® 8.) Address from United Britons to United Irishmen - - - - 354

(N® 9.) Address of the London Corresponding Society to the Irish Nation 355

(N® 10.) Address of the Secret Committee of England to the Executive Directory of

France - - - - 336

(N® 11.) Form of Oath, found in Thomas Evans's Pocket, proposed for' the United

Englishmen - - 357

(N® 12.) Form of Oath, found on the Floor of the George, Saint John Street, Clerkenwell ibid.

(N® 13.) The Declarations, Resolutions, and Constitution of the Societies of United

Englishmen - - - ibid.

(N® 14.) Test to be used by the Soldiers -- ----- -- 359

(N® 15.) Resolutions and Constitution of the Society of United Scotsmen - ibid.

(N® 16.) Address distributed by Martin Dunnovan, at Gosport - - - - 361

(N® 17.) Abstract of Proceedings at a Court Martial, held on board His Majesty's Ship Royal William, at Spithead, on the 20th, 21ft, 2id, and 23d of June 1797 j for the Trial of William Guthry, and others, for mutinous Conduct in the Pomp6e, &c. - . — - — ibid.

(N® 18.) Abstract of Proceedings at a Court Martial, held on board His Majesty's Ship Cambridge, in Hamoaze, between the 16th and 23d August 1798; for the Trial of Bartholomew Duff, and others, for making mutinous Assemblies on board the said Ship, See - - - - 362

(N® 19.) D°--- D°-- - held on board His Majesty's Ship Gladiator, in Portsmouth Harbour, between the 8th and 14th of September 1798} for the Trial of John Brady, scad others, for having held mutinous Assemblies on board the said Ship, &c. - - - - ... . a 363

(N® 20.) D° - - - D® - - - held on board His Majesty's Ship Cambridge, in Hamoaze, from the ift to the 9th October 1798; for the Trial of William Regan, and others, for a Conspiracy to murder their Officers, See. -

(N® 21.) D° - - - D® - - - held on board His Majesty's Ship Diomede, in Sheerness Harbour, on the 29th and 30th Days, of October 1798; for the Trial of John Wright and George Tomms, Marines, for Mutiny ana Sedition, - 364

(N® 22.) D® - - - D° - - - held on board His Majesty's Ship Gladiator, in Portsmouth Harbour, on the 15th January 1799; for the Trial of Patrick and

others, for mutinous and seditious Expressions, See. - - - < ibid.

(N° 23/)

Sc > Forms of Certificates of Election to certain Societies > * > ibid.

4,) J

(N® 25.) Address to the People of Ireland; taken at Division, N® 2 of the United Irishmen, 10 th March 1799 ----- -- - 365

(N® 26.) Copy of a printed Card to the Memory of O'Coigly - - - . 366

(N® 27.) Translation of Instructions for the March and Operations of General Humbert -

(N® 28.) Translation of Instructions to Brigadier General Humbert, commanding the Secret

Expedition entrusted to the Legion des Francs" - - - - 367

- Vol. 5 / APPENDIX.

Report from Com. Secrecy continued.

344

Kepott from

Com. Secrecy continued.

5 *

appendix.

Appendix (N° i.)

ADDRESS from the Society of United trtjh-men in Dublin, to the Delegates for promoting a Reform in Scotland.

November 23d, 1792.

WE take the Liberty of add re fling you in the Spirit of Civic Union, in the Fellowship of a just and common Cause. We greatly rejoice that the Spirit of Freedom moves over the Face Of Scotland; that Light seems to break from the Chaos-of her internal Government; and that a Country so. respectable for her Attainments in Science, in Arts, and in Arfns, for Men of literary Eminence, for the Intelligence and Morality of her People, now acts from a Conviction of the Union between Virtue, Letters, and Liberty, and now rises to Distinction; not by a calm, contented, fe-cret Willi for a Reform in Parliament, but by openly, actively, and urgently willing it, with the Unity and Energy of an embodied Nation. We rejoice that you do not consider yourselves as merged and melted down into another Country, but that in this great National Question you are still Scotland — the Land where Buchanan wrote, and Fletcher spoke, and Wallace fought.

Away from, us and from our Children, those puerile Antipathifts lb unworthy of the Manhood of Nations, which insulate Individuals as well as Countries, and drive the.Citizen back to the Savage. We esteem and we respect you We pay merited Honour, to a Nation in general well educated and well informed, because we know that the'Ignofance of the "People is the Cause and Effect of all cjvil and religious Despotism. We honour a Nation regular in their Lives and strict in their Manners, bectlufe we conceive private Morality to be the only secure Foundation of public Policy. We honour a Nation eminent for Men of Genius, and we trull that they will now exert themselves, not so much in perusing and penning the Histories of other Countries, as in making their own a Subject for the Historian. May we venture so observe to them that Mankind have been too retrospective, canonized Antiquity and undervalued themselves, Man has reposed on Ruins, and reded his Head on' some Fragments of the Temple of Liberty, or atmost amused himself in pacing the Measurement of the Edifice, and nicely limiting its Proportions; not reflecting that this Temple is truly Catholic, the ample Earth, its Area, and ihe Arch of Heaven its Dome.

We will lay open to you our Hearts; — our Cause is your Cause. If there is to be a Struggle between us, let it be which Nation shall be foremost in the Race of Mind; let this be the noble Animosity kindled between us, who shall first attain that free Constitution from which both are cquidistant, who shall first be the Saviour of the Empire.

In this Society and its affiliated Societies, the Catholic and the Presbyterian are at this Instant holding out their Hands and opening their Hearts to each other; agreeing in Principles, concurring in Practice. We unite for immediate, ample, and substantial Justice to the Catholics, and when that is attained, a combined Exertion for a Reform in Parliament is the Condition of our Compact,-and the Seal of our Communion.

UniversalEmancipation. withLegijlature

is the polar Principle which guides our Society, and shall guide it through all the Tumult of Factions and Fluctuations of Parties. It is not upon a Coalition of Oppo-fition with Ministry that we depend, but upon a Coalition of Irishmen with Irishmen, and in that Coalition alone we find an Object worthy of Reform, and at the same Time the Strength and Sinew both to attain *

Martii. A 1799 .

and secure it. It is not tipon external Circumstances, upon the Pledge of Man or Minister, we depend, but upon the internal Energy of the Irish Nation. We will not buy or borrow Liberty from America or from France, but manufacture it ourselves, and work it up with those Materials which the Hearts of fnfhmen furnish them with at Home. We do not worship the British, farless the Irish Constitution, as lent down from Heaven, but we consider it as human Workmanship, which Man has made, and Man can mend. An unalterable Constitution, whateverbe its Nature, must be Despotism. It is not the Constitution, but the People which ought to be inviolable, and it is Time to recognize and renovate the Rights of the English, the Scotch, and the Irish Nations — Rights which can neither be bought nor fold, granted by Charter, or forestalled by Monopoly, but which Nature dictates as the Birthright of all, and which it is the Business of a Constitution to define, to enforce,. and to establish. If Government has & sincere Regard for the Safety of the Constitution, let them coincide with the People in the speedy Reform of its Abuses, and not by an obstinate Adherence to them, drive that People into Republicanism.

We have told you what our Situation was, what it is, what it ought to be; our End, a National Legislature j our Means, an Union of the whole People. Let this Union extend throughout the Empire. Let all unite for all, or each Man suffer for all. In each Country let the People assemble in peaceful and constitutional Convention. Let Delegates from each Countiy digest a Plan of Reform, bed adapted to the Situation and Circumstances of their respective Nations, and let the Legislatures be petitioned at once by the urgent and unanimous Voice of England, Scotland, and Ireland.

You have our Ideas. Answer us, and that quickly , This is not a Time to procrastinate. Your illustrious Fletcher has said, that the Liberties of a People are not to be secured without passing through great Difficulties, and no Toil or Labours ought to be declined to preserve' a Nation from Slavery. He spoke well; and wc add, that it is incumbent on every Nation who adventures into a Conflict for Freedom, to remember it is on the Event (however absurdly) depends the Estimation of public Opinion; Honour and Immortality, if fortunate;-if othenvile. Infamy and Oblivion. Let this'chech the Ralhness that rushes unadvisedly into the Committal of national Character, or if that be already made, let the same Consideration impel us all to advance with active, not passive Perleveranfe, with manly Confidence and calm Determination, finding with equal Scorn at the Bluster of official Arrogance, and the Whisper of private Malevolence,. until we have planted the Flag of Freedom on the Summit, and are at once victorious and secure.

(Signed) William Chairman.

Archibald Hamilton Rowan, Secretary.

Appendix (N° 2.)

ThC REPORT of the Committee of Constitution, of the London Corresponding Society. [Printed for the Use of the Members.] Sold by Thomas Spence, No. 8, Little Turnstile, High Holborn.

Fellow Citizens,

KNOWINGfrom Experience, that those who (through the depraved State of what should be the Representative Body) arc suffered to prey on the Vitals of our Country, derive the principal Part of their Success, in oppoling an equal Reprelcntation from the active Circulation of Falsehoods, respecting this and other similar Societies; wrc think it adviseable, that you should give an explicit Declaration of your PRINCIPLES and Y\ ISHES, which we conceive to be as lollow:

1. That

39 Geo. III. 15° Martii. 345

1. That all Men are by Nature free, equal, and 13. equally cruel with the fore com secrc"'

independent of each other. going, is another Effect of partial Repreferttation: It has

2. That to enjoy all the Advantages of Civil Society, lately been proved, that the Expence of this Service, if W-' it is not necessary that Individuals should relinquish applied to increase the Seamen's Pay, would render im-

tnore of their natural Independence than is required to pressing unnecessary; but it is more confident with the fulfil this Injunction, " Let the Minority yield a friendly Government of a Faction, to distribute the Sum among " Submifliori to the Majority." the Officers of Corporations.

3. That no Majority, however great, can justly de- 14. The ill Effects of partial Representation are not

prive the Minority of any Part of their civil Rights; confined to Men in private Stations: We challenge Con- wherever it is attempted, the social Bond is broken, and tradition when we assert, that, in general. Promotion, the Minority have a Right to resist. whether in the Army, Navy, or Church, is the Effect of

4. The civil Rights of every Individual are Equality parliamentary Connection, and the Reward of parliamen-of Voice, in the making of Laws, and in the Choice of tary Prostitution.

Persons by whom those Laws are to be administered. — 15. We cannot entertain a Doubt, that the foregoing

Equality before the Law, whether in claiming its Pro- Statement of Grievances will be admitted as just by our tection or submitting to its Sentence. Freedom to pub- Countrymen at large, and also that an equal Represen-lish his Opinion, to exercise his religious Worship tation, by universal and annual Suffrage, would tend im-without Molestation or Restriction; and to enjoy his mediately to redress them. It remains to prove, that the Property, subject only to such Contributions as may be Difficulties said to attend such a Scheme are merely the impartially levied for the public Service. chimerical Inventions of interested Men.

5. Submission to any Measure, does not imply Silence t6. Let us suppose all partial Corporations (those

as to the Propriety or Impropriety thereof. Badges of Slavery) abolished, and consider the whole

6. Every Power entrusted to a Magistrate, implies a Island as One Corporation, divided into Counties or

Responsibility for the Exercise of that Power. Cities, for the Purposes of embodying and exercising

7. The foregoing are not new, but are the original Militia, &c. and for electing Representatives, subdivided

Principles of English Government. ' into Districts or Townships, as nearly as convenient, in

8. The total Departure from the Principle of Equality equal Proportion to the Number of Inhabitants.

in the Election of the Legislative Body, commonly 17. Allow to each District or Township One Repre-called the House of Commons, is the chief Cause why fentative, and let it be subdivided into Parishes, and the People of Britain are now deprived of the Be- every Man entitled to a Vote be registered in the Parish nefit of the foregoing Principles; and in place thereof in which he resides. Lirge Parishes may be subdivided' labour under a continued Syltem of Extortion and into Wards or Hamlets.

Monopoly. 18. Let every Voter give his Vote in the Parish in

9. The Corn Ail — is a Grievance immediately result- which he resides; let the Votes be brought in Writing, ing from the Restriction of the Choice of Representatives iand called for in Succession, either alphabetically, by to Men of landed Property; by it the Price of Bread in the Names of the Voters, or numerically, by the Wards general is doubled, and sometimes much more than and Numbers of Houses; — either of these Methods doubled; for whenever this Country happens to be would prevent that Source of Riot, the Practice of blefied with an abundant Sealon, a Part of the Taxes voting in Party Groups.

under which we groan is applied to encourage the Ex- ' 19. The Truth of Entry of every individual Vote in

portation, and advance the Price of Corn. Thus we each Parish would easily be examined, and the Totals of pay one Tax to Government, to give the landed Man an the several Parishes in each District lo easily collected. Opportunity of laying on another. The hackneyed that we scruple not to assert, a General Election might Pretence for this Act is, " the Welfare of the Farmer." be decided, with indisputable Certainty, in Twelve The real Intention of it is, to enable the Monopolizers Hours.

of Farms to pay enormous Rents. 20. In laying the whole Island should be considered

10. Game Laws — Though too evidently calculated as One Corporation, we do not wish to be understood as

to disarm the Nation, may in general be attributed to the recommending that Districts should chuse their Reprefame Restriction; by them, even the Farmer, on whose fentatives from distant Parts. On the contrary, we Property the Game is fed, is robbed of every constitu- think the Representative should always be a Resident of tional Right of a Briton, and subjected to the Brutality the District, as his Character would be better known to of a Balhaw in the Form of a Country Justice, from his Constituents. Hearsay Characters are seldom any whom there is no Appeal. other than the Blazonings of Faction.

11. Exci/e, Laws, and Stamp Duties — (and the confe- 21. It is indispensable to good Government, that Re-quest Syltem of Spies and Informers) equally repugnant presentatives should be paid for their Service to the to the professed Principles of the Constitution, and most Public. The Want of open and honourable Reward extensive in their Opprefiion; are often introduced retards the Exertion of laudable Characters, and subjects merely as Engines of Corporation Influence; for, in some the Nation to the fraudulent and delusive Practices of Instances, the Produce of the Tax does not pay the mock Patriots.

Expence of Collection; were the Sense of the Nation 22. To those who are convinced of the Propriety of fairly taken, it is impossible to believe but that whatever the foregoing Ideas, and only alk, How shall we attain Sum might be necessary for the Public Service, it the Practice of them? We answer, associate. By so would be raised by Means less obnoxious and less doing you will better correct and strengthen each others expensive. ' Opinions on the Subject of Liberty, and eventually abalh

12. The Mutiny Ail — which would never have ex- the Tools of corrupt Influence and lawless Power, ifted, had not the Bulk of the People been excluded Effects which are not to be expected from the vague and from Representation. It reflects a Charge of Hypocrisy desultory Exertion of individual Opinions.

on those who affect to bewail the late Events in France, Having thus stated what we conceive to be the Sen-yet calmly view the Defenders of their own Country timents of the Society, we recommend, that the Mem-subjected to every Species of Fraud, Insult, and Cruelty, bers shall meet in Divisions, consisting, as nearly as con-The military Excellence of true Republicans, in all venient, of Thirty Members each; and that the Ma- Ages, proves it to be unnecessary. Convince a Briton, nagement of its Affairs be veiled in One COMMITTEE that he is about to fight for a Country in which his OF DELEGATES, One SELECT COMMITTEE,

Rights are duly consulted, and the Cat of Nine Tails and One COUNCIL, subject to REFERENCE TO may be burnt by the Hands of the common Hang- THE DIVISIONS and TRIAL BY JURY, as more man. . particularly defined in the following Sections.

Vo 1. 44. 4T section

t5° Martii. A. 1799.

Rr^irt from C&m. Secircy

t&itJBiuJ.

SECTION I. — Form of and of a

Member.

1. Each Candidate for Aduiiflion into this Society shall be projx>led by a Member, who shall either belong to the Division in which the Proposal is made, or be personally known as a Member of this Society to Two Members of Such Division.

2. The Secretary shall enter the Name, Residence, and Occupation of the Candidate, together with the Propoler's Name and Number in the Minute Book of the Division, and the President shall put' the following Question to the Proposer:

Are you well acquainted with the Candidate yon piropose,

with his Means of Lifet and his political Principles, and are you well afj'ured that hii^etieral Char abler is such as will not

be Jifgraceful to this Society?

3. if the Proposer shall answerthe foregoing Question in tire Affirmative, the President shall demand of the Division, whether any Member has any Objection to the Candidate.

4. If no Objection satisfactory to the Division shall be made, the President shall put the following Questions to the Candidate:

Are yon convinced, that every Man who has attained to Tears of Discretion, is in Possession of his Reason, and not dif-

qualified by Crimes, ought to have a Vote for a Representative, and not more than One Vote?

Are you convinced, that theRepresentation ought to be divided as nearly as pqffibls in Proportion to the Number of Electors?

Are you convinced, that the Election of Representatives of the People ought to be Annual?

Hill you by all jvflifiableMeans endeavour to promote a

Reform in the Parliament of this Country, agreeable to the Principles which you have noiv professed?

5. The Candidate having answered the foregoing Questions in the affirmative, shall be declared a Member, and shall receive a Ticket, on which shall be indorsed his Name, and the Time to which his Contribution is paid; and another Ticket, on which shall be written in large Figures the Number of his Division; and beneath that, his own Number in the Division.

6. It shall be at his Option to wear the latter Ticket in a visible Situation in any Meeting of this Society; and it is particularly adviteable that he should wear it in General Meetings, and keep with the Members of his own Division.

7. Every Member shall pay 6 at the Meeting of his Division, next before the first Thursday in each Calendar Month, or after that Rate for so lo g as he shall think proper to renew his Ticket, to defray the Expellees of this Society, and of the Room in which his Division meets.

8. The lall Article shall not preclude any Member from furnithing a larger Contribution, as he may judge proper, either periodically or occasionallyj . but such extra Contribution shall not give the Member any additional Power.

9. It is the Duty of every Member to lludy Concord, and for that Purpose to moderate his own Passions, particularly his personal Attachments and Aversions.

xo. To make himself well acquainted with the Principles, Constitution, and Laws of this Society, and to circulate a Knowledge of the same to the utmost of his Ability.

11. To attend his own Division as conllantly as po£ fible, and particularly on the Meeting next before the first Thursday ih each Calendar Month.

12. During the Diicuflion of any Question, it is the Duty of every Member to give a close and candid Attention to die Opinions which are given on it, and also to give his own Opinion freely, unlel's it shall correspond exactly with one already given.

13. In giving his Vote, which is the Declaration of his final Opinion, he ought to be guided solely by his

S

own Conviction, totally dil'fegarding the Chance of his being in a Minority or Majority, even though he should (land alone. ‘

14. When Decision is taken by a Shew of Hands, every Member shall give his Vote silently, by shewing one Hand: The Practice of shewing both Hands, or of calling all! all! or other such Exclamations, are tumultuous, indecent, and utterly unwarrantable.

15. In case his Division shall be dispersed by Perfe-cution, he shall use every Endeavour to rally the Members of it; but if unsuccessful in this Attempt, he may then join any Division which may persevere in meeting.

16. To habituate himself, bodx in and out of this . Society, to an orderly and amicable Manner of reasoning, but especially to observe the following Rules of

ORD'ER.

t. That no Member ought to be interrupted while (peaking, unless for the Purpose of calling him to Order.

2. All Noise is Interruption, whether intended to express Applause or Censure; Approbation may be expelled by holding up a Hand.

3. To attribute the Conduct or Opinion of any Member to factious Combination, or other improper Motive, is disorderly; as are also all Invectives and declamatory Remarks.

4. The foregoing is not intended to curtail the Power of Accusation, agreeably to the XIth SeClion of this Constitution, but only that such Accusation. shall not interfere with any other Question.

5. No Member shall be allowed to speak longer than Ten Minutes at One Time, nor more than Twice to One Question, except to explain or retract.

6. No Member shall be allowed to (tile himself, or any other, by any Party Name, whether intended to convey Respect or Disrespect.

7. All political Appellations, which do not in their immediate Interpretation convey an Idea of political Sentiment or Situation, are Party Names. The following

do not fall under this Objection, as will appear by, their % Explanations.

Republican — One who willies to promote the general. Welfare of his Country.

Democrat — A Supporter of the Rights and Power of the People.

Aristocrat — One who wishes to promote the Interest of a few at the Expence of many.

Royalif — Among the ignorant Part, of Mankind fig-nifies a Person attached to regal Government: Among artful Courtiers it is a Veil for their own Ariltocracy.

Loyalif — A Supporter of the Constitution of his Country.

Citizen — The ancient Appellation given to the Meim bers of free States,

Subjebl — Can only with Propriety be applied to a Member of a State, whose Government has been inlti- ' tuted by Foreign Conquest, or the Prevalence of a do-mellic Faction.

17. Persons attempting to trespass on Order, under Pretence of shewing Zeal, Courage, or any other Motive, are to be lufpected. A noisy Disposition is leldom a Sign of Courage, and extreme Zeal is often a. Cloak of Treachery.

SECT 10 NIF — The Organization and Power of a

Divljhn.

l.Each Division shall meet Once in a Week, on any Evening in the Week, except Thursday and Sunday.

2. The Hour and Place of Meeting shall be at the Convenience of each Division, but must be announced v to the conllituted Bodies.

3. Each Division shall eleCl, from its own Members, a President, Vice- President, Secretary, Afiiltart Secretary, Delegate, and Sub-delegate.

4. Each

t

30 Geo. III. 150 Mar tit. 347

4. Each Division shall be fumished with Three Books, (viz.) One to bear the Number of the Division; a similar Book, to be called the Supernumerary Book of the same Division; and a Third, for entering Minutes.

5. No Division Book shall contain more than 30 effectice Names; subjecto Variation as hereafter mentioned.

6. Members admitted after the Division shall amount to 30, shall be entered in the Supernumerary Book, but not before.

7. As foonas the Members entered in the Supernumerary Book, shall amount to 16, they (halt be entitled to a Number as a new Division; they shall determine the Time and Place of their future Meeting; they shall receive a Supernumerary Book, and a Minute Book, and a new Supernumerary Book shall be delivered to the original Division.

8. Members entered in any Supernumerary Book while less than 16, shall be ent t'ed to vote, and in every Respect be considered as Members of the Division to Which such Supernumerary Book shall belong.

9. No new Member shall have a Vote the same Sitting in which he is admitted; nor transferred Member the same Sitting in which he is transferred.

10. Each Division shall be allowed One Shilling and Six Pence per Week for Rent, Furniture, Sec.

11. Every Member shall have Liberty to introduce One Stranger, provided such Member shall ahlwer that the Sentiments of the Stranger are similar to ours; and the same Stranger shall not be introduced more than Twice, except for the Purpose of Admission as a Member.

12. If Two or more Divisions shall agree to meet at the same Time and Place, the following Rules shall be observed:

13. One Supernumerary Book shall lerve the whole. Meeting, which shall be kept by the Secretary of the oldest Division present.

14. No new Member shall be entered in the Supernumerary Book, while any Division present is short of 30 Members.

15. One President and Vice President shall serve the whole Meeting.

16. Each Division alternately shall elect, from its own Members, the President and Vice President; and the Assistant Secretary of each Division, alternately, shall act as Doorkeeper.

17. They shall not intermix their Elections of Delegates or Sub-delegates, Secretaries, or' A IE Rant Secretaries, nor the Reports of their Opinions on referred Questions.

18. Members entered in the Supernumerary Book shall be entitled to vote, and in every Respect considered as Members of the oldest Division present.

19. In all Elections, and Decisions of referred Questions, the President shall take, the Decision of the oldest Division first.

20. The Term oldest Division is not meant to convey any Idea of Precedency; it is to be understood, that Division which shall bear the smallest Number, though it may have been formed later than one bearing a greater.

21. The Delegates and Secretaries of Divisions so meeting, shall not lit together, but dispersed as nearly as Convenient at equal Distances.

22. Over the Seat of the President in each Meeting of this Society, shall be suspended a Label with there Words, BEWARE OF ORATORS.

23. In case of Persecution, and that the Means provided by the Vllth, VIHth, and IXth Sections of this Constitution, should not produce the Effect of re-establishrng a Representative Body of this Society for Two Weeks successively, every Division shall have Power to elect Four Persons, whose Powers shall be the same as the Four Officers of the Committee of Delegates.

_ Vot. 54.

14. The.foie Object of those Four Persons, shall be the Re-establishment of the Representative Body, and 1

they shall report Progress Weekly, and be Weekly subject to Revocation.

25. If Two or more Divisions shall make the above-mentioned Election at the same Time, the Persons so chosen shall act in Conjunction.

SECTION III. — Mode of

1. The ordinary Election of Delegate and Sub-delegate shall bfe on the Sitting next before tire first Thursday in each Calendar Month, at which Sitting no Visitor shall be admitted.

2. No Member shall be allowed to offer himself as a Candidate, nor to propose any other, nor solicit Votes for himself or another on Pain of Expulsion.

3. Every Member, except such as have served as ‘

Delegates for the Two preceding Months, such as have not been admitted a Fortnight, and such as are Members of any constituted Body, or excused by a previous Consent of the Division, shall be considered as eligible.

4. On the Evening of Election, each Member shall bring with him a Piece of Paper, on which shall be written the Name of the Member whom he willies to be the Dvk g.'te, and beneath that the Name and Number of t.ie Voter.

5. Such Vote shall be given to the President, without previous Communication to any other Member. \

6. Precil'ely at Nine o'CIcck, after which no Vote shall be received, the President shall read the Votes aloud; the Secretary ‘ shall enter in the Minute Book-the Names of all the Members nominated, and against each the Numbers of the Members who have voted for him.

7. The President shall read the Secretary's Entry aloud, and if no Error be discovered in it, shall declare whichever of the nominated Persons shall have the greatest Number of Votes to be the Delegate and the next greatest the Sub-delegate.

8. Upon any Equality of Votes, the Decision shall be by Lot.

9. The Election of Secretary and Assistant Secretary,

shall be on the same Night, and conduced in the same Manner.

10. Every Member, except the Delegate and Subdelegate, is eligible as Secretary or Assistant Secretary.

11. The Election of President and Vice President may be by open Nomination and Shew of Hands.

SECTION IF. — Duty of President and Vice President.

1. The Preservation of Order, though a Duty of every Member, is particularly so of the President.

2. He shall take especial Care to protect any Member from Interruption while speaking, provided such Member shall confine his Discourse to the Matter in question, and not exceed Ten Minutes in delivering it.

3. If any Member (thinking the President remiss) shall call another to Order, tha't Call shall not be repeated by any other Member. The President, if aware of the Reason of such Call, shall give his Opinion on the Point of Order; if not aware of any sufficient Reason for the Interruption, he shall require the Member calling to Order to explain his, Reasons.

4. The general Call of Silence is the exclusive Duty of the President; any other Member calling Silence is disorderly.

5. If he shall find it convenient he may, previous to putting any Question, recapitulate impartially the Arguments which have been offered on it; at which Time, and not before, he may give his own Opinion.

6. He shall take elpecial Care that the Members be satisfied, that the Monthly Account of the principal Treasurer contains a Receipt for as much Money as has been raised in the Divisipn or Divisions present.

7. Previous

150 Ma

A> 1799.

Report from Com. Secrecy

(OKllMUid.

7. Previous to quitting the Chair, he shall read the Minutes as entered by the Secretary, and sign them.

S. If any Part of them shall appear to him to be erro-neously entered, he shall notice the Impropriety in the Minute Book.

9. He shall, on no Account, continue in the Chair later than Eleven o'Clock, P. M.; after that Hour the Persons present are a private Company, and not a Division of this Society.

10. The Vice President shall be placed in that Part of the Room which is opposite to the President.

it. His Duty is to take Care that Members shall not be imperfectly acquainted with the Business in Agitation, in consequence of their being remote from the President, and that they shall not fall into private and disorderly Conversions.

S ECTI ON V. — Secretary, and Secretary.

1. The Secretary of each Division shall also be Trea-furer of the fame. He shall remain in Office (Miscon-dud: excepted) One Month, and be re-eligible.

2. He shall open the Business of each Meeting, by taking Election of a President and Vice President, for which Purpose he shall not wait longer than 15 Minutes after the appointed Time.

3. He shall then give the Minutes of the'last Meeting to the President to be read, including the former President's Objections, if any, and they shall then be adjusted.

4 He shall enter in the Minute Book every Motion which shall be made and seconded; also the Decision on it, with the Numbers of Votes both for and against.

5. He shall keep the Division and Supernumerary Books, and receive the Monthly Payments.

6. If any Member default in Payment, he shall give Notice of the fame, at the first Meeting after the first Thurl'day in each Calendar Month; and if no other Member is willing to call on the Defaulter, it shall be his Business.

7. After the President he shall sign all Resolutios of the Division, and all Certificates of Election.

8. All Certificates shall specify the Number of Votes as given. The Word unanimous shall never be used.

9. At the Meeting next before the Election of Delegate, the Secretary shall read a List of the Names of such Members as are ineligible by this Constitution; to which shall be added the Names of such Members as may give Reasons satisfactory to the Division for wish-ing to be excused (erving that Office.

10. If any Member shall default in Payment for One Month successively, without a Cause (atisfactory to the Division be assigned, the Secretary shall notice the Default opposite to his Name in the Minute Book, and his Number shall be given to thC next admitted Member.

11. If he cannot attend his Duty in his Division, he shall give Notice to the Assistant Secretary, and fend the Books to him or to the Division.

12. The Assistant -Secretary shall, to the utmost of his Power, alfift the Secretary in his Duty, particularly in calling on Defaulters.

13. When the Secretary is present in a Division, the Assistant Secretary shall act as Doorkeeper; the Duty of that Station is explained by Sect. II. Art. XI.

14. In the Able nee of Secretary or Assistant Secretary, the Meeting shall appoint another Doorkeeper.

15. In case of Removal or violent Dispersion of a Division, it shall be the Business of the Secretary and Assistant Secretary to give Notice to the Members of a new Place and Time of Meeting.

SECTION VI. — Delegate and Sub-delegate.

1. Every individual Delegate is the immediate Ser- yant of the Division which he represents, and his Functions cannot be annulled ,or suspended but by their

Consent, unless expelled the Society by Trial of Jury, agreeably to the XIth Section. *

2. While a Delegate he is not eligible to any other Station or Office, either by his Division or any constituted Body.

3. His Duty is to attend the Meeting of Delegates, andafiill in the Performance of their collective Duty, as hereafter described.

4. To attend his own Division duly, and faithfully to report Proceedings of the Committee of Delegates.

5. To compare the Account of the principal Trca-surer with that of the Treal'urer of his own Division, and to remark to his Division whether they agree or no.

6. On all Questions which, may occur in the Committee of Delegates, he shall vote according, to the Instructions of his Constituents.

7. On any Question which has not been difeufled and . decided by his Constituents, he shall vote according to his own Judgment for the interest of the Society.

8. If on any Question which his Constituents have decided, new Arguments should arise which he may think likely to change their Opinion, he shall have Liberty to vote for an Adjournment of One Week; subject however to the Judgment of the Division, whether his Doubts were real or fidtitious.

9. If he cannot attend the Meeting of Delegates, he shall give Notice as early as possible to the Sub-delegate.

10. The Sub-delegate having received such Notice, shall act as Delegate.

11. The Sub-idelegate shall always be admissible in the Committee of Delegates as a Vititor.

12. While present as a Visitor he must be silent, but may take Notes.

13. The Sub-delegate attending the Committee before the Delegate, though without Notice, shall act as Delegate for that Sitting, whenever the Delegate is more than Ten Minutes later than the appointed Time.

14. If the Delegate (houkl vacate his Seat, the Subdelegate shall succeed him for the Remainder of the Month, and another Sub-delegate shall be chosen.

SECTION VII. — The Committee of Delegates.

1. The Committee of Delegates is the Representative and Legislative Body of this Society.

2. Their Duty is indivisible, and the Representation shall not be impaired by any Appointment, either of lhemselves collectively or of any other conllituted Body, which may l'ubjedt the Members thereof to be abfient from their Meeting, or to be Parties concerned in any Subject under their Discussion.

3. Not left than Three Fourths of their whole Number shall be a Quorum, except in case of Persecution.

4. There shall be no Disparity or Dissimilitude between the Members, by Offices of Presidency or Secretaryship.

5. Every Committee of Delegates shall, on the last Thursday in each Calendar Month, elect Four Persons to serve the Offices of President, Vice President, Secretary, and Assistant Secretary, in the next ensuing Committee.

6. Members of the electing Committee are eligible as Officers of the ensuing, and Officers of electing shall be re-eligible.

7. This Election is their final Act collectively; individually they must report at the ensuing Meetings of their Constituents, which done, they invariably cease to be Delegates, and shall not be re eligible for Two l'uc-cceding Months.

8. The Duty of the Four Officers above-mentioned, is similar to those bearing the same Names in a Division; but they shall have no Vote in the Committee, nor give any Opinion, unless requested, except on Questions of Order.

9. After

1

y

39 Geo. III. 15° Mariii.

34 9

9. After forming the Committee, by receiving and entering their Certificates, they shall each be subject to Dismission, if the then present Committee should think proper to appoint others.

xo. The Entries in the Minute-book shall be signed at lead by Two of them, and the Minutes of each Meeting shall be read in the ensuing Meeting, and open to the Inspection of every individual Delegate.

11. In cale of any Persecution which may be brought on this Society, they shall provide a Place for the Meeting of Delegates, and give Notice thereof to as many Delegates as possible.

12. Such Meeting, not being fewer than One Third of the Delegates, shall have all the Power of a Committee of Delegates; but shall on no Pretence enlarge the Term of their Delegation.

13. The especial Object of such Meeting shall be to see that the Executive Powers are not negligent or dilatory in rallying the dispersed Divisions, and renewing a complete Representative Body.

14. The Duty of the Committee of Delegates, is to direct the Conduct of the Executive Powers, in all Matters which do not require Secrecy or Expedition.

15. To examine the Conduct of the Executive Powers, whether it be agreeable to their own Directions, or the Directions of any former Committee of Delegates.

16. If the Executive Power shall have done any Thing without -Consent of a Committee of Delegates, it shall, on Discovery, be the Business of the then Committee of Delegates to examine whether the Act was proper, and whether the Want of such Authority was justifiable by the Necessity of Secrecy or Dispatch.

17. Their Consent to any Thing proposed to be done, or their Approbation of any Thing which has been done by the Executive Powers, shall be to the latter a complete Justification, except such Consent or Approbation shall be obtained by Misrepresentation of Fadts.

18. They shall take special Notice of the Conduct of every individual Member, both of the Select Committee and the Council; and if they shall perceive any personal Opposition to prevail between any Two Members of those Bodies, they shall take the first Opportunity to remove them both, rather than endanger the spreading of Discord.

19. For the Purpose of electing Members of the Select Committee and Special Committees, they shall always have a complete Lift of the Names and Numbers of the Select Committee then exilting.

20. They may enter in their Minute Book Remarks on the Conduct, whether moral or political, of any Member of the Select Committee, or of the Council, or any Person eligible to those Stations.

21. If the Executive Powers, for the Purpose of obtaining their Approbation, shall communicate any Thing which a Majority of the Delegates shall approve as neccfi'ary to be secretly done, the whole Committee of Delegates are bound to Secrecy.

22. Their Election of One Third of the Council, and of the Select Committee, shall be conducted in the tame Manner as the Election of a Delegate.

SECTION VIII. — The Committee.

1. shall not exceed the Whole, nor be less than Half the Number of the Committee of Delegates.

2. Every individual Member of this Committee is the Servant of the whole Society, and not responsible to any particular Division. *

3. They shall, at‘their first In flit ution, be numbered by Lot, from One to the Number of their Total.

4. On the last Thursday in each Month One Third of them shall be put to the Vote of the Committee of Delegates, either to be re-elected or others appointed in their Place.

Viz. 1 ft Month, No.'1,4, 7, 10.land soon, adding 2d Ditto, No. 2,5, 8, 11. > 3 to the last

3d Ditto, No. 3,6,9, iz J Number, -Vo 1,. 34,

5. No Person shall he eligible who has not been a Report from

Member of this Society Three Months. Com. Secrecy

6. No Member shall be allowed to change his Num- cont'nM ' ,

ber. *

7. Their Appointments of Presidency or Secretary-ship shall be from their own Members, and at their own Discretion as to Permanence.

8. No Member of this Committee shall be admitted *

until he has answered in the Affirmative the following Question, which shall be put by the Officers of the Committee of Delegates: '

Do you promise that you will not the Station

which you are about to take in this Society, on Account of any Persecution which may be brought on it. That you will persevere in meeting the SeleEl Committee, and to the v.tmost of your Power encourage every other Member of this Society to fulfil the Duty of his respective Station?

THEIR OFFICE IS,

1. Preparatory, as they may be directed, either col-lectively, partially, or individually, by the Committee of Delegates, or the Council.

2. Referential, as to any Matter adopted by the Committee of Delegates, or the Council, or by both, which they may judge improper.

3. All inteaded Publications of this Society shall, previous to being printed, undergo their collective Examination.

4. One Third of their whole Number shall be a Quorum.

SECTION IX. — The Council.

1. shall be composed of One Treasurer, One principal Secretary, and not less than Four Assistant Secretaries.

2. They shall be numbered from One to their Total,

and re-eligible at the same Time and in the same Manner as the Scledl Committee.

3. The Treasurer shall, on the last Thursday in each Calendar Month, give to the Committee of Delegates a.

Monthly Account of the Total Sum which he shall have received from each Division in the Course of the Instant Month.

4. He shall also give to the Select Committee, at their Meeting next before the last Thursday in March, June, September, and December, a Quarterly Account of all Monies received by him on Account of this Society, and all Disbursements.

5. His Quarterly Account, with the Remarks of the Select Committee, if any, shall be laid before the Committee of Delegates on the last Thursday in March,

June, September, and December, to be by them examined, and reported to the Divisions.

6. The principal Secretary shall record all Laws which shall be made by this Society, which shall be printed Annually.

7. He shall prepare all miscellaneous Correspondence;

namely, all such as does not fall within the Department of one or other of the Assistant Secretaries, and all Copies of such Correspondence, for the Use of the Divisions. , 1

8. Each Assistant Secretary shall have his particular Department of Correspondence assigned to him.

9. As soon as any Letter is received, it shall be the Business of the Secretary, to whole Department it shall belong, to prepare an Answer.

10. The Draught of the Answer shall be first submitted to the Select Committee.

11. It shall next, with the Objections and proposed Amendments of the Scledl Committee, if any, be laid before the Committee of Delegates.

12. If the Committee of Delegates shall think necessary to order any Alterations, they shall signify the same in Writing, signed by Two of their Officers.

13. Every Member of the Council shall be really ac-

4 U quainted

350 150 Martii. . 1799.

Report from Coin. Secrecy continued.

quaintxd with every Transaction of this Society, however secret.

14. Each Member of the Council shall have a complete Lift of the Members of every Division of this Society, with their Residences, which Lift he shall deposit, to the best of his Judgment, in a Place of Safety.

15. Colledively, the Councils shall have a Power of Reference to the Divisions, as to any Proposal adopted by the Committee of Delegates, or Select Committee.

16. It shall be the Business of the Council to make Enquiry for proper Places for Divisidns to meet, and to recommend Transfers of Members for the Purpose of forming new Divisions, or {Lengthening such as may decay.

17. All Letters of this Society shall be signed at lead by Two of the Council, who shall also sign the Copy kept.

18. All Letters sent with Consent of the Delegates and Select Committee, shall Be signed " for the London Correfpohding Society." All Letters sent without such Consent, shall be signed " for the Council of " the London Corresponding Society."

19. No Letter shall be sent without previous Consent of the Council collectively, and not less than Two Thirds shall be a Quorum.

20. For any special Purpose they may require the Assistance of any Member of this Society, not being a Delegate or Sub-delegate.

SECTION X. — General Articles including Reference.

1. Every Proposal which shall be severally approved by a Majority of the Delegates of the Select Committee, and of the Council, shall be adopted and con-(idered as an Act of this Society, and remain in Force as such, until reminded either by the Concurrence of similar Majorities or by Reference to the Divisions.

2. The Concurrence of such Majorities shall be sufficient to degrade any Member of the Select Committee or of the Council, previous to the ordinary Period of Election; as shall also a Reference to the Divisions; provided always, that the Party objected to, shall have (rill Opportunity of exculpating himself.

3. The Concurrence of a Majority of each of the Three constituted Bodies, shall be sufficient to alter the Vth Article of the lid Section, by making the Number of Members required to form a Division more or less, provided there shall always be a Number ascertained, beyond which no Member shall be entered in any Division Book, and provided that the Number required for instituting a Division, shall always be One more than Half the Number at which a Division shall be accounted frill.

4. If it shall appear beneficial to the Society, to in-llitute a' new Division in a Place where a sufficient Number of Members cannot at first be obtained, or to continue an old Division, which may have decreased below the Number required, the constituted Bodies shall have Power, notwithstanding the Deficiency of Number, to make the usual Allowance -for Rent, &c. but not longer than Three Months, unless specially authorized by Reference to the Divisions; and provided there shall never be more than One Third of the whole Number of Divisions of this Description.

5. Not more than One Half of the Select Committee shall at any Time be detached on Special Committees, either by the Council or the Delegates.

6. Referred Questions shall never be accompanied by Deputations; they shall come in the same Form before each Division; namely, a Copy of the Question, and of such Remarks as the Parties concerned shall think proper to make on it.

7. The Remarks shall be in numbered Articles, free from Declamation or Panegyric.

8. On all Questions intended for Reference, each of the constituted Bodies shall have an Opportunity of

fending out its Remarks; but, for this Purpose, the Whole of them shall not be allowed longer than One Week.

9. If a Question be referred, at the Instance of an Individual, he shall provide as many Copies of tha Question, and of his own Remarks, as may be necessary to supply all the Divisions.

10. Any Individual providing such Copies, and demanding a Reference, shall not be denied.

11. If a Question be referred at the Instance of a Division. or by One or more of the constituted Bodies, the Copies shall be provided by the respective Secretaries.

12. The Report on a referred Question shall not be required in less than Two Weeks, from the Thursday on which the Copies of Question and Remarks, complete, shall have been given to the Delegates.

13. The Delegates having received such Copies, shall communicate them in the next Meeting of their respective Divisions. Each Division may then difculs the Question, but shall not decide it until the next Meeting at soonest.

14. No Member shall be allowed to speak on a referred Question, except in the Division of which he is a Member.

15. The Expences of all the constituted Bodies shall be paid from the General Stock.

SECTION XI. — Of A and Trial.

1. If any Member shall think another unworthy of being a Member of this Society, or that he has acted in any Degree improperly, he shall offer his Accusation -in Writing, signed by himself, in the Division of which the Accused is a Member.

I. Every Accusation shall (late the Law on which it is grounded.

3. If the Decision of the Division shall be in favour of the Accused, the Trial shall go ho farther; if not, the Accuser shall give a Statement of the same in Writing to the Delegate of his own Division, to be laid before the Committee of Delegates.

4. No Vote or Resolution touching any Matter of Accusation, shall pass in any Division, except that of the Accused (as mentioned in the lad Article) nor in any of the constituted Bodies.

5. The Delegates having received the Cafe, shall elect Four Persons, not of their own Body, nor of the Division or Divisions concerned, to act as President, Secretary, Vice President, and Allistant Secretary, in the ensuing Trial.

6. They shall also issue Notices to each Division, except those of which the Accuser or Accused are Members, mentioning the Time and Place of Trial, and the Four Persons whom they have appointed to superintend it, and requiring each of them' to return One Juryman.

7. Each Division shall return of its own Members One Juryman, by Lot; but none of the Four Persons appointed to superintend the Trial, nor any Member of any constituted Body, shall be returnable.

8. Every Juryman so drawn, and failing to attend at the appointed lime, shall forfeit Two Shillings and Six Pence, except in case of Sickness; as shall also each Superintendant.

9. The Superintendants shall, by Lot, take Twelve Names out of the whole Number present, who shall be the Jury for that Trial, unless the Accused object, which he may der to Four of them, but not more.

10. The Accuser and Accused shall each be allowed One Assistant, at their own Choice.

II. The President shall read the Accusation, and call on the Accuser to produce his Evidence. _

12. The Evidence on the Part of the Accuser being closed, the Accused may call his Evidence.

13. During the Time each Witness is giving his

Evidence,

L

39 Geo. III. 150 Mart it. 351

Evidence, he may be cross-examined by the Jury, the President, the Accused, the Accuser, or either of their Assistants.

14. The Evidence being closed, the Accused and his Assistant shall be allowed to comment on it, and make his Defence; but the Cross Examination shall be deemed sufficient on the Part of the Accuser.

15. If the President shall think proper, he may recapitulate the principal Points of the Evidence, and comment on them.

16. The Jury shall give their Verdidk in Writing, signed by all their Names.

17. If the Jury shall not, within Two Hours, agree that the: Accused is guilty, he shall be acquitted.

18. The Issue of the Trial shall be reported to the Committee of Delegates, and by them to the Divisions.

Appendix (N 3.)

LETTER for introducing Citizens Binns and John Gale Jones; dated Committee Room, March 1796; and signed J. Ashley, Secretary.

Citizens, Committee Room, March 1796.

THIS Letter is to introduce Citizens Binns and John Gale Jones to you, they being deputed by us to visit your Society. They will lay before you the Instructions we have given them for their Conduct, by which you will fee the principal Parts of our View of the common Object which unites us to you, and the other Societies in die Country. We hope they accord with your Sentiments; for we are persuaded that nothing is wanting to obtain such a Reform in Parliament as we demand, but a strict Union among those who are already convinced of its Necessity. We are not, however, to contemn or neglect those whose Interest, whose Passions, or whose Ignorance, have set them in Opposition to us. For the latter, those who are separated from us only by their positive Ignorance, we shall gain them Daily to our Side by a clear Statement of our Claims. The Proposition we maintain is so (imple, that no one can reject it who possesses even an ordinary Share of Understanding. The political Creeds which People are taught during their Childhood frequently warp their Minds; but in Britain, the first Article of the political Creed is, that every Individual who is subject to Government is represented, and has a Right to be repre-lented in the Legislature. We assert no more than that the Practice does not at present correspond with the Theory, and we claim no more than the Restitution of these our Rights; and it is this Fact of which we have to convince the Ignorantfor those who have partial Interests and Passions to gratify in the Continuance of Abuse, we mull contend with them firmly. If we can soften their Opposition, it is our Duty; and if we cannot, on their own Heads be the Guilt and the Effect. Citizens, let us redouble our Zeal. Indifference in any Cause belonging to Humanity is base, in this it is nothing less than Insanity. We recommend our Deputies to your Confidence, for we believe they are worthy of it.

Signed,

By Order of the Executive Committee,

Sec.

Appendix (N® 4.)

INSTRUCTIONS of the London Corresponding Society to Citizen John Gale Jones, deputed to visit the Societies of Birmingham, &c.

Citizen,

THIS Society having resolved that Deputies be lent to the several Societies ia. Correspondeace with us, in Vot. 54.

order to inform them accurately of the present State of the important Question agitated by them and us, and to consult with them on the moll effectual Means of v. — J convincing the People of this Country of the Necessity of a Reform in the Commons House of Parliament, we have chosen you to be among the Number of such Deputies, having a firm Confidence that you will conduct yourself so as to bring no just Reproach upon us your Constituents. To acquit ourselves, however, before the whole Nation in this momentous Concern, as well as the better to enable you to prosecute our legal and virtuous Purpose, we furnish you with the following Instructi'ons:

ill. On your Admission to a Society in Union with us, you shall deliver the Letter of Introdudlion given you herewith, and submit thele Instructions to their Perusal, in order that no improper Person, being either an ignorant Advocate of our Cause, or a base Pretender of, for mischievous Purposes may intrude himself upon such Society in our Name.

2dly. You shall precisely state to such Society, that the foie Object of our Association is a Reform in the Commons House of Parliament.

3<Ily. You shall infill that the only effectual, as well as only legitimate Mode of obtaining our common Object, is by convincing our Fellow Citizens of our natural and constitutional Right to such Reform, and of the Necessity of our obtaining it, to preserve the Nation from falling under the Yoke of an absolute Despotism; in so doing you cannot fail to draw the Nation over to our Side, and to leave the Enemies of Reform narrowed to the Circle of corrupt Ministers, and their rapacious Dependants.

4thly. You shall shew that the new Treason and Seditious Acts, whatever be the Character that will be stamped upon them by Posterity, have not taken away the Means of enlightening our Fellow Citizens on the above Subject, since under these Acts Citizens may assemble to the Number of Forty-nine in One Place, to converse in an orderly Manner on their, constitutional Rights, and therefore cannot be disturbed without a Violation of Law even as it Hands at present.

5thly. As the subtle Malice of our Enemies will endeavour to lead our Fellow Citizens from the peaceable Course which it yet becomes us to pursue, you shall invite the Society to guard against all Pevlbns who would introduce violent Proportions, or any illegal Measures.

6thly. It behoves you notwithstanding to convince the timid, that no Fears are to be entertained respecting the legal Consequences of the Information of Spies, since the Security of the Friends of Reform is in the Legality of their Object and Proceedings.

7thly. The Design of the above Articles is to remove Misapprehensions relative, to the Safety of our Alloci-ation under the new Laws. This Part of your Mission being effected, you are to strain every Power of your Mind to awaken the sleeping Spirit of Liberty; you are to call upon our Fellow Citizens to be ready with us to pursue our Common Object, if it must be, to the Scaffold, or rather (if our Enemies are desperate enough to bar up every Avenue to Enquiry and Discussion) to the Field, at the Hazard of Extermination, convinced that no Temper, less decided than this, will luffice to regain Liberty from a bold usurping Fadtion; but to the End that we may succeed by the irresistible Voice of the People, you are to excite in every Society the Desire which animates our Bosoms to embrace the Nation as Brethren, and the Resolution to bear every Repul (o' from Passion and Prejudice which fails to deprive us of the sure Grounds of Argument.

8thly. As the Whig Club have called upon the People toaffociate for the Repeal of the new Treason and Sedition Bills, without making any explicit Declaration of their Principles, we recommend you to caution the Society you visit, against every Attempt to divert their

Thoughts

352 15 0 Martii. . 1799 *

Rqiort from Thoughts from our ultimate Object to such temporary ant Subordinate Considerations.

C - M- _ 9thly. You shall, if called upon, aid the Society with your Advice in forming their internal Regulations, but by no Means shall attempt to impoie any Rule upon them, much less to intrude the particular rafts of K our Constitution, where local Considerations may make it prudent to adopt others.

lothly. You shall invite the Society to a close Correspondence with us, and to transmit to us a Monthly Report, containing their Numbers, and a concise Account of their leading Transactions.

nthly. You shall invite the Society to take the Name of the United Corresponding Society of Birmingham, and to adopt our Regulations as far as may be consistent with their particular Convenience or Situation.

12thly. This Society being involved in great Expences, and being in actual Arrear, you shall in an open and manly Manner invite the Society to contribute to the Expence of the Deputation according to their Ability, and to transmit their Contributions through your Hands to our Secretary.

13thly. You shall write to us immediately after your first Interview with the Society, and at least Once a Week afterwards, and if any Thing should occur to which these Instructions do not apply, you shall write to us Specially on the Suj>jedt. In a Word, you are always to reflect, that you are wrestling with the Enemies ' of the human Race, not for yourself merely, for you may not fee the full Day of Liberty, but for the Child hanging at the Breast; and that the Question whether the next Generation shall be free or not, may greatly depend on the Wisdom and Integrity of your Conduct in the generous Million which you and your fellow Deputies now take upon yourselves. '

I4thly. The Society of Birmingham, &c. being numerous, you shall concert Measures with the Secretary for convening the Members in Divisions, consisting of Forty-nine each; and you shall on no Account meet more than Forty-nine Members at One Time.

i^thly. As our Letters have been frequently intercepted by our Enemies, before your Departure from London you shall learn of the Citizen Secretary the Place to which you shall direct your Letters, and shall establish with the Society a proper Channel for corresponding with us.

i6thly. You shall keep a Journal of your Proceedings in the Discharge of this Duty, and shall present the same to this Committee on your Return.

Citizens,

While you recommend a legal Conduct to the Society, we solemnly call upon you to be yourself the Example of Sobriety in Conversation and Manners.

By Order of the Executive Committee,

John , Seer,

Appendix, (N° 5.)

Copy of HAND BILL distributed by Henry Fellows, at Maidstone.

To the British Army.

COMRADES, are we not Men? Is it not high Time we should prove we know ourselves to be such ? Are we any where respected as Men, and why are we not ? Have not wrong Notions of Discipline led us to our present delpifed Condition ? Is there a Man among us who docs not wish to defend his Country', and who would not willingly do it without being subject to the Insolence and Cruelty of effeminate Puppies? Were not the Sailors like us mocked for Want of Thought,

though not so much despised for Poverty as we are?

I lave they not proved that they can think and act for themselves, and preserv every useful Point of Discipline full as well or better than when under the Tyranny of their Officers ? What makes this Difference between a Commissioned Officer and a Private or Non-commissioned ? Are they better Men ? You mull laugh at the Thought. Do they know Discipline half so well as our Serjeants ? Don't they owe their Promotions to their Connections with Placemen and Pensioners, and a mock Parliament which pretends to represent the People? When we think of the People, ought not each of us to think of a Father or a Brother as Part of them? Can you think a Parliament speaking like Fathers and Brothers would treat us as we are treated ? Would they mock us with a pretended Addition to our Pay, and then lock us up in Barracks to cheat us and keep us in Ignorance ? Would they not rather, considering the Price of every Thing wanting for our Families, at least double our Pay ? Why is every Regiment harafied with long Marches from one End of the Country to the other, but to keep them Strangers to the People and to each other ? Are we so well clothed as Soldiers used to be ? Aik the old Pensioners of Chelsea College, whether Horse or Foot ? Aik them too, if it was uiiial, when there were fewer Regiments, for Colonels to make a Profit out of Soldiers Clothes ? Don't Colonels now draw Half their Income from what we ought to have, but of which we are robbed ? THESE, COMRADES, are a few of our Grievances, and but a few. WHAT SHALL WE DO' ? The Tyranny of what is fallely called Discipline prevents us from acting like other Men. We cannot join in a Petition for that which common Honesty would freely have given us long ago. WE HAVE ONLY TWO CHOICES; either to submit to the present Impositions, or demand the Treatment proper for Men. THE POWER IS ALL OUR OWN. The Regiments which fend you this are willing to do their Part: They will shew their Countrymen they can be Soldiers without being Slaves, and will make their Demands as soon as they know you will not draw the Trigger against them. Of this we will judge, when we know you have distributed this Bill not only among your Comrades, but to every Soldier whom you know in every Part of the Country. BE SOBER, BE READY.

Appendix, (N° 6.)

Copy of LETTER taken amongst John Bone's

Papers.

[Direction obliterated.]

Citizen,

I RECEIVED your Parcel with the Regulations, &c. and am oblige to you for fending the Ulster Address, as I think it will be productive to our Cause, for they seem to meet the Aprobatioa of the Cit" here, particularly the Irish Soldiers in this Town. I have disposed of them all, and shall be glad of 100 more, with 50 Boniparte's Address, and 50 Duke of Richmond's Letter, with l'ome Tickets, and charge the Publications to me, and I will fee you paid or return them, but I will do my Endeavours to fell them. Cit", I mentioned in my last Week's Report for you to charge Regulations, Tickets, and Mag" to the Maidstone Society, but you have put them in Wratten's Bill, wich I requested you to send to get the Money for; likewise the Society's Bill, wich I hope will be able to do next Week. Cit", with respect to Payne's Agrarian Justice, it met the Approbation of those I have converted with about it, and think it does win them to our Cause. You may lend 50 of them if you plcale, and I will dispose of them if 1 can or fend them back. With respect to the 7 Dozen of 9 Mag"

30 Geo. III. 15" Martit. 353

Mag", I forgot to mention in the last Week's, but it is a Mistake in Beck's Letter, for we do not want any, for they do not go of here, that is the Reason we fend 7 Dozen back.

Report of the Divisions:

Div 39. — 20 present: No new Members.

Div 38. — -40 present: D®.

The refer' Motion in the Report, Negative.

P. S. Direct in future to H. Fellows, at Mr. Ben-fiet's, Stone S', and not as before, for they will not come to Hand if you do.

Nothing particular since our last. With respect to other Div" , we have not been able to fumish them with Tiefts, &c. but you shall here when we do.

Maidstone, Health knd Fraternity,

Monday Night. K

Appendix, (N® 7.)

Copy of PAPERS found upon Richard Fuiler , for the Seduction of the Soldiery.

N° 1. — Soldiers of Great Britain.

Brothers, and Fellow Citizens,

WE the People of Great Britain, your Friends, your Countrymen, and your Fellow Creatures, desire you for One Minute to lay aside the Bayonet and the Musquet, and to behave like Men. Sheathe the Sword of Murder! Cease to be Assassins of your Kind! Embrace us as your Brethren! and let the Tranquillity of Reason succeed the Hurricane of War!

We require you to consider us as your Friends, and then you will listen with Attention. Our Country is bleeding at every Pore! Already scourged by the Furies of Ambition, (he faints with the Anguish, and (hrinks with Horror, left the uplifted Lalh of Tyranny should fall into a Wound already lacerated to the Bone. Our Provisions have been transported to Foreign Countries, and our Husbandmen have been seduced from the Plough, to be beaten by their Officers, and starve beneath a Knapsack. Where the Cottage once welcomed the free Peasant to his Evening's Rest, the Barrack now imprisons the hungry Victim of Military Law. Our bravest Heroes languish beneath the Scourge, are tortured by the Iron which pierces the tender Foot, and shot like Dogs, to satiate the Cruelty of their Masters. The Freedom of Nature is drilled into Slavery by Torture and Oppression, and the Military Tyrants of the Day <rect their infamous Court Martials upon the Life and Felicity of Man.

Come then; you as well as the People have your Sufferings, and we are all Brothers in Distress! Why should we increase our Miseries by becoming Foes? We are all Men ! We all have Feeling! We all have a Country ! Alas! why should those be hostile to each other, whose Nature, Country, and Misfortunes, are the fame. Nature and Necessity call upon us to enlist under the same Banner of Liberty, and to inrol ourselves as Comrades in the grand Contest for Reform.

It is the Practice of Tyrants to separate you from your Brothers and your Country, to lock you up in Barracks from our Conversation, and to point your Bayonets at our Bosoms as though we were your Foes. Let this auspicious Age be the last in which Military Laws shall fever Man from Man, and make the Soldier the Murderer rather than the Protector of his Country. Let us shake Hands, and the Union will be the Origin of Liberty, and Liberty will give the Soldier a Home, where a Friend and a Family shall succeed to a Barrack and a Tyrant. You have Six Pence per Day for Cloaths, Vox. 54.

Food, and Expences; and out of this you are to find all Things necessary for the Existence of Man; you have COn tin 1

nothing of your own; even the common Heritage of w"y' Nature, personal Liberty, is not yours; you are tied up like Dogs; the Lalh sharpened with cruel Knots lays bare your very Bones; the Spike runs through the Sole of your Foot, makes the suspended Wretch writhe and howl with Agony. These are the Rewards of your Loyalty! and these the Blessings which attend the Service of a K---!!! Let not the Dignity of the Man,

or the Honour of the Soldier, be starved like a Beast, or whipt like a Slave; exerciseyour Reason; put on the Uniform of Liberty; make use alone of the Arms of Justice, and let the Soldier be united to the Man!

The Years of Freedom approach — the Halcyon Epoch of Liberty draws near — Philosophy erects the Stand of Happiness, and the Nations of the Earth unite beneath its Shade. Nature is preparing a Feast upon the Ruins of Tyranny, and invites all the Universe to partake of the Banquet. Will you, Soldiers, refuse her Gifts, and turn ungrateful from the Feast? Will you desert the Colours beneath which your Brethren unanimously unite, and mutiny against the Dictates of your Hearts?

Is it your Duty to obey your--, or yourself? Con '

fult your own Feelings, and do not violate the Oath which Truth imprints upon the Heart — unite with the Oppressed against the Oppreflor, and terminate the Yeas of Oppression. Whether you shoot your Fellow Creatures under the Impulse of private Resentment, or whether you obey the Nod of a Tyrant, and massacre us by Thousands, the Guilt is the fame; you are convicted of Murder! and Nature herself accuses you at the Bar of Social Justice. Be Murderers no longer — follow no more the starving Practices of Military Assassins — Let Soldiers protect the Rights of Citizens, and Citizens will avenge the Wrongs of Soldiers !

In short, if you with to fag and labour your Lives away without Comfort, to linger in a half-starved Existence, the Slaves of Cruelty and Engines of Murder and Oppression — If you v.ifh, when old Age has stolen away your Strength, to have your tottering Limbs want a Bed to repose on, and to be whipt from Parish to Parish as a Vagrant, then kiss the Hand that scourge you, and be the Means of enslaving the Country that has nursed you in its Bosom; but if you wish to enjoy the Blessings of Life and Liberty, to have a Competency prepared for your Age in Return for the Labours of your Youth — If you have the least Regard for Mankind pr yourselves, make your Musquets the Means of Peace, and your Swords the just Defence of your Country' Liberty.

N 2.

WHEREAS

It is notorious, that certain wicked and malicious Persons, not having the Fear of God before their Eyes, but being moved and instigated by the Devil, have from Time immemorial infefted, and do still infeft, the greatest Part of the World, to the utter Subversion of the

RIGHTS Of MAN,

and the total Overthrow of Civil and Religious Liberty,' and instead of those glorious Blessings, introducing, wherever they have prevailed, an infernai System of Terror, Slavery, and Oppression, with all their attendant Evils of Poverty and Famine, of Fraud, Robbery, Murder, and Suicide, likewise hastening and augmenting every other Misery incident to Human Nature.

To put in Force the above System, and give the fullest Effect to the Evils inseparable from it, they have frequent Recourse to enormous Taxation, Armies of ignorant and unprincipled Savages, Bribery and Corruption, Places and Pensions, Axes and Gibbets, Bastiles and Banishment, Spies and Informers, with a cruel and rigorous Suppression of ever)' Attempt to diffuse Instruc-

4 X tion

354.

1 5 Martii. . A. 1799.

Report from tion, and cherish the Dawnings of Reason; to enlighten , C«SC)r the People, and rouse them to a Sense of their Impor-w. — p tance and their Rights; likewise with additional Cruelty employing a Band of mercenary Priests (called National Clergy) to rivet the Fetters of Ignorance, by inculcating among other Superstitions the Doctrine of Non-resistance and passive Obedience, and pronouncing eternal Damnation on Disobedience to the languinary Mandates of

T Y R A N S.

vain! how weak and imbecile, when opposed to Nation brave and unanimous, that wills to be free.

FELLOW CITIZENS! BRETHREN!

We hail you with Vows of Health and Fraternity t UNITE! PERSEVERE! AND BE FREE!

Appendix, (N° 8.)

AND WHEREAS it is notorious that this Banditti arrogate to themselves Titles which the Light of Nature, and that Divine Philanthropist, the illustrious Founder of the Christian Religion, declare can only be applied without Blalphemy to the Deity himself, who alone is the moll high and mighty Prince, mofit puifiant Prince, dread Sovereign, moll sacred, most excellent, and most gracious Majesty. likewise adding Folly and Abfur-dity to their daring Impiety, they are passionately fond of being called by a Variety of Nicknames, and are often mad to Distraction for childish Playthings, which they imagine give Dignity to their odious Persons, and excite Wonder and Awe in the Minds of the Ignorant.

Another Trait of their Character is their unbearable Insolence to their supposed Inferiors, demanding Honours which in Reality belong to no created Being (much less to the vilest Monsters ever created) and requiring the moll abject Submission to their tyrannical Pleasure. likewise continually insulting the People with a Profession of scornful and humiliating Epithets, such as Subjects, Slaves, Mobs, Swinish Multitude, Vulgar Rabble, Base Wretches, Raggamuffins, Sans-Culottes, Acquitted Felons, &c. &c.

likewise walling many precious Lives, and much Property of the People, to import Luxuries from every Clime for the Gratification of their depraved Appetites, while the above " Swinish Multitude" are cruelly denied a little clean Straw and a few wholesome Acorns.

Again, the Disposition of these incarnate Fiends is manifell in a horrid Thirll for Blood and Delight in Slaughter. Peace and Tranquillity they view with Red-fell Hate, and banish from their Courts with Oaths of eternal Separation. The Sights which afford them the great ell Pleasure and Satisfaction are the dreadful Glare of murderous Steel, blazing Towns, and Fields covered with Slain, Rivers of smoking Crimson, and the once smiling Garden of Plenty exhibiting Scenes of Desolation and Famine.

Their greedy Ear drinks in like harmonious Music the hollile Roaring of the brazen Trumpet, the impatient Clashing of the Inltruments of Death, the Groans of the Dying, the Shrieks of Widows, and the Cries of Orphans. Hence it ceases to ajlonish us when we hear of plundering terrejlrial Paradises, of exterminating their Millions of inof-

fenfive Inhabitants, and re-peopling with other Millions torn

from their native Shores. Hence we hear of the Murder of 'Thirty Thousand Men in cold Blood-, at another Time, Twenty-seven Thousand Five Hundred Men, and Three Thousand Women and Children, of a brave and virtuous People, falling beneath the Sword of a sacred and fainted Empress. And hence we have heard from a Tyrant more sanguinary fill, of fiarving Twenty-five Millions firuggling

for Liberty.

PRODIGIOUS, NAMELESS WICKEDNESS!!!

These are your Gods! Ye Advocates for K — s.

Fellow Citizens.

Do not your Bosoms swell with Indignation? Are you not resolved to crulh these Serpents, and rid yourselves and Mankind for ever of the worll of Plagues? Let them exhibit the glittering Magic of their usurped Authority; let them threaten to crulh us with their Frown; let them plead their divine hereditary Right, % nd issue their pompous Proclamations. Alas 1 how a

ADDRESS from United Britons to United irishmetv Fellow Men,

ANXIOUS to dissipate those Prejudices which a. millaken and interested Policy of Opinion, from being held by the People of England and Ireland, we in the Name of the former, with whose Sentiments we are acquainted, and whose Confidence we possess, declare that we will, by every possible Means, promote the Emancipation of both Countries. To forward this great Object we offer you our Confidence, and in Return demand yours.

Though labouring under the Yoke of the same Oppression, the Siller Countries have been differently treated. Ireland has always been the Object of diredfc and open Violence, England of Fraud: Ireland has been robbed, England has been cheated. By one uniform Plan, Division has been carried on in both. Sacrificed as Ireland has been to the Ambition of England, the Idea of her being treated as- a free Country wras too gross to be obtruded upon the meanell Understanding. But England, whose Avarice was flattered by the despicable Lure of exclusive Trade, greedily swallowed the Bait. She was taught to believe that Riches flowed upon her, while Poverty was l'ecretly insinuating itself into her Vitals. Amidst mock Contentions for Liberty, and real ones for Plunder, (lie vainly imagined herself free, and was thereby induced to pay the interell of a Debt of greater Amount than the Value of the whole landed Property of the Country, without reflecting that Bankruptcy, however late, must be the Consequence of an overstretched Credit. That Bankruptcy has arrived. The religious Difiensions between Catholic and Protestant in Ireland, whose Opinions admit of a real Distinction, and the Party Squabbles between Whig and Tory in England, whose political ones admit of none, were assiduously fomented. The People differed about a Shadow till they loll the Substance. The Plan of Oppression was systematically directed throughout both Countries to the same Object, though in apparent Opposition. In Ireland, Re-' venue was only raised to be lavished in unmerited Pensions, without the Insult of pretended national Ad-« vantage. In England, the Veil of Fraud was necessary to cheat the People of large Sums under the plausible Pretext of public Necessity. The undil-guised Oppressions of Ireland, by rendering Subiiltence precarious to the Poor/ have made her a constant Hotbed for the Subtleties of Tyranny; but in England, occasional Crops could only be raised, when the Flame of War unusually force the Soil. oThis marked Distinction in the Treatment of the Countries, has produced as marked a Difference in the Characters of the Two Nations. Ireland has acquired that of manly Openness, England that of mean Disguise. England, though abused with Forms, has never been without sincere Friends to substantial Liberty. Among them a Number of dark and designing CharaClers have- always intended, and their Conduct has furnished such a Tissue of Apoltacy, that general Apathy had nearly succeeded general Diltrult. Various political Societies have been instituted for the Purpose of Reform, but of those, few could boast Purity of Principles or Integrity of Leaders. Formerly Richmond headed the Votaries of Universal Suffrage,. Fox those of Repre-fentation by Householders, and Pitt those who wiftied

to

39 Geo. IIL

to disfranchise the corrupt Boroughs, to throw their Proportion of Representation into the Countries: But these have vanished. The Society of the Friends of the People, and for Constitutional Knowledge, have discontinued their Exertions. The London Corresponding and other Societies in Union with it have arisen upon their Ruins; and as universal Good is the Basis, we doubt not, but supported by Numbers and Principles, they will not be wanting in the Hour of Danger.

The Irish, always an heroic People, have, during the American War, become an armed Nation. They took up Arms for Defence, and undertook the Cause of Reform for Security. England likewise engaged in the Cause of Reform, but her Efforts were weak, as (he had not endured sufficient to convince her of the Necessity of Union. The Efforts of a Number of eminent Persons in both Countries, in the Cause of Freedom, were inefficient, because Prejudice yet prevailed, and more were not yet awakened to their just Rights and true Interests. The Apostacy of several Leaders in the public Cause, added to the famous Coalition, smothered for a long Time the Flame of Liberty, till the French Resolution again fanned its dying Embers int'o a Glow, which we hope and trust will never be extinguished.

The Conduct of the Two Countries on this important Event displayed a striking Contraft. Ireland; who by her Arms had extorted from the English Gor vernment some Fragments of her Rights, seemed ready in the same Manner to demand the Rest. England also formed Societies whose Object was Emancipation; but alas ! they over-rated its Forced

The Bills in Ireland, the Treason and Sedition Bills in England,' and their Consequences in both Countries, need hardly be mentioned. On the People they brought Chains, on the Government irreconcilable Hatred. One good Effect has however resulted from mutual Sufferings and mutual Commiseration; the Prejudice of Nations is done away, and the English burn with Desire to hail the Irish as Freemen and as Brethren.

Our Numbers are immense, our Influence (till more considerable, and our Sentiments accord with yours; we are unthinned by the Tyranny of the Law or the Sword; 'tis true we have had our Fears and our Jea-Joufies; Spies and Informers have been introduced amongst us; but all those have served only to point out more clearly the Men who are worthy of Trust; and in these, whether rich or poor, we have the highest Confidence.

Our Delegate is intruded to lay before you our whole Proceedings; we therefore decline entering into Particulars in the present Address. We have reposed . Confidence in you, and shall expect such a Return as you may think our Integrity and Talents deserve. We doubt not but you will, with us, fee the Propriety of establishing unlimited Confidence, or declining our Interference as fruitless. Should yWu think our Situation, our Influence, and our Opportunities, calculated to serve the common Cause, rely upon our Diligence, Zeal, and our Fidelity. With best Wifties for the Amelioration of the Condition of Man, and Hopes that your Exertions and Virtues, aided by an united People, will speedily emancipate your Country, we remain, in the Bonds of

Brotherhood and Union,

Your's Fraternally.

Friday, January 5th, 1798., (Seal.)

Vo t. 54.

355 .

Appendix, (N° 9.) Report front

Com.Srcrcqr

ADDRESS of the London Corresponding Society to the Irish Nation.

" What are Fifty, nay a Thousand Slaves " To the Nerve of a single Arm " That strikes for Liberty."

Brave and Suffering Nation,

THE London Corresponding Society, animated by the Desire of promoting universal Liberty, and alive to the general Interests of Humanity, have beheld with inexpressible Regret the enormous Cruelties which have with Impunity been practised in every Corner of your devoted Countiy. Jealous of the Honour of the Community of which we are Members, and feeling for the Dignity of the British Character, we deem it our Duty to address and assure you, whatever Atrocities may have been committed by misguided Men, or however the Sentiments of the People of this Country may have been represented by interested ones, there are few in Britain who do not (hudder with Horror at a Recital of the Sufferings of the Irish People.

Did we read that in any Foreign Country, or at any remote Period of Antiquity, the Governors of a populous and civilized Kingdom had laid waste with Fire and Sword large Tracts of Land, had murdered the innocent Traveller on the Road, had turned Women in the Agonies of Childbirth naked into the Fields at Midnight, there to behold with additional Pangs their little all consumed by the Flames which Persecution had kindled, and their dearest Relatives murdered by sanguinary Malice, whilst others were tortured at the Will of a licensed Banditti; did we read of those Cruelties, and that they were exercised upon -bels, but under the Pretext of preventing , we

should (hut the Book with Horror, and execrate the guilty Perpetrators as Monsters for whose Atrocities Language had not a Name. Yet much do we fear, that when the Historian of Ireland shall pen the History of the present Times, he will, in obedience to Truth, be necessitated to fainits Pages with Crimes equal to any we have conjedtured. Has not popular Privilege upon all Occasions been obliged to bow the obedient Head, and bend the suppliant Knee, to the imperious Behefls of Prerogative ? Has not every Barrier between Privilege and Prerogative been overthrown by Power, or overwhelmed by Corruption ? Have not thy Laws been perverted ? thy penal Statutes extended to Acts to which Justice cannot attach Criminality?

Have not Juries been packed, threatened, and intoxicated ? Have not Judges received, and caused to be executed, Verdicts where Malice and Prejudice have been proved ? Have not Witnesses been permitted to give Evidence, whose Perjuries were open and manifest ? In fine, has not Justice, and the Forms of Justice, nay even Decency, been disregarded ? And why has all this Inhumanity, this savage Barbarity, been committed. " Because," say your Governors, " some " Men formed Societies, calling themselves United " Irishmen, who swore in the 1110ft solemn Manner to " persevere in endeavouring to form a Brotherhood " tion among Irishmen of every religious Perfuafon, for the " Purpose of effecting Reforms which we do not think " expedient."

These are the Crimes of which you are accused, and to support these Accusations, Fire, Torture, and Death, are to ravage the once peaceful-Plains of Ireland.

If to with for that happy Union of Mankind, when their religious Opinions shall be no Obstacle to the Performance of their moral Duties, be criminal. We also are guilty; and if to unite in the Cause of Reform upon the broadejl Basis be 'Treason, Ws with You are Traitors,

We

150 Mar til.

15® Mar Hi. A. 1799.

Report from Com. Secrecy continued.

We cannot (Thanks to our more enlightened Englifti Juries) pursue the Analogy further. For though hireling Spies and Informers have attempted the Lives of some of our Members, their Efforts were rendered ineffectual by the virtuous Integrity of those to whom their Country had entrusted their Condemnation or Acquittal.

Your Injuries have made a deep Impression upon our Minds, from a Consideration that as our Fellow Men in Ireland live under the same Form of Government, and are in FACT governed by the Men, we entertain the well-grounded Fear that what has been done in Ireland may be done in Britain. This we are confirmed in when we compare the fyjlematic Exactness between the Measures formerly pursued in Ireland, and those now pursuing in Great Britain. Among you, religious Dissentions have been fomented, among us, the Seeds of Distrust have been scattered. But as is commonly the Fate of bad Men, their Measures have recoiled upon themselves; they have strengthened the Bond of Union among you, till " neither Hopes, Fears, Rewar, or Punishments, shall

" ever induce" you to forego it, and they have enabled

Us so clearly to discern the genuine Friends of Liberty, that no Fineffe, no Glitter of counterfeit Patriotism, can dazzle our Eyes or mislead our Judgment.

Penal Statutes have been multiplied against us as well as against you, and those Rights hitherto held most sacred have been attacked; yet have we not ceased from our Exertions: we have persevered, and we will persevere, though Military Law be proclaimed, and Trial by Jury suspended. Tis true, we cannot boast of our Sufferings with equal Propriety; but if Circumstances shall place us in a like Situation, we trust we shall not be found inferior in Virtue to the People of Ireland. You have borne individual Wrong "With unparalleled Patience and Forbearance; with a View to promote collective Happiness, you have convinced the World that you possels passive Courage to a great Extent; and should the omnipotent Voice of Weceffity call upon you to exert it aElively, doubt not but you will evince that you possess it in as eminent a Degree.

We embrace the present Opportunity of appealing to our armed Countrymen in Ireland. ,' We

have with the deepest Concern learned, that you have, on some Occasions, been induced to violate that Humanity which has heretofore characterized British Soldiers. We conjure you by the Love you bear your Country, and by the Affection you feel for your Relatives, and by every Thing that is dear to Man, to forbear committing any Outrage, however you may be promised Protection therein; we entreat you, if you value the National Honour of Great Britain, or the Reputation of her Arms, to disgrace not the one or fully the other by Acts of Cruelty or Brutality. Remember, Britons, that were it possible for you to de-fcend so vilely low as to become the Agents of enslaving Ireland, and were it possible for you to succeed therein, her Inhabitants may be made the Instruments of subjugating the Liberties of your Country. If you massacre the Irish, will not the Irish in some Measure be justified in retaliating upon the British. If good Offices demand congenial Returns, % does not of-Jenfive Cruelty palliate defensive Barbarity; But why should we predict Calamities which we hope will never happen; you will, we trust, behave with the manly Firmness of British. Soldiers, not the desperate Fury of Freebooters and Assassins; such Conduct will endear you to your Relatives and Friends, by convincing them that their Happiness is dear to you; it will restore Peace and Liberty to Ireland, and consequently to Great Britain.

generous. Gallant Nation.

May the present Addrefc convince you how truly

we sympathise in all your Sufferings, and how much we should be gratified at being able to alleviate them. — May Nations be instructed by your Example, to mark the wily Schemes by which Governors induce a People to barter away their Liberty, under an Idea of prefenring present Quiet; May they learn that "existing " Circumstances" have been the Watchword of Despotism in all Ages and in all Countries; and that when a People once permits Government to violate the genuine Principles of Liberty, Encroachment will be grafted upon Encroachment; Evil will grow upon Evil; Violation will follow Violation; and Power will engender Power, till the Liberties of all will be held at the despotic Command of a Tyrant or Tyrants, who-will soon throw away even the Mask of Law, and un-disguisedly violate what they for a while politically seemed to respect and venerate.

May your Governors be warned by historic Experience, and learn, that Governments are made for the People, and not the People for Governments; that the Voice of God is always to be gathered from the congregated Will of His rational Creatures; that the just Revenge of a People is ever proportionated to the Injuries which they have re; that the irritated Feelings of the Injured cannot always be repressed; that Forbearance beyond a certain Point becomes Cowardice; that a courageous People may be driven to Despair; and finally, that an unanimous, an united Nation, never can rebel.

In thy Behalf, oh Ireland! do we supplicate th© great Author of Nature! May he look with Companion upon thy Miseries 1 May he wipe away th© falling Tear from the Cheek of Affliction ! May he be a " Father to the Fatherlels," and a Friend to him who has none to help him ! May he strengthen the Feeble, invigorate the Weak, encourage the Timid, unite th© disunited, energife the Virtuous, enervate the Vicious, paralyfe the Efforts of the Wicked, and crown with.' Success the Struggles of the Brave and Valiant; ultimately we beseech Him to inspire you with that undaunted Courage and Perseverance which is essential to the Attainment and Security of rational Freedom; that Freedom without which Life is only a miserable Existence, and Death a happy Release from Bondage.

Signed in Name, and by Order of the London Corresponding Society.

R. T. CROSFIELD

President.

Committee Room, London, 30th January 1798.

THO8 EVANS,

Secretary.'

Appendix, (N° 10.)

Address of the Secret Committee of England to the Executive Directory of France.

1

" Health and Fraternity.

Citizen Directors,

WE are called together on the Wing of the Moment to communicate to you our Sentiments. The Citizen who now presents them to you, and who was the Bearer of them before, having but a few Hours tp remain in Town, expect not a laboured Address from us; but Plainness is the great Characteriftic of Republicans.

Affairs are now drawing to a great and awful Crisis; Tyranny, (haken to its Basis, seems about to be buried in its own Ruins. With the Tyranny of England, that of all Europe mult fall. Haste then, great Nation 1 pour forth thy gigantic Force! Let the base Del pot feel thine avenging Stroke, and let One oppressed Nation carol forth the Praises of France at the Altar of Liberty.

We with Rapture your Proclamations, they met

wr

o

39 Geo. III. 150 Martii.

357

our warmest Withes, and removed Doubts from the Minds of Millions. Go on ! Englishmen will be ready to second your Efforts.

The System of borrowing, which has hitherto enabled our Tyrants to disturb the Peace of a whole World, is at an End; they have tried to raise aKind of forced Loan — it has failed !Every Tax diminilhes that Revenue it was

intended to augment, and the voluntary Contributions produce almost nothing. The Aristocracy pay their Taxes under that Mask; the poor Workmen in large Manufactories have been, forced to contribute under the Threat of being turned out of Employ; even the Army have been called upon to give a Portion of their Pay to carry on the War — by far the greatest Part have peremptorily refused to contribute to so base a Purpose, and the Few that have complied have in general been cajoled, or reluctantly compelled to it.

Englishmen are no longer blind to their most facj-ed Claims; no longer are they the Dupes of an imaginary Constitution; every Day they fee themselves bereft of some Part of the poor Fragment of Democracy they have hitherto enjoyed, and they find that in order to pofl'efs a Constitution they muff make one.

Parliamentary Declaimers have been the Bane of oiir Freedom. National Plunder was the Object of every FaClion, and it was the Interest of each to keep the People in the Dark; but the Dclulion is pafl! the Government has pulled off its Dilf uile, and the very Men who, under the Semblance of moderate Reform, only wished to climb into Power, are now glad to fall into the Ranks of the People. Yes, they have fallen into the Ranks, and there they mull for ever remain, for Englishmen can never place Confidence in them.

Already have the English fraternized with the Irish and Scots, and a Delegate from each now fits with us. The sacred Flame of Liberty is rekindled, the holy Obligation of Brotherhood is received with Enthusiasm; even in the Fleets and the Armies it makes some Progress — DisaffeClion prevails in both, and united Britain burns to break her Chains.

Fortunately we have no Leader; Avarice and Cowardice have pervaded the Rich, but we are not therefore the less united. Some few of the Opulent have indeed by Speeches, professed themselves the Friends of Democracy, but they have not acted; they have considered themselves as distinct from the People, and the People wiii, in it's Turn, consider their Claims to its Favour as unjust and frivolous. They wish, perhaps, to place us in the Front of the Battle, that, unfup-ported by the Wealth they enjoy, w>e may perish, w'hen they may hope to rife upon our Ruin. But let them be told, though we may fall through their criminal Neglect, they can never hope to rule, and that Englishmen, once free, will not submit to a few political Import ures.

United as we are, we now only wait with Impatience to lee the Hero of Italy, and the brave Veterans of the great Nation. Myriads will hail their Arrival with Shouts of Joy; they will soon finish the glorious Campaign ! Tyranny will vanish from the Face of the Earth, and, crowned with Laurel, the invincible Army of France will return to its native Country, there long to enjoy the well-earned Praise of a grateful World, whose Freedom they have purchased with their Blood.

6th Pluviolc, (L. S.)

A. R. P. G. 6.

Appendix, (N° 11.)

COPY of a Form of Oath found in Thomas Evans's Pocket, proposed for the United Englishmen.

I — — do truly and finccrcly engage to defend my Country, should Necessity require; for which Purpose - Vol. 54.

am willing to join the Society of True Britons, to learn the Use of Arms, in order that equal Rights and Laws should be established and defended.

Appendix, (N° 12!)

COPY of a Form of Oath found on the Floor of the George, St. John Street, Clerkenwell.

IN the awful Presence of God, I B. do voluntarily declare, That I will persevere in endeavouring to forma Brotherhood of Affection among Englishmen of every religious Persuasion; and that I will also persevere in my Endeavours to obtain an equal, full, and adequate Representation of r.!l the People of England.

I do further declare, that neither Hopes, Fears, Rewards, or Punishments, shall ever induce me, directly or indirectly, to inform or give Evidence against: any Member or Members of this or similar Societies, for any Act or Expression of theirs done or made, col-ledlively or individually, in or out of this Society, in pursuance of the Spirit of this Obligation.

Sp help me GOD.

Appendix, (N813.)

The Declarations, Resolutions, and Constitution of the Societies of United Englishmen.

DECLARATION AND RESOLUTIONS.

IN the present jEra of Reform, when unjust Governmentsare falling in every Quarter of Europe; when religious Persecution is compelled to adjure herTyranny over Confidence; when the Rights of Men are ascertained in Theory, and that Theory substantiated by Practice; when Antiquity can no longer defend absurd and oppressive Forms, against the common Sense and common Interests of Mankind; when all Governments are acknowledged to originate from the People, and to be so far only obligatory, as they protect their Rights and promote their Welfare: — We think it our Duty, as Englishmen, to come forward, and slate what we feel to be our heavy Grievance, and what we know to be its effectual Remedy.

We have no National Government. — We are ruled by Individuals, whose Instrument is Corruption, and whose Strength is the Weakness of the People; and these Men have the Whole of the Power and Patronage of the Country, as Means to seduce and subdue the Honesty of her Representatives in the Legislature. Such an extrinsic Power, acting with uniform Force, in a Direction too frequently opposite to the true Line of our obvious Interests, can be refilled with Effect solely by Unanimity, Decision, and Spirit in the People. — Qualities which may be exerted most legally, constitutionally, and elficaciously, by that great Measure, essential to the Prosperity and Freedom of England — An equal Representation of all the People in Parliament.

We do not here mention as Grievances the Corruption publicly practised in both Houses of Parliament; nor the notorious Infamy of Borough Traffic in both; not that we are insensible of their Enormity, but that we consider them as but Symptoms of that mortal Disease which corrodes the Vitals of our Constitution, and leaves to the People, in their own Government, but the Shadow of a Name.

Impressed with these Sentiments, we have agreed to form an Association, to be called The Society of United Englishmen: and we do pledge ourselves to our Country, and mutually to each other, that we will steadily sup-

Eort, and endeavour by all due Means to carry into ffedl, the following Resolutions:

4 Y First —

Report from Coin. Secrecy

CQMlfUUd.

150 Martii.

A. 1799.

Import from 'First — Resolved — That the Weight of corrupt In-

C°con^u?dJ f tience in the Government of this Country is so great, as

to require a cordial Union among all the People OF England, to maintain that Balance which is essential to the Preservation of our Liberties.

Second — That the foie Confiitutional Mode^by which this Influence can be opposed, is by a complete and radical Reform of the Representation of the People in

PARLtAMENT.

Third — That no Reform is practicable

or just, ivhieh shall not include Englishmen of every religious Persuasion.

Satisfied, as we are, that the intestine Divisions among Englishmen, have too often given Encouragement and Impunity to profligate, audacious, and corrupt Administrations, in Mcai'ures, which, but for these Divisions, they durst not have attempted — We submit our Resolutions to the Nation, as the Basis of our political Faith.

We have gone to what we conceive to be the Root of the Evil — we have Rated what we conceive to be the Remedy. — With a Parliament thus reformed, every Thing is ealy. — without it nothing can be done; — And we do call on, and most earncflly exhort our Countrymen in general, to follow our Example, and to form similar Societies in every Quarter of the Kingdom, for the Promotion of confiitutional Knowledge, the Abolition of Bigotry in Religion and Politics, and the equal Distribution of the Rights of Man, throughout all Sects' and Denominations of Englishmen. The People, when thus collected, will feel their own Weight, and secure that Power which Theory has already admitted as their Portion, and to which, if they be not aroused by their present Provocations to vindicate it, they deserve to forfeit their Pretensions for ever.

THE Society of United Englishmen, ardently desiring, that the unawed, unhired, and honest Part of the Community, should become One great Society United Englishmen, are of Opinion, that a general Code of Regulations is absolutely necessary Ho acc that important End. For this Ptirpo/'e,they have, after mature Deliberation, adopted the followingConflitution and To ft, the Adoption is necessary for fitch Societies as wish to enter into Communication and Correspondence with those already

It is earnefly recommended to Societies, to establish a ronial Committee in a central Part of each Barony, or such ether Disiricl as may be thought proper, for the Purpose of correfpomling with each other, by Deputation or otherwise. The Societies of each Barony to be numbered according to Seniority, and the Number of Members to be returned to the Secretary of the Baronial Committee Quarterly.

Neiv Societies should be established by a Deputation from an old one, who are to fee a Secretary appointed, and -ed according to the Secretaries' Tejl.

The Blanks in the confiitutional Code are to be filled up agreeably to the Opinion and Convenience of each Society.

Constitution.

1 ft. THIS Society is constituted for the<Purpose of forwarding a Brotherhood of Affection, a Communion of Rights, and an Union of Power among Englishmen of EVERY RELIGIOUS PERSUASION; and thereby to obtain a complete Reform in the Legislature, founded on the Principles of civil, political, and religious Liberty.

2d. The Members of this Society shall either be ordinary or honorary, and shall not be limited to any Description of Men, but to extend to all Persons who may be deemed eligible.

3d. Every Candidate for Admission into this Society fit all be propoi'ed by One Member, and seconded by another, both of whom shall vouch for his Character and Principles, and whose Names shall be entered in the Books of the Society. The Candidate to be ballotted for on the Society's subsequent Meeting, and if

One of the Beans be black, he shall

Hand rejected.

4th. As a Fund is necessary, the better to carry into Effect the Purposes of this Alfiociation, each Member, on his Admission, shall pay to the Society the Sum of

and per Month while

he shall continue a Member.

3th. The Officers of this Society shall be a Secretary and Treasurer, who shall be appointed by Ballot, every Three Months, viz. on every First Meeting in November, February, May, and August.

6th. This Society, in Manner aforesaid, shall appoint Two Members, who, with the Secretary, shall act for the Society in a Baronial Committee, which Members shall receive on each Night

of their Attendance on said Committee.

7th. This Society shall, in Manner aforesaid, appoint Members, who, with the Treasurer, shall form a Committee of Finance, See.

8th. At the Request of either Committees, or any Members signing a Requisition, the Secre tary, or, if he shall be absent, the Treasurer, shall call an Extra' Meeting of the Society.

9th. This Society shall meet in ordinary, every Second Evening, at o'Clock, the Pre-

fident to be chosen by a Majority of the Members pre-fe'nt, of whom shall be a Quorum.

10th. Every Respect and Deference shall be paid to the Chairman. On his rising from his Seat and taking off his Hat, there shall be Silence, and the Members seated. He shall be the Judge of Order and Propriety: shall grant Leave of Absence at Pleasure: shall not enter into Debate. If any Member behave improperly he is empowered to direct an Apology, or, if refractory, fine him in any Sum not exceeding and on Refusal to do as directed, he shall therefore be expelled the Society for

nth. No Member shall speak more than Twice to One Question, without J>eave from the Chairman.

12th. Every Person elected a Member of this Society, whether ordinary or honorary, shall, previous to his Admission, take the following Test, in a separate Apartment, in the Presence of the Persons who proposed and seconded him, and One Member appointed by the Chairman; or, in case of Absence of One of the Two Persons, the Chairman shall appoint another Member to act for the Absentee; after which the new Member shall be brought intq the Body of the Society, and there take the Test in the usual Form.

TEST.

" In the awful Presence of God, I, A. B. do voluntarily declare, That I will persevere in endeavouring " to form a Brotherhood of Affection among Englishmen of every religious Persuasion; and that I will " also persevere in my Endeavours to obtain an equal,

" full, and adequate Representation of all the People " of England.

" I do further declare. That neither Hopes, Fears,

" Rewards, or Punishments, shall ever induce me, di-" redtly or indirectly, to inform or give Evidence against " any Member or Members of this or similar Societies, . " for any Act or Expression of theirs, done or made collectively or individually, in or out of this Society,

" in pursuance of the Spirit of this Obligation."

13th. A Member of any other acknowledged Society being introduced to this Society by a Member, shall, upon producing a Certificate signed by the Secretary, and sealed with the Seal of the Society to which he may belong, and taking the foregoing Tell, be admitted to attend the Sittings of this Society.

14th. No Member shall have a Certificate but by applying to the Committee, who shall not grant it unless the Member is leaving his Place of Residence, which Certificate shall be lodged with the Secretary on his Return.

15th. When

39 Geo. III. 150 Martii.

359

15th. When this Society shall amount to the Number of Thirty-six Members, it shall be equally divided by Lot; that is, the Names of all the Members shall be put into a Hat or Box; the Secretary or Treasurer shall draw out Eighteen individually, which Eighteen shall be considered the Senior Society, and the remaining Eighteen the Junior, who shall apply to the Baronial Committee, through the Delegates of the Senior Society, for a Number, and that this Division shall take place only in the Months of October, January, April, and July. The Fund shall also be equally divided.

16th. That no Society shall be recognized by any Committee, unless approving of, and taking the Tell, and amounting in Number to Seven Members.

Provincial Committees. Report from-

Com. Secrecy

1 ft. When Two or more Counties shall have County Committees, Three Persons shall be elected by Ballot from each, to form a Provincial Committee (for Three Months).

2d. Delegates from County Committees in other Provinces will be received, if such Province do not contain Two County Committees.

National Committee.

That when Two Provincial Committees are formed, they shall elect Five Persons from each, by Ballot, to form a National Committee.

Societies in Country Places to divide as may best suit their local Situation.

Order of Business at Meetings.

1 ft.New Members read Declaration and during which Subscriptions t'o be collected.

2 d.New Members take the all Members funding and uncovered.

% d. Minutes of preceding Meeting read.

4th. Reports of Committees received.

th. Communications called for.

6th. Candidates ballottedfor.

]th. Candidates proposed.

8///. Motions made and determined.

gth. Place and Time of next Meeting appointed.

constitution of committees, AS ADOPTED the

10 OF MAY. 1

BARONIAL COMMITTEES.

1 ft. When any Barony or other District shall contain Three or more Societies, Three Persons from each shall be elected by Ballot, conformable to the Sixth Article, to form a Baronial Committee (for Three Months); their Names to be returned to the Secretary of the Senior Society, who shall request a Deputation from the nearest Baronial Committee to constitute a Committee for the said Barony or other District.

2d. When any Barony or District shall contain Eight Societies, they may form another Committee, to be called the Second Committee of said Barony or District, provided each contain Three or more Societies.

3d. Baronial Committees shall receive Delegates from Societies of a contiguous Barony, provided said Barony do not contain Three Societies.

4th. That the Baronial Committee shall correspond with Societies or Individuals who have subscribed the Declaration, and taken the Test of the present aflo-ciated Societies.

5th. That all Questions shall be determined by a Majority of the Members present.'

6th. That the Baronial Committee being regularly summoned, the One Third of its Members shall be deemed a Quorum, and capable of proceeding to Business.

7th. That any Business originating in any individual Society, shall, at the Instance of such Societies Delegates, be by the Baronial Committee laid before the other Societies.

County Committees.

1 ft. When any County shall contain Three or more Baronial Committees, Two Persons shall be elected by Ballot from each Baronial Committee to form a County Committee (for Three Months).

2d. County Committees shall receive Delegates from Baronial Committees of adjacent Counties, if said Counties do not contain Three Baronial Co^imittees.

Vol. 54.

Societies first Meetings in November, February, May; and August, to be on or before the 5th. Baronial Committees on or before the 8th. County Committees on or before the 25th of the above Months.

Baronial, County, and Provincial Committees, shall meet at least Once in every Month, and report to their Constituents.

Names of Committee Men should not be known by any Person but by those who elect them.

Test for Secretaries of Societies or Committees.

" In the awful Presence of God, I, B. do voluntarily declare, that, as long as I shall hold the Office of Secretary to this I will, to the ut-

most of my Power, faithfully discharge the Duties thereof. That all Papers or Documents received by me, as Secretary, I will in Safety keep; I will not give any of them, or any Copy or Copies of them to any Person or Persons, Members or others, but by a Vote of this and that I will,

: at the Expiration of my Secretaryship, deliver up to ! this all such Papers as may be then in my

[ Possession."

Certificate.

Society of the United Englishmen of

" I HEREBY certify, that A. B. has been duly elected, and, having taken the Test provided in the ‘ Constitution, has been admitted a Member of this ‘ Society."

t

Appendix, (N# 14.)

Copy of T E S T to be used by the Soldiers.

I, A. B. do swear not to obey the Colonel, but the People, not the Officers, but the Committee of United Englishmen, then fitting in England, Ireland, and Scotland, and to assist with Arms, as far as lies in my Power, to establish a Republican Form of Government in this Country, and others, and to assist the French on their landing to free this Country.

So help me GOD *

Appendix, (N° 15.)

RESOLUTIONS and CONSTITUTION of the

Society of United Scotsmen.

IN the present Age, when Knowledge is making rapid Strides among Mankind, and neighbouring Nations have been under the Necessity of meliorating their Condition, owing to the Stubbomness and Perfidy of the Governments under which they lived, by despising and rejecting the reiterated and just Calls of the People for Reform; — it becomes us, as Friends to Peace and good Order, at the present awful Crisis, when we are

engaged

360 150 Martii. 1799 *

Report from Com. Secrecy continued,

engaged in an unprecedented bloody and expensive War, to investigate with Calmness and Deliberation into the System of our own Government, on Purpose to discover its Errors and Defects; so that whatever Abuses may exist, they may be rectified by a timely Reform, and the like Calamities which have befallen a neighbouring Nation may be prevented.

Conscious of the Rectitude of our Association and Intentions, and regardless of the Threats of the venal and interested, we will enquire into our Grievances with a determined and manly Freedom, knowing that we have no other Object in view, but the Peace and Happiness of our native Country. Possessing such Ideas, we cannot but exclaim with Astonishment, What a Multitude of Ages have Mankind been kept in complete Ignorance with rel'ped to their natural 'Rights ! — Rights of which no Association of Men have a Power to deprive them, whatever foolish Titles they may alfume. Was the Human Race created with reasoning Faculties by the Supreme Being, for no other Purpose than to be possessed and made 'Tools by corrupt Governments, for the Destruction of their own Species ? No. — It was for a more noble End.

We disdain the Principles of corrupt Courtiers and their Satellites, who propagate such nefarious Doctrine. Mankind are naturally Friends to each other; and it is only the Corruptions and Abuses in Governments that make them Enemies.

We profess ourselves Friends to Mankind, of whatever Nation or Religion. National and Party Distinctions have been created and supported by tyrannic Men, on Purpose to maintain their unjust Usurpations over the People.

We will alk any unprejudiced Person, if the People in Britain are fairly, fully, or 'equally represented ? Have the People in general any Controul or Concern in the Election of Magistrates in the different Boroughs in Scotland ? Are Clergymen, in many Parts of Scotland, forced on the People against their Inclination ? Are there any Intricacies or Inequalities in Law Procedure that could be rectified ? We decline enumerating many other Abuses, all of which could be removed by a timely and radical Reform in the House of Commons.

We abhor and detest all Riots and Tumults. Our Armour shall be Reason and Truth, which we will not fiverve from on any Account. Our whole Aim is to procure Annual Parliaments and Universal Suffrage. Till this is done, we declare to the World, that we will never desist till we procure this our national Right, the Want of which is probably the Source of all our national Grievances.

Impressed with these Sentiments, we have collectively and individually agreed to form an Association to be called THE UNITED SCOTSMEN} and we do pledge ourselves to our Country, and mutually to each other, to carry into Effect, by all just Means, the following

Resolution:

A.n equal Representation of all the People in Parliament.

Constitution.

1. This Society is constituted for the Purpose of forwarding a Brotherhood of Affection, a Communion of Rights, and an Union of Power, among Britons of every Description, — for the Purpose of obtaining a complete Reform in the Legislature, founded on the Principles of civil, political, and religious Liberty.

2. Tire Members of this Society, shall not be confined to any Description of Men, but extended to all Persons who may be deemed eligible.

3. Every Candidate for Admission into this Society shall be proposed by one Member, and seconded by

another; both of whom shall vouch for his Character and Principles, and be ballotted for, before he can be admitted a Member.

4. Each Member shall pay not less than Six Pence on entering the Society; and not less than Three Pence per Month, during his Continuance in the said Society.

5. The One Half of the Income to be paid into the Hands of the Secret Committee, -the other Half to defray Expences of Delegates attending their Duty in different Committees.

6. The Officers of this Society, shall be a Secretary and Treasurer, who shall be chosen by Ballot, and continue in Office Two Months.

7. No Member shall speak more than Twice to one Question, without Leave from the Chairman, whom he shall address, standing.

8. A Presidcrit to be chosen by Ballot each Meeting, whose Business it shall be to keep Order, and not to enter into Debate.

9. When any Society amounts to Sixteen Members, they shall divide into Two Societies, the new Society taking along with them a Secretary properly constituted.

Parochial Committees.

1. When any Parish or District shall contain Three Societies, Two Persons from each shall be appointed, by Ballot, to form a Parochial Committee, one of whom shall go out each Month, and another ballotted for.

2. When any Parish or District shall contain Ten Societies, they shall divide into a Second Committee of said Parish.

3. Parochial Committees shall receive Delegates from Societies of a neighbouring Parish, providing'said Parish does not contain Three Societies.

4. That all Questions shall be determined by a Majority of the Members present. None to fit in the Committee but Delegates.

5. That any Business originating in any Society shall, at the Instance of such Society's Delegates, be, by the Parochial, laid before the other Societies.

County Committees.

1. When any Town or County contains Three or more Parochial Committees, they shall elect Two Persons from each to form a County Committee.

2. When any County shall contain Twelve Paro-chials, it shall divide into a Second Committee of said County.

3. County Committees shall receive Delegates from Parochials of adjacent Counties, if said County does not contain Three Parochial Committees.

Provincial Committees.

0

1. When any Province contains Three County Committees, they shall elect Two from each to form a Provincial Committee.

2. Provincial Committees shall receive Delegates from adjacent Provinces, if said Provinces do not contain Three County Committees.

3. Every Provincial Committee shall fend not leis than Two Delegates to the Supreme National Committee.

National Committee.

The National Committee shall elect a Secret Committee of Seven Members, all residing in or near the Place where the National holds its Sittings; Two of them to go out by Rotation each National Meeting, and Two others elected in their Place.

Ordinary

39 Geo. III.

150 Martti.

% 6t

Ordinary Business at Meetings.

1. President elected.

2. Reports of Delegates received *

3. Communications called for,

4. Candidates voted for.

5. Motions 'made and determined.

6. Time and Place of next Meeting appointed.

Plan or Discipline.

That there shall be a Committee of Three elected out of every Society, consisting of the Secretary and Two of the Members, chosen for the following Purposes; namely, to receive such Persons as have been approved by the Society, and to admonish Members who have behaved improperly.

Test for Members.

In the awful Presence of GOD, I, do volun-

tarily declare, that I will persevere in endeavouring to form a Brotherhood of Affection amongst Britons of every Description; and that I will also persevere in my Endeavours to obtain an equal, full, and adequate Representation of all the People in Great Britain: I do further declare, that whatever Misfortunes may befal any Member or Members of this or similar Societies, in legally pursuing the Objects of this Union, I will esteem it my Duty to suppdrt them lawfully, to the utmost of my Ability. So help me GOD.

Test for Secretary.

In the awful Presence of GOD, I, A. B. do voluntarily declare, that as long as I shall hold the Office of Secretary to this I will, to the utmost

of my Abilities, faithfully discharge the Duties thereof.

That all Papers or Documents, received by me as Secretary, I will in Safety keep r I will not give any of them, or any Copy or Copies of them, to any Person or Persons, Members or others, but by a Vote of this and that I will, at the Expiration of my Secretaryship, deliver up to this all such Papers as may be then in my Possession. So help me GOD.

Test of Secrecy.

In the awful Presence of GOD, I, A. B. do declare, that neither Hopes, Fears, Rewards, or Punishments, shall ever induce me, directly or indirectly, to inform or give any Evidence against any Member or Members of this or similar Societies, for any Act or Expression of theirs, done or made collectively or individually, in or out of this Society, in pursuance of the Spirit of this Obligation. So help me GOD.

Appendix, (N® 16.)

ADDRESS distributed by Martin Dunnovan at

Gosport.

An Irishman's Address to his Fellow Countrymen ' in England.

Irishmen !

ARE you dead to the Sufferings of your devoted Country ? Is her Prosperity become indifferent to you, because the Oppression of her Government has forced you to seek for Bread in a Foreign Country ? No! you answer, we love Ireland as we love our Lives, and are willing to serve her upon all Occasions. The fertile Plains of Ireland produce Corn plentifully, and nourith Cattle in Abundance; yet the Poor, from the Oppression of the Rich, are deprived of the Means of providing Subsistence, and driven by hard Necessity to seek Support in a Country where they are upbraided with their

Vol. 54.

Poverty, and obliged to labour ahnoft uhc'eafingly. Your Condition may with Propriety be compared with the Israelites of old: They were in Bondage, and compelled to perform themost laborious and degrading Employments that their Taskmasters, the Egyptians, thought proper to impose. You are Slaves in a Land which boasts of Liberty, and your Country is enslaved by the Agents of England! In Ireland, Government protects only Spies and Informers, and those, who with themselves oppress the Inhabitants. To be an Irishman, to love Irilhmen, and to unite with Irilhmen, are Crimes for which our Countrymen are daily dragged from their Families, and thrown into cold, damp Dungeons, where, if they do not perith from the Cruelty of their Treatment, they are lent to unwholesome Climates, where no Vigour or Strength of Constitution can prelcrve them: In short. Murder, Rapine, and Plunder, are pradtiied with Impunity in every Corner of our unfortunate Country. I rejoice to fee you are sensible of your Country's Wrongs — The labouring Sigh with which your generous Bosom seems ready to burst; and the big Tear which rolls down your manly Cheek, difphy your Detcitation of such horrid Oppressions. But let us not be for ever weeping and lamenting, and for ever submitting to lick the Foot which is upraited to trample on our dearest Rights. No, my loved Countrymen, Indignation shall glow in our Bosoms, and the Injuries we suffer shall fan the Flame till it burst into active Revenge. — If Revenge be not a Virtue. Injustice is not a Crime. Oh! degraded, injured, and insulted Ireland! whole Towns are plundered — whole Villages are burned — whose Sons are butchered — whose Daughters are violated — and whose Infants pine for Want of the Protection of their Parents. Oh! ever-to-be-lamented Stain upon the national Honour of Irilhmen, who are now unable to protect their Women (dear to them as their Existence) from the brutal Lull of British Fencibles. Oh! unhappy Country, where an Attachment to Liberty, Vntue, and Morality, ispunished as the most criminal of Vices; and where an Adherence to Tyranny, Injustice, and Lihu-rfianity, is rewarded as the most virtuous of Addons. Awake to a just Sense of your Injuries — Arouse from your Torpor — Join the Bands of your Countrymen — Lay aside your Party Distinctions of Leinster Men and Munster Men — Lay aside your religious Differences of Catholic and Protestant, and embrace every Lrilhman as your Friend and your Brother. Conlult together, read this little Paper among your Neighbours, and never forget the Duty you owe to the Country that gave you Birth, and nourished your infant Years; associate with each other in a " Bond of Brotherhood and Union;" be bold; be courageous; act firmly; act like Irilhmen, and you will do Honour to yourfeives, and assist in the Emancipation of your suffering Country'. Then shall we return to the Land of Hibernia, where Peace and Plenty shall give Happiness to all. — Then shall Ireland be blessed with a free Government, which will administer equal justice to the Poor and to the Rich; and then shall be equally protected the Rights and L berries of all the People of Ireland. — Finaily, when our Country is emancipated, we shall enjoy Comfort and Happiness in our native Land, and boast that we have not been idle in promoting universal Liberty.

Appendix, (N° 17.)

ABSTRACT of Proceedings at a Court Martial, held on board His Majesty's Ship Royal William, at Spithead, on the 20th, 21ft, 22d, and 23d of June, 1797.

Captain the Honourable Thomas Packenham,

President, who, with Twelve other Captains, com-

poled the Court.

THIS Court was assembled for the Trial of William Guthry, James Callaway, Thomas Allily, Robert John-

4 - Ion,

Report froni Com. Secrecy continued.

t

15 Martiu A. 1799.

Report from . son, and John Davis, Seamen belonging to His Majesty't Com ^secrecy Pompee, Captain James Vaffion, for making, and

con, mu, endeavouring to make, mutinous Assemblies on board the said Ship; and for inducing, by various Artifices and Threats, a Part of her Crew to be true to them, and to aid them in carrying their unlawful Deligns into Execution; and John Broghan, Seaman also of the said Ship, for being present at thele Meetings, and uling also mutinous and threatening Speeches to a Part of the Crew. Captain Valhon, of the Pompee, Prosecutor, proceeded to examine his Evidence in support of the Charges. The First called in was a Seaman, named Peter Dallimore; the Second was Dr. Josiah Packwood, Surgeon of the Ship, who produced a Piece of Paper that had been found among the Prisoner Johnson's Things, when they were examined in the Captain's Cabin. The Paper was as follows:

" I to ever Hand true till Death in pro-

* moting the Caule of Freedom with Equity, while ' any Probability furtheringits Progress remain." This Paper was read by Callaway to Peter Dallimore, tvhen he, and the other Prisoners, told him that their Object was to obtain an immediate Peace on the Return of the Ship to Port. They then swore him in — " To Hand " true to the Ship's Company, and not to divulge the " Secret to any of the Officers." Callaway held the Book, and with Johnson repeated the Words of the Oath, which ended with " So help me God."

All the other Evidence went clearly and decidedly to confirm the Charges, but particularly that of James Addison, Seaman. His Evidence dilplayed much Loyalty, having not only admonished the Prisoners on the Impropriety of their Conduct, when they asked him if he wanted a Peace, and which they laid could not be obtained without dismissing the Ministers; but he drew up Two Papers to be read to the Crew, to counteract their illegal and mutinous Deligns.

It also appeared, in the Course of the Examinations, that Broghan had declared he would hang every one who did not sign the Paper drawn up by the Mutineers for the DifmilTal of Ministers, and for the Attainment of Peace. Some of the Mutineers had, it seems, expressed an Intention of carrying the Ship into a French Port.

The Efforts of the Mutineers were, in a great Degree, however, counteracted by the Zeal and Loyalty of a Serjeant of Marines (named West,) who, with the Assistance of a few of the loyal Seamen, swore all the Marines to be true to their Officers.

The Court, after hearing all the Evidence, both in support of the Prosecution and in favour of the Prisoners, as well as the Defence they had to offer, passed Sentence of Death on William Guthry, James Callaway, Thomas Alhly, and Robert Johnson, the Charges being proved against them; but recommended Guthry and Callaway to Mercy on account of former good Characters: Acquitted Davis, and sentenced John Broghan to one Twelve Months solitary Confinement in the Marshalsea.

Appendix, (N# 18.)

ABSTRACT of Proceedings at a Court Martial held on board His Majesty's Ship Cambridge, in Hamoaze, between the 16th and 23d August, 1798 (Sunday excepted.)

Captain Thomas Totty, President, who with Eight other Captains composed the Court.

THIS Court was assembled for the Trial of Bartholomew Duff, Lawrence Buckley, Michael Butler, John Divine, John Difmond, James Cluney, James Mahar, John Matier, William Cotter, Dennis Hilfry, Robert McGee, John Clafe, John MeGan, Edward. Leonard,

2r

Guille Brille, Thomas Burke, Michael Doyle, Henry M'Clennon, Thomas Short, John Rusty, Martin Ricly, and Patrick Hangling, then or late of the Caesar.

The Eight first as Ringleaders, and the remaining Fourteen as Aiders and Abettors, in making mutinous Assemblies on board the said Ship. — The Oath administered by these Mutineers to the Crew was, " To be " United Irilhmen, equal to their Brethren in Ireland,

" and to have nothing to do with the King or His " Government." — The Sign among the United Irilhmen was to put the Right Hand upon the Left Breast.

— The Answer, to seize the Right Hand with the Left. —

It appeared in the Evidence, that they intended to

murder the Officers, to seize the Ship, and to carry her

to France or Ireland. The Prisoner Duff gave some of

the People to understand, that he had received Letters

from Ireland, telling him that they were to receive

every Assistance from France, and that Buonaparte was

soon to be in Ireland. — Edward Brophy, a Marine, who

had belonged to the Caesar, sent the annexed Paper to MarIte< 1 )

Captain Home, containing the Names of Eight leading

Mutineers, with Bartholomew Duff at the Head; and

of Forty-eight, being suspicious Characters, and constantly in Duffs Company.

In the Evidence against Butler it appeared, that he had at different Times said, that there ought to be a Catholic Government in Ireland; that the Protestants should be expelled; and that the English had no Right to be there: He also wished to be in Ireland to assist in the Rebellion, and to recover the Title and Estate of Ormond, of which he said his Family had been unjustly deprived by the English. — Butler, also it appeared, had declared, that he should never die easy till he swam in English Blood. — There was Evidence equally strong against other of the Prisoners, and the Court, after having heard the Defence the Prisoners had to offer, feri-tenced Duff, Buckley, Butler, Difmond, Mahar, and Cotter, to suffer Death; Divine and Cluney to 500 Lashes each, and to be mulcted of all their Pay, and the Remainder to be acquitted.

[ Paper A, ]

As I Edward Brophy, Marine, who lately belonged to His Majesty's Ship Caesar, who have been permitted by R. Home, Esq; who holds that honourable Poll as Captain of the said Ship, whereas he has allowed me so far as to be an Evidence to convict the Conspirators, and to bring the said Plot to Light, which has been carried on for some Time against our King and Country, when I am put on my Oath nothing shall be wanting to bring every Thing to Light to the best of Knowledge.

Bartholomew Duff,' John Difman,

Wm Cotter,

James Maher,

Law Buckley,

Wm Burke,

Mich1 Butler,

Mich1 Fitzgerald. w

Those Persons I can give Evidence to be Leaders of the Plot that was carried on on board H is Majesty's Sh ip Caesar.

The undermentioned Persons I can give Evidence as being suspicious People, and continually being in Duff's. Company, and the above-mentioned Names;

Andrew Broghall,

W" M Guire,

Patt. Purcell,

W" Ivory, .

Pat. Gannon,

Martin Riely,

Tho Jones,

Jn° King,

Sol" Harrington,

W Costley,

Sam1

39 Geo. III.

Sam Dowly, la Clooney,

H. Kingston,

Jn° M'Donald,

R. Davis,

Jo Butler,

Geo. Newby,

Farrel Conway,

Pat. O'Bryan,

Geo. Cordolley,

Edward M'Namara,

Owen Kearns,

Thomas Carroll,

Tho Montgomery,

John Ricoz, a Frenchman. Owen Keenan,

John Byrne,

Bryan Cannon,

Owen Carty,

Timothy Cronen,

Paul Condon,

Andrew Neale,

James Hannagan,

Thomas Dempfy,

John Mahony.

150 Mar tit. 353

All the Evidence clearly shewed the Guilt of the Prisoners in a greater or lesser Degree, and the Court having heard what they had to offer in their Defence, passed Sentence of Death on Brady, Lindfejf, Hopkins, Mahane, Dunn, Jourdaine, Cannon, Reed, Derbyshire, Ryan, Callaghan, Kenneday, Laffin, Devoy, M'Guire, Hoare, Swinney, Kelly, and M'Laughlin. — But in Confederation of some Circumstances, Hopkins, Mahane, Dunn, Jourdaine, Cannon, Devoy, M'Guire, and Hoare, were recommended by the Court for Mercy, on Condition of Transportation, &c.

Moor and Lawless were sentenced to receive 200 Lathes each, and One Year's solitary Confinement in the Marshalsea. MeCarty and Foy were sentenced to receive too Lathes each, and Six Months solitary Confinement. Hynes was sentenced to One Year's solitary Confinement, and Donally was acquitted.

Report from Com. bccrecf

CDUtWUtd.

-V — J

Appendix (N° 20.)

ABSTRACT of Proceedings at a Court Martial held on board His Majesty's Ship Cambridge, in Hamoaze, from the id to the 9th October 1798 inclusive (except Sunday.)

Vice Admiral Sir A. Gardner, President, who with Twelve Captains composed the Court.

MARINES,

P. Hanlan,

Rob M'Gec, John Close,

Morris M Garr, Edward Leonard, Dennis Kilfey, John Rufiy,

John M'Tier, John McGarr,

Ja Morrison, John Lacey.

Appendix (N° 19.)

ABSTRACT of Proceedings at a Court Martial held on board His Majesty's Ship Gladiator, in Portsmouth Harbour, between the 8th and 14th of September 1798 (Sunday excepted.)

Captain John Holloway, President, who with Seven other Captains composed the Court.

THIS Court was assembled for the Trial of John Brady, William Lindsay, John Hopkins, James Moor, Christopher Mahane, Terence Dunn, Thomas J6ur-daine, James Cannon, David Reed, Thomas Derbyshire, Nicholas Ryan, Cornelius Callaghan, Owen M'Cartey, Richard Kennedy, Thomas Luffin, Patrick Devoy, John Donally, Peter M'Guire, John Hoare, Edward Swinney, Patrick Hynes, Michael Foy, Michael Kelly, and Edward M'Laughlin, Seamen, and James Lawless, private Marine, belonging to His Majesty's Ship Defiance, Captain Theophilus Jones, for having held mutinous Assemblies on board the said Ship, at which an Oath to the following Purport was taken:

" I swear to be true to the Free and United Irishmen, who are now fighting our Cause against Tyrants " and Oppressors; and to defend their Rights to the last Drop of my Blood, and to keep all Secret; and I do agree to carry the Ship into Brest the next " Time the; Ship looks out a-head at Sea, and to kill every Officer and Man that shall hinder us, except the Master; and to hoist a Green Ensign with a Harp in " it; and afterwards to kill and destroy the Protestants." VoL. 54.

THIS Court was assembled for the Trial of Wm, Regan, Patrick Murphy, George Norton, and James Callaney, Seamen of His Majesty's Ship Glory — and L Edmund Gibbons, John Hoare, and Thomas Dillon, Marines, serving in the said Ship, for having conspired to murder the Officers, and those who should assist them, and then to carry the Ship into a French Port j and for having, by seditious and mutinous Expressions, endeavoured to keep up a Spirit of Mutiny among the Irish Seamen and Marines — John O'Bryan, Seaman, also, for seditious and mutinous Expressions, and wishing Success to the Mutineers — Lawrence Dowd, Seaman, for proposing to Patrick Bayle, Marine, to blow up the Ship, in the Event of the Irish Party failing in their Attempt.

It appeared in the Evidence, that Regan was expected to be appointed Captain of the Glory, in the Event of their getting to France; that the Leaders would be promoted, the Value of the Ship given to them, and then to proceed with the French against Ireland. — The annexed loyal Declaration and Address of all the Irish in the Ship was given to Captain Brine, as a Cloak for their Proceedings, and with a View to throw the Officers off their Guard.

The Court having heard the Evidence in Support of the Charges, and the Defence of the Prisoners, sentenced William Regan, Patrick Murphy, George Norton, James Callaney, Edward Gibbons, John Hoare, Thomas Dillon, and Lawrence Dowd, to fuller Death, the Charges being fully proved — John O'Bryan to receive 100 Lashes on Board the Glory, to be mulcted of his Pay, and kept 12 Months in solitary Confinement in the Marshalsea Prison.

The same Court having tried Dennis Mahoney, (first) and Richard Holmes, Seaman, for mutinous Ex-

C:ffions, were sentenced, the former to receive 20a fhes on board the Glory, to be mulcted of all his Pay, and to be kept in folitaiy Confinement in the Marshalsea, for 12 Months; and the latter to 100 Lashes, to be mul&ed of his Pay, and kept in solitary Confinement for 12 Months in the Marshalsea.

[ Paper B. ]

Honoured Sir,

We, whose Names are hereunto annexed, Natives of Ireland, with Grief and Anxiety have heard, lately, of a horrid Plot or Conspiracy having existed in this Ship, attributed

Marked (B )

150 Marta. A. 1799.

Report from

Com. Secrecy Kontiuutd\

attributed entirely to us, and which the late unhappy Disturbancfe in Ireland, and the recent horrid Transactions on board the Cslar, give too great a Colour to, and these Rumours having been industrioully circulated by some designing Men, for the evident Purpose of creating a Division and Party Spirit between the English and Irish, we, for ourselves do solemnly swear before Almighty God, whose awful Name we would not tdfcc in vain, that we do not know of any Plot or Con-(piracy, or mutinous AssembJy in the Ship, now, or at any other Time } and that we will, to the last Moment of our Lives, defend our King and glorious Constitution against all Enemies, foreign and domestic; and that we will, to the utmost of our Power, apprehend and bring to condign Punishment any Person or Persons who shall dare stir up any Sedition or Mutiny, or endeavour to cause any Division or Misunderstanding between us and our brave Brethren in Arms, English -men. to whom we are bound by every Tie in Nature, and whose Interest and our own are inseparable.

We cannot dole these few Lines without expressing our grateful and heartfelt Sense of the excellent and humane Usage of Captain Brine and all his Officers to the Ship's Company; and we do not hesitate to pronounce him a Villain, a Traitor to his Country, and an Enemy to Mankind, who shall disturb the Tranquillity, but for the Subject of this Address, we so happily enjoy under our excellent Officers, whom we shall support, honour, and obey to the last Moment of our Lives. — Relying, Sir, upon your well known Goodnels of Heart and humane Disposition, we have thus humbly presumed to lay our Sentiments before you, unbiased by all other Considerations but those of the Welfare of our King and Government, whom we honour and revere respectfully, leaving it to yourself to make this public, or otherwise, as you, in your Wisdom, shall think fit. With Hearts full of Loyalty to our King and Country, and the greatest Veneration for your public Character and private Virtues, we conclude, with hoping you will do us the Justice to'believe that these are the real Sentiments of our Hearts.

Honoured Sir,

We are, &c. &c. &c.

(Signed) 86 Seamen and Fcremaft Men.

26 Marines.

Appendix, (N°2i.)

The Prisoners treated the Address from the Admiralty to the Irish Seamen with every Contempt; and after the Captain had read it, Tomms declared he should never have an Opportunity of reading it again. This Prisoner frequently declared his Determination to shoot the Officers In the Event of coming to Action} but if every Thing else failed, to blow up the Ship on her Return to Port.

The Court having heard all the Evidence in support of the Prosecution, as well as that which the Prisoners could bring forward in their Favour, together with the Defence they had to offer, sentenced Wright to receive 500 Lashes from Ship to Ship, and Tomms to suffer Death. The Serjeant of Marines, Daniel Alexander, having prevaricated in his Evidence, was ordered into solitary Confinement for Three Months in the Marshalsea.

Appendix, (N# 22.)

ABSTRACT of Proceedings of a Court Martial 'held on board His Majesty's Ship Gladiator, in Portsmouth Harbour, on the 15th January ^799-

Vice Admiral Sir Charles Thompson, Baronet, President, who with Twelve Captains composed the Court.

THIS Court was assembled for the Trial of Patrick Townshend, James Reilly, Hugh M'Ginnis, and John Marshal, private Marines, serving on board His Majesty's Ship St. George, Captain John Holloway, for uttering or making use of mutinous or seditious Lxprefiions, or being present without using their utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame.

The Evidence produced on this Trial principally went to shew, that the Triloners had been seen together in their Birth on board the said Ship, and had been heard to drink the following Toall. " The Tree of Liberty to all UnitedIrifhmen, and Damnation toall " that are Enemies thereto."

The Court having heard all the Evidence in support of the Prosecution, as well as that which the Prisoners had to bring forward in their Favour, together with the Defence they had to offer, sentenced each and every one of them to receive 300 Lashes through the Fieet then lying at Portsmouth.

ABSTRACT of Proceedings of a Court Martial, held on board His Majesty's Ship Diomede, in Sheerness Harbour, on. the 29th and 30th Days of October 1798.

Captain Peter Aplin, President, who with Twelve other Captains composed the Court.

THIS Court was, assembled for the Trial of John Wright and George Tomms, Marines, serving on board His Majesty Ship Diomede, for having been concerned in attempting to stir up Mutiny and Sedition in the said Ship, and having been guilty of various Breaches of the Articles of War.

The Evidence that was brought forward on this Trial went to shew, that the Prisoners were connected with Corresponding Societies at Nottingham; that they attempted to administer an Oath to l'ome of the Crew, " to carry the Ship into an Enemy's Port," either French, Dutch, or Irish\ and threatened, in the Event of coming to an Action with an Enemy's Ship, to (hoot their own Officers on the Quarter Deck. , The Prisoner Tomms's Brother, who was living at Nottingham, wrote occasionally to him, and informed him of the State of Affairs connected with Ireland. A favourite Toast with Tomms, was, " May the Wings of Liberty " never flourish, 'till they are washed' in the Blood of " DeLdts."

A

FORMS of CERTIFICATES of ELECTION.

Appendix, (N8 23.)

CERT'IFICAT E.

London. Society of United Irishmen, N" I.

I hereby certify that - has

been duly elected, and having taken the Teft provided in the Constitution, has been ad nitted a Member of this Society.

ccrnarp,

N° 6.

Appendix, (N8 24.)

CERTIFICATE.

EXTERN. Society of N"

I hereby certify that has be, er\

duly elected, and having taken the Test provided in the Constitution, has been adnytted a Member, of this Society. j&wretfltp.

N *

Appendix,.

39 Geo. III. 150 Mar lit.

Appendix, (N® 25.)

1

Copy of " An ADDRESS to the People of Ireland ;" taken at Division, N° 2, of the United Infhmen, 10 th March 1799.

To the People.

Men of Ireland,

PER SEVER E — the Cause of Freedom mud finally prevail. What has hitherto taken place, instead of discouraging you should rather inl'pire the most animating Confidence of Success. If a few Counties, ill armed and officered, were able to seize so many Towns, and baffle for Months near One Hundred Thousand Troops, long trained to Arms, nurtured in Blood, and furniIhed with every Requisite for War; if by the mere Energy which the Love of Liberty inspires, they, defeated them on many Gccafions, and never were defeated till their own Ammunition was exhauded, what would have been the Result had the whqle Nation risen at once, properly armed and organized; if ini he very Moment ♦.hen recent Discomfiture dispirited the brave, and the fallacious Hopes of Lenity neutralized the mild , and irresolute. Nine Hundred Frenchmen, with only Three Field Pieces, were able to defeat Three Armies, take l'everal Towns; and a whole Train of Artillery, kill double their own Number, and, almod un-aflided, penetrate to the very Centre of the Island, what would as many Thousands have accomplished when supported by the entire Population of the Country. , Had you been prepared to aid even that Handful of Auxiliaries by intercepting or delaying Convoys and Reinforcements, they mud have triumphed. But although you were not then called prematurely into Action, the Time will speedily arrive when you mud be summoned to employ those Arms which have lately been distributed.

Hearken no longer to those insolent implacable Up-darts, who boad of having wantonly made War upon a long differing People, and goaded you into Rebellion, by Burning, Rape, Robbery, Murder, Torture, and every other diabolical Expedient inquisitorial Cruelty could devise, and who in the same Breath impudently insult you with the odentatious Parade of Mercy; when they are wearied, not iatiated, with Slaughter and Pro-feription.

When the Event of the late Insurrection appeared doubtful, and the Capital was ‘blockaded by your Arms, the Inefficacy of open Force fuggeded to the coward Chancellor the ready Aid of Fraud: " We 44 mud pardor\ them," said he; " or if the Country " continues in its present State, it will be impossible for us to go on." A general Amnedy was accordingly held out, and this perfidious Clemency extolled, while a clandedine Persecution was continued, to provoke you to Acts that might palliate the meditated Severities.

Now that these equivocal Measures have paralized and divided you, where is the Mercy of your Tyrants ? Will they rebuild for you those Cabins, whose Flames they have extinguished with innocent Blood ? Will they allow you to darve unmolcded in your native Air, which their hireling Russians have polluted with jiedilential Carnage ? Or to weep over the Desolation of your Families in the Arms of your cb'ildlels Con-forts, whom Hessian Ravishers, have branded with Infamy and Disease ? No! This would be too great an Indulgence for Traitors, who dared to vindicate by Arms the common Rights of Men.

By the boaded Act of Amnedy, His most gracious Majesty excludes from His Royal Mercy " all who " were in Cudody at any Time since the Year 1794, " on any Charge of Treason, Suspicion o( Treason, or " treasonable Practices; all Yeopien who have do V o jl.

" ferted, or who adminidcred any Oath or Obligation; " all who carried on, consented to, affided, or were " concerned in any Design or Proposal for invading, " or procuring an Invasion, or corresponding with a " Foreign Power; all Members of any Executive, National, or County Committee; all concerned in said

horrid and unnatural Rebellion, who do not deliver up " Arms and Ammunition of every Kind within a " Time to be appointed; all attainted, or to be attainted this Session, or convicted by Court Martial since lad May; all Offenders against the Mutiny " Act," &c. &c.

With such numerous Exclusions from Forgiveness, it is hard to say who can escape, for the Act of any one United Irilhman being interpreted as the Act of all, and the Acts of the Society as those of every Member, there is not one who will not directly or condruc-tively fall under some of the above Descriptions.

Trud not, therefore, to such a deceitful Mockery of Mercy (which, were it serious, would only ensure the Continuance of all your Grievances) but depend solely. on your own Arms, and the promised Succour of your Friends, who have already given you an Earned of what they can, and what they will perform. Red assured, whatever the Tools of Government may assert of the Difgud the French have conceived at your Inactivity, they will very soon fend the promised Force of at lead Ten Thousand Troops, with an ample Supply of military Stores. If they find your Men unprepared, you will have no Excuse; and indead of forming an indej>endent Republic, mud submit to remain in the abject, miserable Condition of a tributary Province. ' .

Arm, therefore, but without any Violence, which may afford a Pretence fof reviving the sanguinary Sydcm of Terror; and hide your Arms with additional Care, for new Bills are framing to take them from you, and rigorous Searches will speedily take place. Hold no Meetings, but transmit singly and briefly to your tried Friends, those Indruftions which may soon issue for vigorous and active Measures. Abdain from Spirits, and every exciseable Article that contributes to recruit the exhauded Revenues of a bankrupt Government, supported only by your Vices, which enables them to maintain their Hordes of regimented Assassins. Intoxication has not only laid open your Hearts to Informers, but dimulated you headlong into Danger, and disabled you. equally to fight or fly. Take Warning from the decisive Battles which (to the Disgrace of Ireland) you have loft by that alone, and reserve whatever you can save by future Sobriety to purchase Ammunition for the approaching Deliverance of your Chuntry.

Those whom you have chosen still watch over your Interests, and will not ralhly hazard your Safety. When a proper Occasion offers, their Summons will issue in the customary official Channel, and it will not be their Fault if it does not at once extend to every Part of Ireland. And then shall your Oppressors fee how much sooner the trained Bands of Corruption are cx-haufted, than a Population of above Four Millions, roused by-every Provocation, and resolved on Liberty or Death; and then shall those who now charge you with Barbarity, supplicate and receive that Mercy which themselves deified *

5 A Appendix,

Report from Com. Secrecy continued.

366

150 Ma.

A, 1799.

:?ort from m.secrecy on t inned.

Appendix, (N° 26.)

Copy of a printed CARD to the^Memory of O'Coigly.

Sacred To the Memory of John James Coigly.

His independent Virtue ! His benevolent Spirit!

His sympathising Mind ! His affectionate Heart!

And his indefatigable Exertions to promote Moral Rectitude,

Pure Religion,

Political Emancipation, all combined to make him dreaded by Apostates 5 by whom

he was on Thursday, June 7th, 1798, Sacrificed a willing Victim at the Shrine of Selfilh Bigotry, and

f Legal Forms.

The Tears of the Virtuous ! The Sighs of the Oppressed ! The Regret of the Patriot! The Vengeance of his Country! and the grateful Applause of Posterity, will bear Ample Testimony.

of his Matchless Wrongs, and his Unrivalled Worth.

Appendix, (N" 27.)

Translat ion of IN S TR U C TIO N S for the March and Operations of General Humbert.

pursue, and esquire the Road to those Towns and Villages which you mean to leave behind you, or to which at least you do not intend to go.

The better to create Surprize and Conftemation, you must now and then take Possession of some little Town or Harbour, and lay it under Contribution. You perceive by this, that all Places of any Note will apply to Government for Troops, which will be in Want of them, and will be compelled to divide those which it tan spare; this will enable you to destroy a great many of them, by engaging separately with the different Detachments lent against you.

It is only by Means of moveable Columns that you can be opposed with Success; it will not, however, be difficult for you to destroy their Effect.

If they should be weak, you may easily overpower them j if they should be strong, you may disperse yourselves, and commit Hostilities in different Quarters. This will alarm the Towns, and they will immediately require the Protection of those Troops which compose the Columns, in order to serve as Garrisons against your Attacks. You will thus remain Masters of the Country, and starve both the Inhabitants and the Troops who are in the Towns.

I doubt whether the English understand the Use and Advantages of moveable Columns, but even if they do, you may render them of no Avail, since the Government has not a l'ufficient Number of Troops to cover every Point at once.

The Soldiers should not carry any Thing besides their Arms, Ammunition, and Bread; they will every where End Linen, Shoes, and other Articles of Dress.

The Inhabitants mud supply their Wants; and Gentlemen's Seats will serve you for Magazines.

In case the Country should be too much ravaged to subsist you any longer, or in case the Number of Troops

IT would perhaps be imprudent for you to remain sent against you should compel you to quit the Spot long in Cornwall. It would be more adviseable that where you have taken Possession, you must quit it with you should first establish yourself in Devonshire, par- Expedition, make forced Marches by Night, and rest

ticularly in that Part which lies between the Two Rivers, the Ex and the Tamer. This Situation, on Account of the Passes and Mountains, will afford you an easy and safe Retreat from the Pursuit of the Enemy, as well as a more extensive Sphere for your Operations. With a little Entcrprize and Skill you might easily succeed in cutting off the Communication between Dartmouth, Plymouth, and Portsmouth. It would not, however, be adviseable for you to approach too near to those Places, on Account of the

during the Day in the Woods and Mountains. If you are under the Necessity of flopping at any Place to procure Provisions, make choice of a good Post, from whence you must fend your Detachments into the neighbouring Villages. Your 'Cavalry, for you must on your tirft Establishment create a Force of that Description, will be most proper for this Service, and may and ought to change Horses as often as Necessity shall require. 1

As you will proceed by hasty Marches, the Enemy's

come

numerous Garrisons which they contain, unless indeed Troops will not be able to come up with you on you had Information of any Commotion having taken Account of the Difficulty of procuring Provisions j but place, which you should labour to promote. even if you should be obliged to fight, you must remem-

It is therefore of Importance that immediately on ber that you are Frenchmen, and ftnke a great Blow, your Debarkation, you should direct your.March to- Bear in Mind, at the same Time, that Necessity only wards " Dedmanaand Newport." Above the latter, should induce you to rilk the Fate of an Engagement;

'and without passing through it, you will cross the but then you must make a desperate Attempt. If you. Tamer, a River which separates Cornwall from Devon- must force your Way through the Enemy you have to shire, beyond which it will be your Object to take up attack, let it be done in the Night, a Postion. About Eleven or Twelve o'Clock at Night fend

Your March should be conducted with Brilkness and Three or Four Patroles, confiding of Four or Six Men, Celerity. You should never keep the high Road, but, to set fire tojome Houses in your Rear, and in different

on the contrary, proceed through the Bye-ways and narrow Tracks, and especially those that are most remote from the great Road. Before you enter a City or Town, you should esquire whether it contains any, and what Number of Troops, whether there is any River in it, and what Number of Bridges, and whether it has any Fortifications; you must then take your Measures accordingly. You should frequently change your Guides, in order to conceal from the Enemy the Knowledge of your Marches, and never take a fresh Guide in the Presence of the one whom , you dismiss; you should make frequent counter Marches; always tell your Guides that you have quitted a different Road from that which you intend to

Quarters. The Enemy, imagining that you are flying, will perhaps endeavour to pursue you, and then you may either prepare an Ambuscade, elude them altogether, or fall upon the Rear of one of their Columns, which you may easily overpower in the Dark, and in the Confusion into which Troops unexpectedly attacked are

thrown. ....

If the Enemy should fend Assistance to the Persons whoseHouses have been set onFire the Thing is the fame, and yqu have the Choice of either fighting or eluding them, which, however, is not 6f so much Advantage as the first Alternative; If the Enemy should remain under Arms, and fend Patroles to reconnoitre, you must surround them, and put them to the Bayonet, without firing

39 Geo. III. 15° Martii. $6j

firing a Shot. In Three or tour Hours afterwards you The Garrison Which, in pursuance of my Orders, Repo^from should depart in Column, and proceed " an pas tie General Humbert is to take away from Chateaunciif, is " Charge against one of the Wings, which you lht>uld to be replaced by General Virges; and General Hum-'drive in, and, without attempting any Thing else, pur- bert, on the Eve of his Departure, is to apprize Gene-sue your March, and make Two or Three Counter 'ral Verges thereof.

Marches in the Course of the Day. The Expedition mud, if possible, depart in the Night

The Night will also afford you a fit Opportunity to Time; and during the Passage the Ships are to make all

surprize and put to the Sword any Post that may be the Sail possible.

opposed to you. In the Day Time, and in an open General Humbert is to take Care that the rioft per-

Situation, you must not hesitate to attack Two Thousand fest Order be preserved on Board.

Men, and in the Night from Four to Five Thousand, The Troops ate to receive their usual Allowances; with a Force of Twelve Hundred. From a Post that is but when they are ready to disembark, they are to Be not intrenched, you ought to dislodge Eight Hundred furnished with Four Days Provisions, and a double Men; but if it should be intrenched, and defended by Ration of Brandy is to be allowed them; this they are Gannon, you must take Care to avoid it. to drink immediately, in order to refresh themselves

In order to pass a River, the Bridges of Which are after the Fatigues of the Voyage, guarded, you must, if you cannot procure Boats, endea- The Disembarkation must be effected with all possible your to ascend to its Source, to find a Ford, or the Expedition; The Powder and Ammunition must be Causeway of a Water Mill. If you are very much carried by the Soldiers, until such Time as they shall puttied, you must stretch a strong Rope across from one have advanced far enough into the Country to procure Side of the River to the other, and make such of the Bat Horses, which are then to be employed in that Troops as cannot swim take hold of it and pass over. Service.

In such Cases their Muskets must be carried in the ' The Ammunition must not, bn any Occasion what- '

Slings, with the Butt End upwards, in order that the ever, be left behind J and fresh Supplies of it must be JLock may if possible be kept dry. Trees long enough procured whenever an Opportunity occurs, to reach from one Bank to the other are preferable to a ‘ During the Two First Days March the Legion must Rope. In that same you must cut down a good many, remain undivided; and Care must be taken to prevent and throw them across at different Places. If the River, any of the Men from straggling.

though fordable, should be rapid; and the Soldiers GeheriU Humbert will ot course feel the Propriety of should be up to their Necks in Water, you must make, speedily advancing to a woody and mountainous Situa-the good Swimmers go first, and then order a whole tion before he attempts any Act of Hostility, He must Rank to pass at once, each Soldier holding fast with his take Care to avoid swampy Ground, not only because left Hand by the Coat of the Man who is before him, it is unwholesome, but because lie might cxpolc himself and carrying his Musket in his right. In this Manner 'to the Danger of being furroui.dJd by Troops, who the Soldier who reaches the opposite Bank, pulls along would certainly not fail to make ulc of the Advantages

his Comrade, and helps him out of the Water, and so Which such Situations always afford,

on successively. The Horses may thus pass also; but it.

is not much to be trusted to " The Expedition of General Humbert has Three

Cornwall and Devonttiire form a Peninftlla, ill which 'principal Objects in View:

It would be desirable that you should be able to main- _ . „ r

tain yourselves, and this you might accomplish with a T Jhe first 1S' to Put the Countr>' into a State of

little Skill. If, however, you should be compelled by ^n urre(^lon:

urgent Motives, and after haying made every Effort in The Second is, to embarrass the Commerce of our

your Power, to quit this District, it would then be Rivals:

expedient for you to make an Irruption into the Coun- .

ties of Somerset, Wilts, and Gloucester, in order to The Third is, to prepare and facilitate the Means of strike Terror into the Heart of England, and even into making a Descent, by giving the greatest Perplexity to London itself. In this last County you will pass the the English Government.

Severn, in order to reach the Principality of Wales, a ‘

mountainous and woody Country, where you would The CJlafs of People the mo ft eifily to be moved to find a secure Retreat, and where you would be better Insurrection, as in all Countries, is the poorest Class. enabled to receive Succour through Ireland. There is This may be effected by distributing Money or Drink another Manner in which you' might pass the Severn among them; by aferibingto the Government the pub-or the Bristol Canal, that is, by taking Poffdfion of lie Wretchedness; by instigating them, anil facilitating Bristol or Berkeley, and crossing the Canal in the Boats their Means to revolt, to pillage the public Granaries, which you would meet with on the Spot. and to plunder the Property of the Rich, whom they

By Means of a Sum of Money advanced in England, always regard with an Eye of Envy, and the Promise of a further Reward in France, you It is, however, necessary' to observe,‘that how regard-' might induce Plenty of Fishermen to convey thither left soever the English People may be of Morality, they an Officer intrusted with your Dispatches. It would art: attached to their Laws, anti respect their Magistrates, be difficult for you to correspond through any other even during the InsurrCftions which have fonleti tries Medium; taken place; it will therefore be expedient to spare the

Property belonging to, or in anywise connected with the Appendix, (N# 28;) civil and mtinicipal Magistracy. — It will also be advise-

able to pursue the same Line of Policy with respect to

Translation of INSTRUCTIONS to Brigadier the Country Landholders and Merchants. The Ex-General Humbert, commanding the Secret Expences must then be borne by the Great, the Lords, pedition entrusted to the Legion " des Francs." (those who belong to the Opposition Party are to be

spared, whenever they are known) the Ministers, the AS loon as the Formation of the Legion and the Naval and Military Officers, especially those of the Weather will permit, General Humbert, who will Militia. The Houses, the Granaries, the Cattle, the have made the necessary Arrangements respecting the Forests, and every Thing belonging to any of these, must Transports with Vice Admiral Cornie, is toconduft his be distributed among the People, or pillaged by them.

Troops to St. Malo, there to eause them to be embarked, These Calamities, which those of the Republic compel ' and immediately to set fall for the County of Cornwall, Us to inflict, and to which a ferocious Nation constrains -in the Kingdom of England; us to expose it, will induce many of the labouring Peo-

« VOL. 54. pl *

368

15° Ma

J.

799

Report from p]e ancJ the Rabble of the Country to espouse our Cause; but they mull oh no Account be incorporated i with our own Troops; they must be formed into new 1 Corps, and placed under the Command of French

Officers belonging to the Legion, in order that no Native of the Country may become acquainted with the State of our Force. They, should also be kept separate, and as much in Ignorance in this Respect as Circumstances will permit. It is principally by Means of the new Companies that the Insurrection will be fomented.

With respect to the embarrassing of Commerce, this may be befk effected by breaking down Bridges, Dikes, and causeways (which is indeed necessary for the Purpose of Self-preservation); by plundering Convoys of Provisions, and private and public Carriages; by cutting off the Supplies destined for Towns; by burning Merchant Vessels, Boats, &c.; by setting fire to Dock Yards, Hope Works, and the Sail Cloth Manufactories. It is also to be obl'erved, that in consequence of these Operations a Number of Workmen will be deprived of Employment, and will attach themselves to the Partly which supplies them with the Means of Subsistence; a Mode of Livelihood so much the more captivating, as the Individual himself contributes nothing towards it.

The Object of the Descent may be facilitated by disarming the Militia; by burning <he public Arfcnalsand Harbours; by intercepting Messengers in the Service of Government; as well as by the Declension of the Troops, through Desertion and Insubordination; and by the' Terror which the Operations of the Legion, and the Progress of the Insurrection, will inipire into 'the Minds of those who might be inclined to defend the Country.

The most favourable Part of the Country is, that in which Forges and Manufactories are to be found.

Provisions must be taken wherever they can be found and if any Town or Village refuse immediately to afford a Tiecessary Supply of Provisions, it must be given up to Pillage. The better to strike Terror into the Country, the Legion should be dispersed in different Columns, and assemble again at a general Rendezvous. This Operation should be repeated every Four, Six, or Eight Days. The Inhabitants of the Country muff; be employed as Guides; whoever shall refuse to act in that Capacity must be punished on the Spot. Magistrates should always be preferred for that Service, or some of their Relations, in order that they may be deterred from punishing those unfortunate Persons who may be compelled by Force to march.

Spies must be punished with Death.

The Villages near to any Place where the Legion, or any Column belonging to it, shall have taken Refuge, which do not fend Intelligence or ring their Bells on the Approach of Troops destined to act against the Legion, shall be burnt. In order to avoid the DestruCjtion of the Troops under his Command, General Humbert must decline coming to an Engagement with regular Forces, and must only attack small Detachments, and Cantonments, and weak Posts. He must invite Deserters from the Enemy, and likewise Prisoners, to inlist into the new Corps. If they should refuse, their Hair and their Eye Brows must be cut off; and if they should happen to be retaken, they are to be shot.

General Humbert will not fail to bear in Mind, that there are in England a great Number of Frenchmen who will hasten to join him. These are the Prisoners of War, both Soldiers and Sailors, the Soldiers belonging to . the Emigrant Regiments, and a Number of others whoi£

Wretchedness, and a Thirst of Vengeance, would allure to his Standard.

He is at Liberty to admit Frenchmen into the Legion; but he must employ the utmost Vigilance to prevent those new Comers from entering into Cabals. Those who would be most inclined to thele Practices are the Nobles and the Priests, whole Ambition is equal to their Cowardice.

7

Any Attempt to excite Mutiny must be severely

pqnifiied.

The Districts, the Militia of which shall have attempted to oppose the March of the Legion, must also be punished with Severity; and, as far as it may be practicable, such Militia must be disarmed, and their Arms put into the Hands of the new Insurgents. The greatest Care must be employed to guard the Ammunition.

General Humbert, who will be assisted by the Knowledge and Talents of his principal Officers, will not omit to avail himself of every Occurrence that may enable him to increase the Strength and Confidence of his Party'; an Object so much to be wished for. He must spare and protect the Poor and the Aged, the Widow and the Orphan, and throw the Burthen of the War on the Shoulders of the Rich, who are the Authors of our Calamities.

The Militia and any other Troops that may join us shall be admitted to the same Indulgence, Irish Sailors also, who shall join us, shall be treated in the same Manner; and they shall be paid, according to a full and fair Valuation of them, for such Ships or Vessels as they shall bring into the Ports in your Possession, or even into the Ports of France. But if, contrary to all Probability, and in Spite of the Justice of your Cause, any Irishmart. should be found so degenerate, so inienlible to the Glory and to the Safety of his Country, as to sacrifice them to his own selfish Views, and to be induced to take Part against us, I declare, that, whenever any of them shall fall into our Hands, they, shall be treated, not as Prisoners of War, like other English Troops, but as Rebels and Traitors to their Country, and all. their Effects shall be confiscated.

We shall call upon the public and legal Authorities likewise to confiscate the Property of Runaways or Emigrants, as well as that of Persons who, under an insidious Neutrality, shall remain passive Spectators of the Dangers x of their Country, and reserve to themselves the Opportunity of declaring their Sentiments, without Danger, in favour of the victorious Party; and of all Kinds of Base-ness this being the most contemptible, it shall involve not only Confiscation of the Property, but the Banishment of him who shall be guilty of it.

Until Circumstances shall permit the prcvisional Representatives to assemble for the Purpose of establjshing a regular national Administration, I invite all enlightened Patriots to communicate to me their local Knowledge, and the Means by which the Organization of the Resolutionary Authorities may be accelerated.

People of Ireland.

I have just imparted to you the Intentions of the French Nation. I have also expressed to you my private Sentiments, with the Frankneis of a Soldier, who feels his Glory connected with the Success of our common Enterprize. Bear in Mind that all Europe, the Eyes of which are now upon you, will judge whether you deserve that your Chains should be broken., Nothing is more easy, if you engage in it with determined Courage. Rife at once in a Mass at every Point of your Island. My brave Brethren in Arms and myself, will be the Centre for you to rally round. A Force so considerable insures to you, without striking a Blow, a speedy and complete Victory; and in the same Manner as the vivifying Rays of the Sun purify the Earth from pestilential Vapours, and destroy the Infects which they nourished, so from the Ardour of your Patriotism shall issue that Splendour which will banish Tyranny, and annihilate its Satellites amidst the unanimous Shouts of the Irish anti the French, exclaiming Liberty and Equality for ever 1

Provisional Regulations for Ireland.-

After having difeuffed the Subject with those deputies of the Central Committee of Insurrpction of

Ifcljina,

39 Geo. III.

Ireland, who have been recommended to him by the Executive Directory of France, the Commander in Chief of the French Army, delirous to shew in a Manner Hill more particular the Intentions of his Government with regard to the Irish People, considers it his Duty, as well in order to facilitate the Resolution, as to maintain Order during the political Crisis which mud necessarily arise from the Overthrow of Despotism, to publish the following Articles, inviting at the same Time all good Citizens to comply therewith, until such Time as the Representatives of the People shall assemble.

Art. ift. We, the faithful Oigan of the Executive Directory of France, recognize and proclaim in the Face of Heaven the Liberty and Independence of the People of Ireland. We swear to maintain them with our whole Power, and to make no Peace with the Opprelfors of Ireland but in Concert with the new Government which she shall adopt.

Art. 2d. We invite the Members of the Central Committee of Insurrection, immediately to assemble in order to execute the Functions of the Provisionai Go vemment; we prohibit the Agents of the English Government to continue to exercise their Duties; and we prohibit likewise every Individual, Citizen or Soldier, to obey their Orders.

Art. 3d. On the Receipt of this the " (the

principal Inhabitants) will take Care to assemble in order to appoint Three Commissioners, who, meeting at the principal Town of the District, shall compose the Provisional Administration, and in Quality of Administrators shall conduct the Business of the Committee. They will likewise be requited to execute the Orders which may be transmitted to them by the Central Committee,

to which is entrusted the Duty of convoking the Irish National Assembly, the Office of which will be to make future Laws and Regulations.

Art. 4th. The Notables of every County will likewise take Care to appoint a Military Officer, and direct the Provisionai Administration to organize an armed Force ready to march to the Defence of the Country.

Art. 5th. This armed Force shall consist of Cavalry, Infantry, and Artillery; that is to say, that a Class of Men shall be formed, in which every Individual shall be at Liberty to enter into any one of those Services, according to his own Inclinations, and his own physical and pecuniary Means. When the Formation is completed, the Military Commander shall, without Delay, conduct his Troops either to join the French Army, or to some Point fixed upon by the Central Committee. When they reach the Place of their Destination, they shall there be completely equipped.

Art. 6th. The Sums of Money deposited in the public Treasuries, the Magazines, the Stores, Articles of Commerce and Merchandize, belonging to the English Government, to its Agents or Partizans, are and shall remain confiscated for the Use of the Irish Government, and accordingly they shall be seized by the Administrators of the Committee, and placed in the Hands of the Paymaster of the Army, who shall be responsible for the ' Monies transmitted to him, and shall account for them to the new Government.

Art. 7th. The Ships and Vessels belonging to the King and his pretended Subjects, shall likewise be confiscated for the Benefit of the Irish Government. They must be expressly prohibited to quit the Ports of Ireland under any Pretence whatever. In the Name of the < Central Committee, the Exportation of Grain, Provisions, or Merchandize belonging to Iriftimen, triuft allb be prohibited.

The Notables and Administrators of the Maritime Committees, lh:.ll be personally responsible for the Execution of this Article, unless they shall shew that any Exportation that shall have taken place was effected by Means of superior Force.

Art. Sth. The Supplies furnished for the Use of the

\r A

OL. 54,

369

French Army shall immediately be paid for, or at least with as little Delay as possible. In the last same the Commissary General shall keep an exact Account of the v. Supplies so furnished, and deliver to the Proprietor an Acknowledgment, specifying the Price of the Objects delivered, in order that in proper Time the Sums due may be punctually paid.

Art. 9th. The Agents or Friends of the English Government, who shall take Arms against the Defenders of Liberty, shall impede the Progress of the Resolution, or shall oppose the Circulation or the Execution of Orders issued by the Central Committee, and particularly the present, shall be considered as Traitors to their Country, and punished accordingly.

Art: iotli. Such Enemies of the Resolution as are pointed out in the preceding Article, who shall be desirous to go to England, shall be at Liberty so to do, upon making a Declaration to tire Central Administration of their District, which mull permit them only to carry away such Things as are absolutely necelfaiy, leaving it always to the National Assembly to decide on the Subject of the Property belonging to Emigrants.

Proclamation to the Army of Ireland.

Biave Friends, /

THE Frenchmen whom you fee in your Country do not come to lubjugate you, and to conquer Ireland. Armed in the Caule of the Equality of Man, and the Liberty of Nations, they come to make you free; they Come to give you their Assistance in breaking the Yoke of the infamous English' Government; they come to assist you to redonquer the Property of your Ancestors, of which you have been despoiled by odious and bale Usurpers. Far be from you the Thought of opposing us in Battle! Be Irishmen! Be free! Come and join our -Ranks! We will shew you the Path of Honour. In a Word, you will learn how Men love and l'erve their Country. Come, and speedily 'our common Enemy will be annihilated.

We know that you have long sighed for our Arrival. A Thousand Times have you shewn yourselves free by your Heroism, and by your Virtues. Let us instantly unite, and let your Tyrants disappear. You ought to recognise no Masters but the Laws, which, very soon, you will receive from your faithful Representatives.

In order to remove Doubts, and to make known the Intentions of the Central Committee of Ireland, with the Members of which I have conferred, I think it my Duty to publish the following Regulations:

Art. 1 ft. The Soldiers who Hull abandon the Standard of George for the Purpose of joining the French Army, or the Resolutionary Army of Ireland, shall be admitted to share in the Distribution of Landed Property which shall take place after the Resolution, and shall be immediately incorporated with the Regiments raised for the Defence of Liberty.

The Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, who shall embrace the common Cause, shall continue to enjoy the same Rank which they now hold.

Art, 2d. The Sailors who shall abandon the Service of England, shall likewise be admitted to Hiarc in the Distribution of Land, and to enter into the public Service. They shall moreover be allowed the Price of such English Vesselsas they shall bring into the Ports of Ijeland.

Art. 3d. Irish Officers and Soldiers fighting against the Defenders of Liberty, and taken with Arms in their Hands, shall be considered as Traitors to the Country, and punished accordingly.

To the Army destined to effect the Resolution of Ireland.

Republicans,

PROUD of having led you to Victory on various Occasions, I have now obtained from Government Per-

5 B million

15® Martii.

370 ic0 Martii. A.iqa^.

t

Report from miffiofi to conduct you to new Success. To command I w!Cy you is tobefure of Triumph.

\ - - _ Anxious to restore to Liberty a People worthy of it, and ripe for a Resolution, the Directory fends us to Ireland for the Purpose of there facilitating the Resolution which excellent Republicans have just undertaken there. It will be glorious for us, who have vanquished the Satellites of Kings, armed against the Republic, to break the Chains of a Nation of Friends, and to assist them to tecover their Rights, usurped by the odious English Government. You will never forget, brave and faithful Companions, that the People whom we are now going to visit are the Friends of our Country } that we ought to treat them as such, and not as a conquered Nation. When you arrive in Ireland you will meet with Hospitality, with Fraternity. Soon will Thousands of its Inhabitants come to swell our Ranks. Let us be careful then never to treat any of them as Enemies. As well as us they have to avenge themselves on the perfidious English. The latter are the People on whom we have to inflict the most signal Vengeance. Be allured that the Irish sigh no less ardently than we for the Moment, when, in Concert with us, they shall proceed to London to remind Pitt and his Friends of the Attempts which they have made against our Liberty.

By Friendship, by Duty, for the Honour of the French Name, you are bound to respect Perl'ons and Property in the Country lo which we are going. If by unremitted Efforts 1 can provide lor your Wants, be assured that, anxious to preserve the Reputation of the Army which I have the Honour to command, I will severely punish all those who shall trangress the Duties which they owe their Country.. Laurels and Glory shall be the Reward of the Republican Soldier; Death shall be the Punishment of Robbery and Pillage. You know me well enough to believe, that I will not now forfeit my Word. It was my Duty to give you Warning. Be you careful to bear it in Mind.

Proclamation to the Irish Nation.

People of Ireland *

AT various Periods you have manifested your Horror of that Slavery to which the Ambition of England has reduced you } and notwithstanding your natural Bravery, your Efforts to shake off the Yoke have been ,unsuccessful, and defeated by the Arts and Perfidy of the English Minister, who, employing all the Means of Corruption, has always spread Division among your Leaders, and succeeded, by their Treachery and Disunion, in preserving the Chains by which you are fettered.

At present, when the glorious and ever memorable Resolution of France has rekindled the sacred Flame of the Love of Liberty, which Tyranny had in vain endeavoured to extinguish in your Hearts, your Secret Central Resolutionary Committee, justly thought itself bound to profit by the Moment, when the Arms of France, every where triumphant, enabled her to lend Assistance to Ireland, in order to recover her ancient Independence. In the Hope of obtaining it, the Committee applied to the Executive Potver of the French Republic, gave the most positive Assurances of the Disposition which an immense Majority of the Irish felt again to become a free People. It the same Time communicated the Measures long since taken in Silence, and for the Success of which nothing was wanting but the Arrival of a French Army, with Arms and warlike Stores; and Assurances that, immediately upon that Event, all the Patriots able to lerve would flock to the French Standard, and soon expel the English and their Partizans from the Irish Territories.

This affecting Representation of your Situation, and of your Willies, made by your Secret Comijiittee; its

Petition for Assistance, presented in the Name of the whole Nation, having excited in the Minds of all French Republicans those Sentiments of Generality and Kindness, which they delight to bellow upon Nations which are oppressed; the Executive Power resolved to afford you its Aid, in a Manner calculated to fulfil your most sanguine Hopes. For this Purpose I have landed upon your Shores, at the Head of an Army of Republicans, accustomed to ViClory under their Commander. We present ourselves as sincere and zealous Friends of all those who shall espouse the Cause of Liberty; and we are only ambitious of the Glory of breaking your Chains, and punishing your Tyrants.

Jt is no longer the Struggle between the Houses of Hanover and Stuart; the one to continue, the other to become again a Delpot. Free Men fight only to maintain Equality of Rights, and detest even the very Name of Mailer. Convinced that you share with us these noble Sentiments, we offer you our Hands and our Hearts for the Re-establishment of your national Dignity, by the free Ciioice you shall make of a Form of Government fitted to secure the Duration of your Independence, uncontrolled Liberty to declare your Opinion with respect to Men and Measures. We will guide your Representatives in their Labours to accomplish your Views; the Publicity which you will give to their Deliberations will prevent Error; the Order and Tranquillity which I will afliftyou to maintain, will guard you against the Violence of Enthuliasm, lbme-times more dangerous than the Attempts of Diiaffection.

The Example of other Nations, the Experience obtained by their various Attempts, every Thing promises you a Happiness which has been dearly purchased by your Friends, and which they have the Generality to offer you, on the Angle Condition that you will declare yourselves with the Firmness suitable to, and worthy of a Nation consisting of Four Millions of People.

There is not certainly a single Irilhman of Information, who is not aware of the Advantages to be derived from his Geographical Situation, from the Population of his Country, and the Fertility of its Soil, from the Activity, Strength, and Courage of its Inhabitants, and from the Numbers, the Excellence, and the happy Situation of its Harbours.

His Indignation must then be excited to the highest Pitch, when he contemplates the dreadful Wretchedness of the very great Majority of his Countrymen, and reflects that Nature has lavished her Benefits on him in vain, if he cannot control the Mischiefs of the systematic Tyranny of the English Government, l'eated in the Heart of cruel Albion. It is indeed in consequence of this usurping Spirit, that England has l'ucceflively been able to paralize all the physicai and moral Resources of Ireland.

The Policy of England has conllantly nurtured the Seeds of Animosity and Distrust between the different religious SeCls, whose Fanaticism, excited and directed by the Court of London, prevented the Force of Ireland from rallying against the common Enemy.

From this Disunion arose the Facility of treating the Irish like Slaves, by excluding them from all Employments, Civil, Military^, and Ecclesiasftic.

By this Arrangement alone the Nation soon becomes the Prey of a Handful of Prot Strangers; Creatures devoted to the Machiavelism and to the Rapine of the English Government.

These Satellites of Despotism, by Means of Plunder and Injustice exercised upon your Ancestors and yourselves, have become almoll the only Possessors of the Landed Property of your Country, the Rent of which being carried to England, consigns you to the moil wretched Indigence; and from a Dread left your industrious Activity should enable you to rile above tills Oppression, (he Act of Navigation was employed to

complete

39 Geo. III. 150 Martii. 371

complete the Pressure, and to deprive you of every Means of forming a Navy.

The absolute Nullity of National Representation in your Parliament, allows you no Hope of a Redress of your Grievances. The Prohibitions to acquire a Property in Land, and to grant Leases of long Duration (Prohibitions which have but recently undergone some flight Modifications) have compelled the greatest Part of the Farmers to become the Day Labourers and Servants of the Usurpers of their Ancestors' Estates. By the Severity of the Laws, by the Want of the Means, you are deprived of the Power of educating your Children. In a Word, Barbarity has been carried to such a Length, that you are even prohibited to use the Language of your Forefathers.

To this Sketch of the Picture of your Wretchedness, and the Spectacle which presents itself to Passengers in the Streets of London, where Crowds of Irishmen, descended from the most ancient Families of a formerly flourishing Country, are compelled Day and Night to earn a Subsistence by the meanest Occupations, and are incefiantly overwhelmed by the insolent Populace of that inhospitable Land with Humiliations and Reproaches.

Compare now with theft melancholy Truths the certain Means which I bring you (if you have Courage for the Attempt) of obtaining an independent Form of Government, calculated to promote your highest Interests, without any Limits to its Authority but Impossibility itself, or the Wilh of the People, restored to their Sovereignty. A fraternal Toleration of all Religions, which, laying aside those Animosities which result from religious Opinions, will preserve you from the perfidious Machinations of England, of which you, Presbyterians and Catholics, have been alternately the Sport. Consider, in this new Order of Things, how much your Union for your common Happiness will supply Means of every Kind to enable you to refill those who should dare attempt to disturb your Tranquillity. Endeavour to ascertain the Resources which you may derive from a Population abounding in Men of Genius and Courage; from a Soil fertile in all the Necciraries of Life; from an active and well directed Industry; from the certain and various Conveniencies you possess for Foreign Commerce. What an Increase of Strength will you derive from the many Inhabitants which your Liberty and your Advantages will not only retain in your Land, but will recall from the United States of America, to which they had retired through Misery and Oppression.

The Abolition of all Privileges and Distinctions, by affording to every Individual the Hope of attaining, by his Talents and his Virtues, the principal Dignities of the State, will diffuse through every Profession that salutary Thirst of Glory which multiplies great Men. Your national Representation will then consist of Persons of the first Merit. In a Word, a Constitution freely chosen which you will have, adapted in every Respect to what your Situation requires, will completely consolidate for ever your political Existence, while it establishes your Independence. Such and many more,

0 People of Ireland, are the Advantages of the Liberty and Equality which the Generosity of French Republicans offers you by me, and which the Zeal and Intrepidity of my Companions in Arms will insure to you.

The Power with which I am invested, authorizing me to make and issue such Regulations as shall appear most useful for the Success of this noble Undertaking,

1 am going, by the first Instance in which I exercise it, to destroy all Poflibihty of Uneasiness, which ill-disposed Persons would endeavour to inspire into Minds, appre-hensive of the Conduct: which the brave Army I have the Honour to command, might pursue towards the Inhabitants during the Period they shall remain in the Country.

I therefore solemnly declare, that every Violation of Vol. 54.

Liberty of Person and Property, all Disrespect for the Religion and Authority legally constituted by the good People of Ireland, shall be punished with Death, within Four and Twenty Hours after the Arrest of the Offenders, whatever may be their Quality or Condition; and that Order and Discipiine shall be enforced under the severest Penalties.

Banish therefore, as you ought, all Uneasiness respecting w'hat might appear to you a Subject of Difquictude. I flatter myself that I shall meet with, on your Parts, all the Zeal and Assistance which my Operations will require. I am confident that all sincere Friends of the Happiness of Ireland, who may be ab!e to bear Arms for the Defence of the Cause, will flock to ti - Republican Standard, where they shall immediately be furnished with Arms, and that they will speedily co-operate with my Exertions to expel the common Enemy from your Territory. Upon the Celerity of this Junction will essentially depend the Effusion of Blood, which you will on all Occasions find me desirous to spare.

I will take Care that exact Registers shall be kept of the Christian and Surnames of Persons, as well of the Time of their Arrival, with'Memoranda of the Degree of Zeal which they shall have displayed, in order that in the Distribution of the Property which shall be con-fifeated from the Enemy, the strictest Justice may regulate its Partition, according to the Merit of each Individual.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Copies and Ext rafts of Papers presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command, by Mr. Secretary Dundas, on the 23d Day of January last, be returned, sealed up, to the Office of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to facilitate the Redemption of the Land Tax, by Bishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and all Corporations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 2. To leave out " facilitate" and insert " make Provision for- facilitating " instead thereof.

1. 5. After " Corporations " to insert " and " also to explain and amend Two " Acts, passed in the Thirty-eighth " Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, and the present Session of

' " Parliament, for the Redemption

" and Purchase of the Land Tax."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 3. 1. 10. by leaving out the Clause empowering His Majesty to appoint Commissioners to execute the Act.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause stand Part of the Bill;

It wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 36. 1. 12. by inserting, after the Word " charged" the Words " unless such Appeal shall " have been determined within Three Months after the " passing of this Act."

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by inserting after the Word " been " the Words "already made and shall be,"

And

Report from Com. S;-c'tcy continued.

L. — y — J

Papers to be returned to the Office of Secretary of State,

Bill to facilitate the Re-dempton of the Land l ax, passed.

37 *

150 Martii. A. 1799.

And the Question being put, That those Words be there iriferted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put. That after the Word charged" in Pr. 36. 1. 12. the Words " unless such Appeal shall have been already made, and shall be " determined within Three Months after the passing of " this Act " be inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 37. 1. 20. by leaving out the Words " Three Years" and inl'erting the Words "One Year" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question pfct thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That the Ordef of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Aas^rei^a-upon the Bill to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, Jng Provision-made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of alCaval,7-the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and for making further Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom, as is now actually called out and embodied, be now read *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddireded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Ordered That Mr. Sargent do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House SuPP'y- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tt) consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'Estimate , let. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, for tret rvic . Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

French Re- Ordered, That the Eftirnate of the Sum which may American 1 be necessary for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Ldy;dills. Laity of France, Toulonef Emigrants, and American

Loyalists, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Turkey com- Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and tioru 5 PctI" Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant &as, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent tdok the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordmd, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Sargent also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to ' His Majesty.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Corp, te&c. ° resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exemption upon the Bill for exempting Persons, serving in Volun-®'11, teer Corps and Associations, from being ballotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amend--ment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

3

Ordered, That the Ordef of the Day, for the House Committee o» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men Number of to be raised, and to serve, in the several Counties of Militia Men. that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

"The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and mrde several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Com- reported^ mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 2d Day of April next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- Report from suant to their Address to His Majesty, ^vetoNe '"

A Copy of the Report of the Committee of both g'^prefcat-Houses of the Legislature of Tobago, appointed to take «i. into Consideration the Resolution of the House of Commons, of the 6th April 1797, and a Series of Suggestions and Queries consequent thereupon, handed to them by His Excellency the Governor, and dated Whitehall, 23d April 1798, relative to the Increase of Negroes, and the Melioration of their State.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed^ as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read; Farther Coo-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of sideration of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were present- Account!^ -

ed f#rred.

Ways and M.ans, deferred.

Newfoundland Ships Bill, deferred.

Bill to amend the Income Duty Act, deferred.

linen Bounty Bill, reported. (Expiring Law.)

Prince Edward's and Prince Er-ndt's Annuity Bill, paB'cd.

39 Geo. III. 15® — i 6a 373

ed to the House upon the 2 2d Day of January last, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the India Company) be taken into further Confederation upon Morning next.

Refolded ', That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Ships to fail from certain Ports of the Island of Newfoundland without Convoy, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Time for returning Assessments under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contributiop for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income " in lieu of the said Duties," was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 16° Martii;

Anno 39® Georgii IIItU Regis, 1799. Prayers.

MR. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of and Irijk

Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House.; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The Bill, now ingrafted, for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Edward, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Ernest Augufus, during His Majesty's Pleasure, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Edward, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Ernest August during His Majesty's Pleasure.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 54.

The Bill, now ingrafted, to enable llis Majesty to settle on Her Royal Highness the Princei's Amelia, Part of the Annuity of Thirty Thousand Pounds which His Majesty was enabled to settle on their Royal Highneftes His Majesty's other Daughters, out of the Hereditary Revenues, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable 1 Iis Majesty to settle on her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia, Part of the Annuity of Thirty Thousand Pounds per Annum, which His Majesty was enabled to settle on their Royal Highnclies His Majesty's other Daughters, out of the Hereditary Revenues, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had tli-rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Twenty-six Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe Emigrants, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Time for returning Assessments under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an " Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for " granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties," as amended, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to-by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Clergymen having an Income under a certain Sum.

And the said Clause was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

5 C A Mef-

Princess Amt? ln\Annuify Bill, passed.

Report Supply.

Secret Sendee.

French Refugees and American Lcyalilts.

Turkey Com pany.

Re-committed Bill to amend the Income Duty Act, reported.

16 — 18® Martii.

The Lords have agreed to

CtmbrickBilL

The Lords

have passed William Henry Ricketts's PivorcC Bill.

Volunteer Corps, Exemption Bill, reported.

Bill to amend A6h respect-ingProvisional Cavalry , reported.

Report on Scotch Distillery additional Duty Act.

374

A. 1799-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, videlicet, on the Sixth of June One thousand Seven

hundred and Ninety-seven, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manufacture of except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Henry Ricketts, Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Jane Lambert, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for exempting Persons, serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations, from being ballotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

* malted Grain uled in Distillation, in Scotland; and " for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in land."

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Duties granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on Distilleries in the l'everal Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in , and for granting certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, should be continued, and the said Act amended.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Sargent, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

JLurtcz, 18® die Martii;

Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and for making further Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive, continue, " until the Tenth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend, an Act, palsed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly. described, for a limited " Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries

in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for grant-« ing to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on un-8

Anno 39 Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1799.

Praters.

/GEORGE Erck and John Gabriel Migault took the ErckandMt- Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization. 8auIt fwom‘

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspector Account of General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain,

attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, ported.

An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation fcat Sugar and Rum imported into, and exported from.

Great Britain, between the 5th Day of January 1797 and the 5th Day of January 1798; distinguishing the Places from whence the same have been imported, with the Amount of the Duties received, and the Drawback and Bounties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other.

Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open fare Bill, 19. Common Fields, Common Downs, and all Common- Porte< able Places and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Eaflon, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

Satisfaction

Horton Inclosure Kill, committed.

Dumfries and Roxburgh Roads Bill, presented.

Braun's Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

The Lords have agreed to

t

Prince Edward's and Prince Ernest's Annuity Bill.

Princess Amelia's Annuity Bill.

Keninghall Inclosure Bill, reported *

39 Geo. III. i8° Martit. 375

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Horton, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bernard, Sir William Young, Sec.: And they are to meet this Af ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir George Douglas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Lorents Braun, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, Jhat this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Macdonald and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Edward, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Ernest Augustus, during His Majesty's Pleasure; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to settle on Her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia, Part of the Annuity of Thirty Thousand Pounds per Annum, which His Majesty was enabled to settle on their Royal Highnesses His Majesty's other Daughters, out of the Hereditary Revenues, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Keninghall, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of £.98. ior. who rcfuled to sign the Bill,

Vol. 54.

and that the Whole of the Property, belonging to Per Tons interested in the Inclosure, is of the Annual Value of £.2,296. 10 s.and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of BreJJtngham and in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over,' and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-fent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Breffingham, of the Annual Value of £.10. 10s. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure within the said Parish is of the Annual Value of £.987; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates within the Parish of Fersfield, of the Annual Value of £.20. ior. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure within the said Parish of Fersfield, is of the Annual Value of £.853; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thert a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for naturalizing John Gabriel Migault, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Sargent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing George Erck, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Robson, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Wednesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Taylor, of the Haymarket, Esquire, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the next Easier Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Middlesex» and Three Times in The fondon Gazette, in

the

Brelfmgham and Fersfield Inclosure Bill reported *

Mi vault's Nat. Bill, committed.

Erck'» Nat. Bill, committed.

Leave granted for Notices for widening^ &c. Streets leading from the Haymarket.

Glasgow Two Pennies Scot! Bill, presented.

fort Glasgow and Newark Two Pennies Scots Bill, presented.

Bill respect-

ir.g Ortences committed at 6ea, ordered.

Accounts of Balances and Arrears, ordered *

376 l8" Martii. 1799.

the present Month of Marchand in the Month of April next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the said Report.

Mr. McDowall presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and Village of -bals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' Mr. McDowall presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, for charging a Duty of Twopennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Privileges thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Law respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas: And that Sir William Scott, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Perceval, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Balances acknowledged to be due to the Public, upon Accounts delivered into the Offices of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, since the 5th of July 1785; and also, an Account of the Balances due to the Public upon declared Accounts, so far as the respective Accounts of the said Balances can be made out, to the 5th of January 17991 distinguishing the Names of the Persons from whom, and the Service in respect of which such Balances are or were due; toge-gether with the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Balances due on the 5th Day of January 1799, from all Persons whole Accounts have been examined by the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, and reported upon to the Treasury, during the present War; distinguishing the Names of such persons, and in what Capacity they are or were employed, the Sums originally reported to be due from them, and when, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1799, from the Officers of the Customs in Great Britain, {or Twenty-five Years preceding that Date, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situations they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1799, from the Officers t>f Excise in Great Britain, for Twenty-five Years preceding that Date, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and for what Collections they are or were employed, the Sums originally ,duc from them, and when, and the Amount and Dates

of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid by-fore this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the ill of August 1798, from the Distributors of Stamps

in Great Britain, for Twenty-iiye Years preceding that Date, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Distributors, and for what Counties they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, on the 10th Day of October 1798, and on the 5th of January 1799, respectively; distinguishing the Names of the Distributors, and for what Counties, and the Amount of their respective Disbursements for Incidents during each of the said Periods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1799, from the Receivers General of the Land and Afi'clled Taxes, in Great Britain, for Twenty-five Years preceding that Date, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Receivers, and for what Places they are or were Receivers, the Sums originally due, and when, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1799, from the Officers of "the Post Office in Great Britain, for Twenty-five Years preceding that Date, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situations they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof. '

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Amount of the Balances due on the 5th of January 1799, from the several Persons employed in receiving or collecting the Revenues of the Crown Lands, for Twenty-five Years preceding that Date, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Persons, and for what Branches or Districts they are or were employed, the Balances due upon the Account then last made up, the Date from whence such Balances respectively began to accrue, and the Periods to which the same are computed, together with the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been since made in Discharge thereof.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer preftnted to the House, by His Majesty's Command,.

Copy of His Majesty's Proclamation, of 15th March 1799, prohibiting all Persons (except such as are excepted therein) from landing in this Country from Ireland, unless they shall produce Passports ligned by the Lord Lieutenant, his Chief or Under Secretaries, the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of some City or Town in Ireland, or one of the General Officers com-' mantling the Forces within the several Districts in the said Kingdom.

And the Title of the said Proclamation was read.

The said Proclamation is as followeth; viz.

By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

Whereas We have reason to apprehend that divers Persons, engaged in the treasonable Conspiracy against Us in our Kingdom of Ireland, which lately

manifested

Proclamation respecting Persons coming from Ireland; prelieuted.

The Lords havcagreed to

Much Wenlock Roads BUI.

B uric? was Bridge Road B.!l.

39 Geo. III. 18 a Martii.377

manifested itself in open Acts of Rebellion and War against Us in our laid Kingdom, have not abandoned their treasonable Deligns against Us; and acting in Concert with Our Foreign Enemies, are preparing to assist Our laid Enemies, in an Invasion of Our Kingdoms, and for that Purpose are endeavouring to incite and Itir up Rebellion and War against Us in this Kingdom: We have therefore thought it necessary, for the Safety of Our Kingdoms, to prevent all Persons engaged in such treasonable Designs, from passing from Our find Kingdom of Ireland into this Kingdom, and We do for that Purpose, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, order, and do hereby.strictly charge and command, that, from and after the Twentieth Day of MarchInstant, no Person whatsoever be permitted

to pals from Our said Kingdom of Ireland into this Kingdom, except such Persons as shall be in O'ur Service,' and actually so employed; and such Persons as shall obtain a Paisport for that Purpose from Our Lord Lieutenant of Our said Kingdom of Ireland, his Chief or Under Secretaries, the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of lbme City or Town in Ireland, or one of Our General Officers commanding Our Forces within the several Districts in Our said Kingdom: And by and with the Advice aforesaid. We do further order, and hereby strictly charge and command, that no Person whatsoever (except as aforesaid) coming from Our said Kingdom of Ireland, be permitted to land in this Kingdom without Our Licence for that Purpose first obtained; and that all such Persons (except as aforesaid) who shall land, or attempt to land, in this Kingdom without such Licence as aforesaid, shall be forth- with taken into Custody, and detained in Custody until Our Pleasure shall be further known: And We do further order and require, that all Persons having such Passportj as aforesaid, shall produce the same to some Officer of Our Customs, at the Port or Place to which such Persons fha.Il come, before such Persons shall be permitted to land at such Port or Place: And We do hereby, by and with the Advice aforesaid strictly enjoin, require, and command, all and singular Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Constables, and all other Our Officers and Subjects, to use their ut-most Endeavours for the due Execution of these Our Commands.

Given at Our Court at S James's, the Fifteenth

Day of March One thousand Seven hundred

and Ninety-nine, in the Thirty-ninth Year of Our

Reign COD save the KING.

the last mentioned Road; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Adrien Pn-for naturalizing Adrien Charles Pa pi lion; without any s Jt‘ Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Vessels, with their Ton-nage and Number of Men, that have cleared out from Liverpool lor Liverpool for the Coast of Africa, from the 28th of Africa, or-June last, as far as the same can be made up, with the e Quantity of Goods composing their Cargoes, distinguishing their Species, and whether of British or Foreign Manufacture, and also the Amount of the Convoy Duties paid or payable thereon.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Duties ort resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ooood" to be consider of the Duties payable on the Import and considereJ. Export of Goods imported into this Kingdom, arid sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refclve itself into the said Committee.

Overseers Afliiiant Bill deferred.

Mr. Rofepresented to the House, according to Or- Scotch Divi-

der, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties ort Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Dillillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland: And the lilme was received; and read the First Time -

Resolved, That (he fiill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Proclamation do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. IVII mot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Adb, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, in the Town of Much IVen/ock, and from Glecton Hill to Cressage, in the County of Salop-, without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the 'Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, pnfl'ed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Birches Brook to Bridge, and from

thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road at ‘Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop, lo far as relates to VoL. 54. v

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Volunteer Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for exempting Corps, &c. Persons, serving in Vokinteer Corps and Associations, BUllpaikd. from be ns: ballotted for the Militia, under certain

o

Conditions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly J The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for exempting, during the present War

Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations, from being ballotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions. '

Ordered, That Mr. Hujhifibn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the D.ly, for the Third SiiHorr-wi Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to repeal certain Acts retped-Parts of Three Acts, made in the Thirty-seventh r.nd Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Ma- p.-sita. jesty, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry', and for making further Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is no v actually called out and erhbodied, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts,

5 D made

LincnBounty Bill, puffed. (Expiring Law).

Bill to amend the Income Duty Act, passed.

18° MartiL A. 1799.

made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and for making further Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is new actually called out and embodied.

Ordered, That Mr. Hnjkijfondo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to continue, for a further Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the Thirteenth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax.

Ordered, That Mr. William do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for extending the Time for returning Assessments under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made " in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an " Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the " War, and to make more effectual Provision for the " like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time/

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 16. To leave out from " to' to the End of 1. 17, and insert " explain and " amend the said Act' instead thereof.

1. 35. T© leave out "Twenty-fifth " and insert " Fifth " and to leave out " March " and insert " " in-

stead thereof.

Pr. 23. 1. 25. After " Commissioners " to insert " although such Persons shall not be qualified as in the said recited " Act is directed."

?r. 39. 1. 4. After " Mines " to insert " tnfurance " Offices from Fire,"

1. 12. To leave out " Cafe" and insert " Cafes " instead thereof; and after " Mines " to insert " Insurance " Offices from Fire."'

Pr. 48. 1, 15. After " First Fruits " to insert " Duties and Fees on Presentation."

Pr. 51. 1. 2t. After " Abatement " to insert " after " the Rate."

Pr. 53. 1. 17. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of 1. 22.

Pr. 54. At the End of same 7, to insert " in this " and in all Cases in which an " Abatement is, intended to be " claimed for a Child or Children, " the following Words shall be ad-

7

" ded, " subject to the Abatement " claimed by me on Account ot a " Child or Children, by virtue ol " the said Acts."

Pr. 54. 1. 19. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to the End of 1. 23.

Pr. 55- 1- 23. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to the End of 1. 28.

Pr. 56. 1. 24. To leave out from the Beginning of the Linft to the End of 1. 29.

Pr. 58. 1. 1. To leave out from the Beginning of the LinO, to the End of 1. 6.

1. 14. To leave out " them " and insert " such Commissioners " instead thereof.

Pr. 59. 1. 16. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to the End of 1. 21.

Pr. 60. 1. 21. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to the End of 1. 26.

Pr. 61. 1. 28. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to the End of 1. 33.

Pr. 62. 1. 32. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to the End of 1. 37.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extending the Time for returning Statements under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties " imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for " the Prosecution of the War, and to make more " effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting " certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said " Duties," and to amend the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve °a

itself into a Committee of the whole House,-to con- aiuUmpom-fider of the Exportation and Importation of Copper. ,ion

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said psr' Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves mit the Trad-on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, be now ing for Slave , read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of certain West India Merchants, against the said Bill, being offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Petition be brought up.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House,

withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow " Morning" and inferring the Words " upon this " Day Four Months " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words "Tomorrow Morning " stand Part of the Question;

The

39 Geo. III. i8a — 19 Martii. 379

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TcllOTfo,.h=Yca,{^®2"","" }'

Tellers for the Noes.j^ 22.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon this Day Four Months" be inferred instead thereof j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{Mr.

(Mr. Gajcoynet y

Tellers for the Noes, Long, 7

(Mr. Henry Thornton: y

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division

by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present j

and it being then after Four of the Clock j

22.

12.

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put till Tomorrow Morn' ing, Ten of the Clock.

Rights of Commdn, Shecpwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do <;arry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Keuncial! the Whole Year Lands, Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, Lnf.loiu[r and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of ,in

the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 50. 1. 8 After " Benefit " to insert rt if they " shall be Tenants in Fee Simple,

" or Tenants for Life without Im- peachment of Waste j but not otherwise."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Whole Year Lands, Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence!

Martisy 1 gf° die Martii;

Anno 39® Georgii IIP!' Regis, 1799.

P R A T E R S.

Crinan Can,! A B1 f L and rendering rhore effec-

Biii, commit- X tual, an Act, passed in the rhirty^third Year of d the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

" for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gi/p to Loch Cri, in the Shire of Argyll," was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

< »! Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to ported'. 're whom the Bill for naturalizing John Gabriel,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment j and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

fereffingbahi An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, indofureBili the Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and passed. 'Waste Lands, within the Parishes of BreJJingham and Fersfeld, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 52. J. 35. After "Benefit" to insert " if they shall be Tenants in Fee Simple, " or Tenants for Life without 1mpeachment of Waste, but not " otherwise."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refo/ved, That the Bil 1 do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Brejfngham and Fersfeld, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all

Vpi. 541

Mr. Alderman Curtispresented to the House, accord- ®ffng°poCr?u~ ing to Order, a Bill for regulating the Rates of Porter- terage.m age to be taken by Innkeepers and other Persons, London, &« within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough pre elUct ' of Southwark, and Places adjacent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Kirkby ktry-the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are rit!on^e-Pe thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and ported, others, Trustees for executing Two several Acts of Parliament, the former passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of IVefmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster, and the latter passed in the

Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said former Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table j Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Atkinson, being examined, said, That the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the same in Execution, and have made great Progress in the Repair and Improvement of the said Road, and for the Purpose of doing, have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts; which Money, as well as the said Tolls, have been duly expended and applied. That the Money so borrowed is still remaining due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King

Tynl mouth inclolu rc KcxwU Bill, presented.

&c. Roads Bill, committed.

r

Petition of Owners of Irongate, &c. Wharfs, against Lyndon Docks Bill.

190 Mar tit. . 1799.

George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirk by Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby , in the County of

Lancaster: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. of Lancashire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bur, Ionpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for altering, explaining, and amending, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common " Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Tynemouth " Moor, Shire Moor, Bilh M, or Mill Moor,

within the Manor of Tynemouth, otherwise Tynemouth " Shire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouth Shire, in the County of NorthumberlandAnd the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing, altering, amending, and enlarging, Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from an Intrenchment on Hill, through Bridport, to Penn Inn; from Bridport to Bcaminster; from the North End of the South Street of Bridport to Bridport Harbour; from the North Turnpike Gate at Beaminster to Beaminster ,otherwise Wood

Common, and to Lett ham's W, all in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed ta Mr. day, Mr. Francis John Browne, Sec,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

mily Settlements and other Securities, and the Petitioners can only be rendered secure of the Compensation for the Loss of their present Rights and Interests by a full, sufficient, and adequate Fund being let apart for their Indemnity, by proper Provisions in the said Bill:

And. therefore praying, rfhat they may he heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that Provision may be made therein lor indemnifying the Petitioners and all other Persons being Owners of, or interested in, the said Wharfs and Warehouses, for all such Loss, Damage, and Injur}', as they may sustain from the Operation and Consequences of the said Bill, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House flndl seem m£cf.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition', if they tlpnk fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counibl to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Overseer Af-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of William Mafhit, on Behalf of himself and others. Owners and Occupiers of certain Wharfs and Quays, called Irongate Wharfs and Saint Catherine's Wharf, near the Tower of London, and of certain Warehouses adjoining thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Pocks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth. That the said Wharfs have been employed as Public Wharfs for landing Foreign Goods by Sufferance, under the Authority of Parliament, and of certain Royal Commissions proceeding under such Authority, and Irongate Wharf has been a Public Sufferance Wharf for upwards of One Hundred Years last past; and that the said Wharfs and the Warehouses adjoining thereto are of great Value to the Petitioners, some of whom depend upon the Rents thereof, or the Business transacted at them, for the Support of themselves and Families, and they will be injured if the Business which has been carried on there, should be removed from thence to Wapping-, and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the necessary Consequence will be the Removal of the Trade, either wholly or in a great Degree, from the said Wharfs and Warehouses, and the Places where it has heretofore been carried on under the Authority aforesaitl; and that the Petitioners Ancestors and Predecessors, and they themselves, have, from Time to Time, laid out large Sums of Money upon the said Wharfs, and in erecting and improving the said Warehouses, in the just and reasonable Expectation that the Trade of the City of London would continue to be carried on as heretofore; and that the Petitioners have, at all Times, used their utmost Endeavours to render the said Wharfs and Warehouses commodious to the Merchants of the City of London, and to Persons appointed to condustand manage the Affairs of the Revenue within the Port of London, and have, since 1786, expended upwards of £.10,000, in improving the same; and that the said Property thus established has become, and is now, the Subject of Fa-

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart reported from the Committee ScconHReport appointed to enquire into the State of the Her- from Commit-

ring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for j^eries.nm their Improvement and Extension, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and to whom the Petition of the Fish Curers and others, concerned in the Fisheries of Hajling, Rye, Brighthelmfione, and New Romney, in the

Counties of Sussex and Kent, was referred; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to' them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and the llefolu-tions of the Committee are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Bounties per Ton ought to be granted to Vel-fels employed in the British Herring Fishery, except for the Time and within the Limits specified.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Bounty of Ten Shillings for every Ton be allowed, for Two Years, from the 5th of 1799 to the 5th of April 1801, to the Owner of ever}' Buis or Veil'd of not less than Fifteen Tons Burthen, which has received the Tonnage Bounty in any of the Three preceding Years, and the Crews of which shall, in the Space of Twelve Months, take or purchase from British Fishermen, off any Part of the Coast of Scotland to the North of Oban, and to the West of Head, or

Off the Coasts of any of the neighbouring I (lands, such a Quantity of Herrings as shall amount, when completely cured, either as \Vhite Herrings or as Red, to the Proportion of, Five Barrels of Herrings, of Thirty-two Gallons English Wine Measure each, for every Ton of her Burthen, by Admeasurement.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Bounty of Five Shillings per Ton should be allowed from , the 5th of April 1801 to the 5th of April 1804, upon the same Terms.

30 Geo. Ill 19 Martii. $8x

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Cotntnittee, That fuel) Bufles or Vessels ought to be subject to no Regulations with refnedt to the Quantity of Salt, Bar rels, or Netting, the Number of Men to be carried out, the Period of clearing out or the Time during which they shall be employed in the said Fishery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all White Herrings intended for Exportation (except to Ireland or the North- of Europe) shall be com pletely cured, and Twice packed in carrels of Oak, Elm, Beech, Birch, Alh, Time, Plane Tree, or Alder, containing Thirty-two Gallons each, and full bound.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all White Herrings intended for Home Consump-iion, or for Exportation to Ireland, or the North of Europe, shall be completely cured, and packed in Barrels of Thirty-two Gallons of the same Materials, and Quarter bound,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Ungutted Herrings shall be packed in the same Barrels with those which are gutted j and that these different Sorts shall be distinguimed by fomevifible and apparent Mark Upon the Barrels.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Barrels in which Herrings shall be packed shall be of the same Thickness as is now required by Law.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Barrel, of Thirty-two Gallons of Gutted Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for Exportation (except to Ireland or the North of Europe) be granted a Bounty of Two Shillings, for Five Years, commencing from the jth of April 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Barrel, of Tmrty-two Gallons, of Ungutted Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for Exportation (except to Ireland or the North of Europe) be granted, during the same Term, a Bounty of One Shilling and Nine Pence,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Barrel, of Thirty-two Gallons, of Gutted Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for Home Consumption, or for Exportation to Ireland, or the North of Europe, be granted, during the same Term, a Bounty of One Shilling and Nine Pence.-Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Barrel, of Thirty-two Gallons, of Ungutted Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for Home Conl'umption, dr for Exportation to Ireland, or the North of Europe, be granted, during the same Term, a Bounty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Barrel, of Thirty-two Gallons, of Red Herrings, completely packed and Cured, -be grahted, during the same Term, a Bounty of Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the above Bounties be granted, in Addition to the Bounties now granted by Law, on the Exportation of Herrings, and paid by the Collectots of the Port at which and by whom they are ascertained, in all Cases in which it shall be practicable without Detriment to the Revenue.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Ports and Places in , situated to the

Northward of the Fiftieth Degree Of North Latitude, shall, for the Purpose of the preceding Resolutions, be deemed to be the North of Europe,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Bounty be payable upon any Herrings, until they shall have been ini'pedted and approved by the proper Officer.

ReJ'o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it shall be lawful to cure and fell Red Herrings for immediate Home Consumption, commonly called Bloated Herrings, without packing them in Barrels. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vo L. 54.

That such Red Herrings, commonly called Bloated Herrings, as are cured for immediate Home Consumption, Without being packed into Barrels, shall be ‘ in spedted by the proper Officer as to the Sufficiency of their Cure, and shall not be entitled to any Bounty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-That the Quantity of Salt, for which Credit shall be allowed to the Curers of Herrings, ought to be fixed with a Reference to the various Classes distinguished in the preceding Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of White Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for Exportation (except to Ireland or the North of Europe) shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt, not exceeding 3 { Bushels, of 19$ Pounds.

Resolved\That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of White Herrings, packed ana cured in the Manner required for Exportation to land or the North of Europe, shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt not exceeding 2 Bushels, or 11 a Pounds, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of White Herrings, packed and cured for Home Consumption, shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt not exceeding 1 \ Bushel, or 84 Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of foil Red Helrings, shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt not exceeding 1 Bushel and 9 Pounds, or 65 rounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Bartel of clean Shotten Red Herrings, shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt not exceeding One Bushel, or 36 Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every One Thousand of foil Red Herrings, commonly called Bloated Herrings, cured unbarrelled for Home Consumption, shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt, not exceeding One Bushel, or 56 Pounds, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every One Thousand of clean Shotten Red Herrings, commonly called Bloated Herrings, cured unbarrelled for Home Consumption, shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt, not exceeding 48 Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Quantities of Salt now allowed by Law Dutyfree for the Cure of Fish, except in the Cafes in which they are varied by the preceding Resolutions, shall be allowed, as well Upon Fish cured for Home Consumption as on those which are cured for Exportation, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Power should be given to some proper Officer to make a further Allowance of Salt, in Cafes in which the Necessity of a second re-packing of the Fish, after it has been completely cured, shall be proved in a satisfactory Manner.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Nets shall be used for the Purpose of catching Herrings of which the Me(hes.shall measure less than One Inch from Knot to Knot,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Power ought to be given to some proper Officer to settle Disputfcs among the Persons employed in the Hefting Fishery, and to punish Offenders against the Regulations which are or may be established, in a summary Manner,

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Reptort Which, Upon the 2 2d Day of December last, was made from the same Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the (kid Repost, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papdfs of this Session.

N. B, A printed Copy is with the Original,

5 E Qrd(r(dt

382

190 Martii.

A. 1799-

Committee on Report of Herring Fisheries deterred.

Account of Demands on the Ordnance out (landing, presented.

Newfoundland Ships Bill, reported.

Williams's Divorce Bill, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

so resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

A Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others Petition of interested in the British West India Islands, was presented to confide r of the Report which, upon the 22d Day to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill} against, pre-' of December last, was made from the Committee ap- and Setting forth. That the Principle, and several of the pointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Provisions thereof, are highly injurious to the Interests W1 wn Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their of the Petitioners, and of others for whomvthey are con-improvement and Extension, be now read. cerned; and that the Petitioners having experienced, in

And the said Order being read accordingly; a recent Inllance, the Determination of the House on a

Resolved, That , this House will, upon Monday Fort- Question relative to the Abolition of the Slave Trade, night, the 8th Day of April next, resolve itfelfinto the mull consider the present Bill in no other Light than as said Committee. tending to defeat the Justice and Wisdom of that De-

termination, by effecting in Parts, and at different Mr. Sargent presented to the House, pursuant to their Times, that Object, concerning which the House has so Order, recently decided, and this without offering to the House,

An Account of Demands on the Ordnance out- in the Preamble of the said Bill, any just or reasonable Handing on the 5th January 1799, distinguishing the Grounds for such a Proceeding: And therefore praying. Particulars of which such Demands consist, and also That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the Prin-what Part of the said Demands was then provided for, ciple and Provisions of the said Bill, and that it may not and in what Manner, and what Part thereof, was then pass into a Law.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by Counsel, against the said The said Account is preserved amongst the other Bill, upon their Petition, if they think, fit;

Papers of this Session. An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

Question, by leaving out from the Word "Table" to Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the End of the Question. the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit Ships to And the Question being put, That the Words profail from certain Ports of the Island of Newfoundland posed to be left out, stand Part of the Question; without Convoy, was committed, be now received. r,'< TT r 1 1 J

[unprovided for.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do. lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. William Adams accordingly reported' from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon, the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be'read the Third Time if the said Bill shall be then

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas £ ^r *

1 eliers for the 1 eas, J Mf ?ed( .

23 *

Motion for Second Reading of Bill to limit the Trading for Slavei.

Tellers for the Noes.{ ( 3 '

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be rejected;

And it being desired that the said Petition might be withdrawn;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And the said Petition was also, with Leave of the House, withdrawn. 1

A Petition of John Anderson and Alexander Anderson, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, , of Ph London^ Merchants, Proprietors of Ban-ce manci

upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Island, in the River Sierra Leone, on the Windward Coast against D " Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Williams with of Africa, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Bill Mary Charlotte his now Wife, late Mary Charlotte Willis, forth, That, by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year , and to enable him to marry again, and for other Pur- of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the Application of poses therein mentioned; a Sum of Money therein mentioned, granted to his Ma-

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, jesty for making Compensation and Satisfaction to the ' Royal African Company of England, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, " that whereas it appears that a certain

Tomorrow Morning, ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Petition of Proprietors of

resolve itself into the said Committee.

Notice being taken of the Proceedings of the House . Yesterday, when the House adjourned, on the Question respecting the Appointment of the Time for the Second Reading of the Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting therein the Words " upon this " Day Four Months."

And the Question being put, That those words be . there inserted;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

fMr. Dent,

(Mr. GaJ'coyne:

(Sir Richard Hill, >

(Mr. Henry Thornton So it passed in the Negative.

Ano ther Amendment was proposed to be made the Question, by inserting therein the Word now."

27.

32'

to

a

Island, situate on the River Sierra Leone, on the said " Coast of Africa, called Bance Island, with a Fort " and Buildings thereon, having been formerly in the " Possession of the said Royal African Company, was, " in the Year 1728, deserted by the said Company " and their Agents, and the said Fort for some Time " past has been in the Possession of Alexander,

" John Sargent, and Richard Oswald, of London, Merchants, who have disbursed a considerable Sum on " the Preservation and Improvement of the said Island " and Fort, and for which it isjuft and reasonable they should have a Recompence, and that the said Alexander Grant, John Sargent, and Richard Oswald, should be at Liberty to continue in the quiet Possession of the " said Island, Fort, and Buildings thereon, and that the " same should from thenceforthcontinue and be absolutely vested in them, their Heirs, and Assigns;" and that, upon the Faith of the Right granted, and the Protection afforded to them by the said Act, they established large ' Fastoriej

CC

39 Geo. III.

19° — 2o®

383

Factories upon the said Island, with many dependant Factories in the Neighbourhood, and invested a very great Capital therein; and that the Petitioners afterwards purchased the Right and Interest of the Persons entitled to the said Island, with the Slaves and other Property thereon, and are now the foie Proprietors thereof; and chat the Petitioners now have a very large Capital invested in the said Settlement and Factory, which the Petitioners have employed in the African Slave Trade, upon the Faith of the Right vested in them by the said Act; and they apprehend that, by the Bill now depending in Parliament, it is intended to prohibit the Trading lor Slaves on that Part of ^le Coast of Africa, which includes the Whole of Bance Island-, and that, by such Prohibition, the said Factory will become useless to the Petitioners, and the Capital employed, and now veiled therein, will be wholly loft; and that, in the Year 1794, by an Invasion of American and French Subjects, the Property of the Petitioners on the said Island alone, to the Amount of £.20,000 Sterling, and upwards, was destroyed, and the Petitioners have since replaced and laid out the Amount of such Property l'o destroyed, and have, at a great Rifle and Labour, and at an immense Expence, established a great Trade at the said Island, and they did so upon the Assurance and Belief that, by the said Act, the Property of the said Island, and the Right of carrying on their Trade there, was as perfectly veiled in and secured to them as any other Species of Property which the Subjects of this Realm possess under the Sandtion and Protection of the Law: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass,

Mercurii, 20° die Martii;

Anno 390 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

THE House was moved, That the Report, which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Report be re committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham, to -

lands, in the Parish of Sadd/eu in the County of Turk, and from Oldham to Afliton under, Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of , in the said County

Palatine of Lancaster: And the same w'as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Report on Petition for Provision in M igor and Chepstow, &c. Z<oads Bill, re-qouuaittccL

Mancliefler and Auller-lands, 6cc. RoacU Bill, presented.

Mr. , of presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and An,u therefore praying, inai ine uut ntumay 1101 pars, aheri and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, patted £"

and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Coun. in the^phird and 'Lventy-third Years of the Reign of fc‘, against the lame. His present Majesty King George the Third, for repair-

A Mot, on was made and the Questton being pro- £idcning> and keeping in Repair, the Road front posed. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, in the County of ^werrW, to JC/rhiy

I in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kirkby Kendal Roads Bill, present-

until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Words " Second " Time," to the End of the Question.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out. Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended^ being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

And the Question being put, That the Word be inserted in the original Question;

The House divided.

William Henry Ricketts's Divorce Bill, read.

" now,"

The Yeas went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Nocs,|

31-

12.

Mr. Buxton,

Mr.

Mr. Sewell,

Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

And the Question, so amended, being proposed;

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to diflfolve the Marriage of William Henry Ricketts, Esquire, with the Right hdnourable Lady Elizabeth Jane Lamb art, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kempe presented to the House, according to Lewes and Order, a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term granted by Two several Acts, of the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of His present Majesty, and to enlarge and extend the Powers given by the said Acts, and by Two former Acts, of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Levees, and certain other Roads in the County of Sussex, named and described in the said Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Witch cross, &c. Roads Bill, pre rented.

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to ... resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Ten of the Clock. dissolve the Marriage of William Williams with Mary

Charlotte his now Wife, late Mary Charlotte Wil/is, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes -therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pitt reported from the Committee, That . they had heard Counsel, and examined Witness'es, for the said Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared 0I- 54- before

Williams' Divorce Bill, con lidered and reported *

1

384. 20 Martii.

A. 799-

before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time, williams' Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Divorce BUI Ordered, That Mr. John do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Bilirefpeaing Sir William Scott presented to the House, according to wittedatsea, ^rc^er>a Bill for remedying certain Defeats in the Law yrefented. respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 3d Day of April next.

Newfound- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bait paf£d. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to permit Ships to ' fail from certain Ports of the Island of Newfoundland

without Convoy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to permit Ships to fail from certain Ports of - the Island of Newfoundland, and from the Coast of Labrador, without Convoy.

Ordered, That Mr. John Jeffery do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lords have agreed to

Sail Cloth Bill.

(Expiring

Law.)

Brixham Quay, Sec.

Bill.

Whitebum and Kelso Road Bill.

Bill for confirming an Agreement for Nether Seal Inclosure,

Bill to continue English Smdll Notes At\, with Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wilmot: *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred. Ml Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the Sixth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Nitiety-seven, for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to' of Sail Cloth or Canvas, of the Manufacture df Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords of the Manor of Brixham, in the County of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild, the Pier or Quay at Brixham 'Quay, within the said Manor, to improve the Harbour there, to regulate the Moorings of Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act for making and maintaining the Road from or near Wkitebutn> in the County of Berwick, to the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, to continue for Twenty-orie Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliaments without any Amend -taent; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields and Pastures, within the Manors or Lord ships of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the ParHh of Nether Seal, in the Counties df Leicester and Derby, or one of them, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Ten, videlicet, on the Fourth Day of January One thousand Swen hundred and Ninety-ninfe, for continuing several Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh, and in the Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for suspending the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Yeatt of tire. Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation df Frtr-miffory Notes.and Bills of Exchange, urider a limited Sum, Within that Part of Great Britain called England-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the End of the neJct Session of Patlia ment, an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Ten, videlicet, on the Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks and certain Banking Companies in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to ifthe Notes for Sums under a certain Amount; with some Amendmentsf to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Ri; to which the Lends desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Humbert', to which the Lands desire the Concurrence of this House: Atid also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing tYancis Henry Chriflin-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Teh, videlicet, on the Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh, and in the Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for fiifpending the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 11. Leave out from " the" to " and" in Line 13, of the same Press, and insert " Twenty-fifth Day of May next."

In the Title of the BUI. - .

1. 1. Leave out from ' the" to u an" in Line 2, and insert " Twenty-fifth " Day of May next,"

I. 4. Leave out " Ten," and insert " Nine."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberfarce Bird do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Rigaud, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secoqd Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker, " '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax; without any Amendment: And also,

9 The

Bill to continue Scotch Small Notes Act, with Amendment *

The Lords have passed Rigaud' NaL

BiuL

Humbert's Nat. JiilL

ChrifHn'sNat.

Bill.

Lords Amendments to Bill to continue English Small Notes A&, agreed to.

1

Rigaud Nat. Bill, read.

The Lords have agreed to

BiH to amend Land Tax Re *

demotion

Ait

39 Geo. III.

20° Martii.

38$

Bill to amend Act rel'pest-kg Provision-al Cavalry.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prison in , and to report

to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the the fame, as it shall appear to them, together with their Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of Opinion thereupon, to the House, that they do visit the His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of said Prison.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn i I

linen Bounty Bill.

(Expiring

Law.)

Cosport and Fareliam, &c. Botds Bill.

Severn Towing Path Bill.

Cavalry, and for making further Provision retpefting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied; without any Amendment: And also, Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Message tent

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act acquaint their Lordships, that the Bill presented to them to continue, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One upon Monday last, for exempting, during the present Volunteer thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made in the Twenty- War, Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Affocia- CorP B)U« ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tions from being ballotted for the Militia, under certain the Second, Chapter Fifteen, videlicet, on the Thirteenth Conditions, was presented by Mistake.

Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and , Ordered, That Mr. do carry the said Message *

Fifty-five, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of to the Lords, and the proper Bill, and desire the Con-British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the currence of their Lordships thereto.

Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns

made of Flax; without any Amendment: And also, . Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Committee 01 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, t)

to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to for the greater Accommodation and Security of Ship- r,t notwith-the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the ping. Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of landing Ad-Term, and to amend the Powers, of an Act, passed in London, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstand-the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ing any Adjournment of the House. for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport,

through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishop's Waltham, and OrdThat the Committee, to whom the Bill

from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond, in the Parish for rendering more commodious, and for better regu-of Chawton, all in the County of Southamptonwithout lating, the Port of London, is committed, have Leave any Amendment: And also, to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth . The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lord A«end Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

" An_Afl for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session scotch — ---- _ - - of Parliament, an Act, passed in the Thirty-nihth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Ten, videlicet, on the Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-niqe, for continuing several

journment of the House,

Committee on London Port Bill, D°.

<c

or Passage for Horses on the Banks of the River,

between Bnvdley Bridge and a Place called The Meadow Wharfs at Coalbrook Dale, for haling and drawing Vessels along the said River, and for other

Notes Act, agreed to.

Purposes therein mentioned;" without any Amend- Acts for allowing the Banks and certain Banking Com-

Bill to am end the Income Duty Act, with Amendments.

ment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Time for returning Statements under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an " Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of . the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the " like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, " in lieu of the said Duties," and to amend the said Afl; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

lords A-mepdments to.

parnes in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as

followeth;

Pr. 6. 1. 4. Leave out from the first " the " to " and" in Line 5 of the same Press, and insert " Twenty-fifth Day of May " next." *

In the Title of the Bill.

1. 1. Leave out from "the" to "an" in Line 3, and insert " Twenty-fifth Day " of May next. "

The said Amendments being fevefally read a Second The House proceeded to take the said Amendments Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth, viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 6. Leave Out " Twenty."

1. 7. Leave out " March," and insert

April."

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas Saunders do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Bill to prohibit the Trading for Bill to limit

And it appearing that upon the Third Reading of Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, be

the said Bill in this House, on Monday last, an Amend ment was made in the Clause for extending the Time for delivering in the Statements of Income, from the 25th Day of March to the 5th Day of which Date was not

altered in a subsequent Part of the Clause, and that the Amendments made by the Lords were only for the Pur-

now read a Second Time.

; The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day

committed. _

pole of altering such Date, according to the manifest Fortnight, the 3d Day of April next, resolve itself

intention of this House;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, -were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the

into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bist.

The House was moved. That the Petition of John Petition of Anderson and Alexander , of Philpot Lane, London,

Merchants, Proprietors of Bance Island, in the River of referred, Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Sierra Leone, on the Windwajfd Coast of 4fruay which Counfeior-to the Amendments made by their Lordships. was Yesterday presented to the House, might be again dered‘

read.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, And the same being read accordingly;

That it be an Instruction to the Committee who are Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the appointed to enquire into the State of His Majesty V Consideration of the-laid Committee; and that the Vot, 54. 5 F Petitioners

Report on Exportation and Importation of Copper *

Wendovtr

VftiU

Committee 6n Duties upon Raft India Goods *

£i!i to amend Act for regulating the Shipping of Slaves, to be printed.

f^mmittee ou. Oyerieers AilUiftt Bill.

586 fio8 — 21'

Petitioners be He^rd, by their Counfeb before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit *

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Exportation and Importation of Copper, be now re ceived.

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had di reded him to report to the House j which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivefed in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the East India Company ought to be prohibited, for a limited Time, from contracting for any Copper Ore or Copper for the Purpose of Exportation, and from exporting, or permitting to be exported, any Copper Ore or Copper, except such as has been already contracted for.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That it is expedient that Copper Ore or Copper should be permitted to be imported for His Majesty's Service, without Payment of Duty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the find Resolutions: And that Mr. Sargent, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. RoJ'e, and Mr. Long, do prepire, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do' issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the pleding of a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of IVendover, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of George Canning, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Bbrough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Ltdia, with a Salary annexed' to the said Office.

» -

Resolved, That this. House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on tile Import and Export of Goods imported into this Kingdom, and sold at the ^ublip Sales of thp East India Company.

The H°ufe accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair:

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received; Tomorrow Morning. , .

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made- in the last Session ql Parliament, intituled,. ."An; Act for regulating, iC until the First Day of August One; thoilfand Seven1 " hundred and Ninety-nine, the Shipping and carrying " Slaves in British Vdills from the Coast of ," be

printed, as shall be sufficient for the Uleof the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being reiltl;

The House resolved itself into a.Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to author' rize the Appointment of Persons to alfift the Overseers' of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. , -:

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee, ' ' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ' *

Martli. A. 179

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That thejf had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. . '

Resolved\That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Taid Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 21° die Martii$

Anno 39 Georgii III' 1 Regis, 1799 *

1 /

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeomati Ulher of Royal Afiat the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtuft of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Defint of the Lords authorized ‘ by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned j and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify, the.

Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Kenyon, the: Marquis of Salisbury, and the Earl of Leicester, named also in

the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills j which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve Thousand Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince Edward, and a like Annuity of Twelve Thousand

Pounds on His Royal Highness Prince during His Majesty's Pleasure: .

An Act to enable His Majesty to settle on Her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia, Part of the Annuity of Thirty Thousand Pounds -per Annum, which His Majesty was enabled to settle on their Royal Highnesses His Majesty's other Daughters, out of the Hereditary Revenues, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty:

An Act for extending the Time for returning Statements under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties " imposed by wi Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for " the Prosecution of the War, and to make more ef —

‘Vfedtual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting " certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said " Duties,' and to amend the said Act:

- An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and Putchafe of the Land Tax:

An Act to continue, until the.Twenty-fourth Day ‘of June One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, ma<je in tjhe

Twenty-

V

3o Geo. lit di Marti, 38

Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Chapter Fifteen, on the Thirteenth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five, for granting a Bounty on Certain Species of British and Irfh Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of May next, an Act, made in the Thirty -ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Nine, videlicet, on the Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh, and in the Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ful pending the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of May next, an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Ten, Videlicet, On the Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to Blue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount:

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, videlicet, on the Sixth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for disallowing the Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Sail Cloth or Canvas, of the Manufacturee of Great Britain . *

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, videlicet, on the Sixth of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns into this Kingdom, not being of the Manu -facture of Ireland, except for the Purpose of being warehoused for Exportation:

An Act to repeal certain Parts of Three Acts, made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and for making further Provision respecting such Part of the Provisional Cavalry of this Kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Sa Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, Fleet Street, in the City of London:

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of'Oxford:

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the Pier of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, and for ther Purposes mentioned in the said Act:

An Act to enable the Lords of the Manor of Brixham,

' in the County of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild, the Pier or Quay at Brixham Quay, within the ' Vol 54.

said Manor, to improve the Harbour there, to regulate the Moorings ‘of Vessels therein, and to establish a Market there:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, Intermixed Pastures, Open Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Upton, in the County of Norfolk, and such Parts of the Open Fields, called Upton Field and Fishley Crofts, as lie in the Parish of in the said

County, and for draining the same:

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed i; the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making, and keeping in " Repair, a Road or Passage for Horses on the Bank?

" of the River Severn, between Bridge and a

* Place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale,

" for haling and drawing Vessels along the said River,

" and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the- End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, the one made and passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knarejin the County of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldjbrough Fields,

Allerton Mavileverer, and Scale Moor, to Greenhammertony

in the same County, and for making the same a high Carriage Road:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the Endof the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Yadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge toWetherby, and from thence to in the County of York, lo far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wethe and from thence to Boroughbridge:

An Act to continue, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the Borough of in the County of Worcester, to the Globe Inn, in Alcester, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of Tfis late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Nottingham and Derby, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary s Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Len-ton, to Sazvley Ferry:

An Act to continue, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and for altering and enlarging the Poweis, of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and increasing, altering, and enlarging the Powers, of Two feverat Acts, passed in the

Twenty-

388 2i° Martii.A> 1799,

Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth jYear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock, and from Gleeton Hill to Cressage, in the County of Salop:

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Birches Brook to Bridge,

and from thence to join the Watling Street Turnpike Road at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop, so far as relates to the last mentioned Road:

An Act for making and maintaining the Road from or near Whiteburn, in the County of Berwick, to the

Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the and of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to amend the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of tire Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishop's Waltham, and from Wickham aforesaid to Chaw-ton Pond, in the Parish of Chaall in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of ifi the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rackkeath, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Waste Lands, and Open and Common Fields, within the Parishes of Leintwardine, Burrington, Downton, Aston, and Elton, in the County of Hereford:

An Act for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Tything of Oare, in the Parishes of Wilcot and Huifn, in the County of Units:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Remenham, in the County of Berks:

An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields and Pastures, within the Manors or Lordships of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the Parish of Nether Seal, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, or one of them, and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates within the said Parish:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Williams with Mary Charlotte his now Wife, late Mary Charlotte Willis, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Godfrey:

An Act for naturalizing Salomon Lange:

An Act for naturalising Christian John Adam Witkej An Act for naturalizing George Bong:

An Act for naturalizing John Philip An Act for naturalizing John De.

An Act for naturalizing Justin Eliza Ceefar

An Act for naturalizing Adrien Charles Papillon:

An Act for naturalizing Lorents Braun.

An ingrossed Bill ft^in the Lords, intituled, An Act Chrfftin's for naturalizing Francis Henry Chrijiin, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Gabriel Migault, Migault'« was read the Third Time. N»-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title e be. An Act for naturalizing John Gabriel Migault.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Easton fnckr-closing, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, lure Bill, and all Commonable Places and Waste Lands, in the passed‘ Parish of Eafion, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, and all Commonable Places and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Eafion, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to tfrtf-Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Alan Gardner reported from the Committee, so *

whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, far) Church and others, the Vestrymen, of the Parish of Mar- Petition, n>-garet, Westminster, in Vestry assembled, whose Names poned'

are thereunto fublscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Simon Stephenson (the Vestry Clerk of the said Parish) produced to your Committee the Book of Orders of Vestry, from the Year 1591 to the Year 1661, whereby it appeared that the Parish Church of Saint Margaret is very ancient; and by the Minutes in the said Book it appears, that there was an Order of Vestry, made on the 9th Day of November 1650, as follows:

" This Vestry doth authorize the present Churchwardens to contract with, and compound for, with any " Person, for the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, given " by the Parliament for the Repair of this Church,

" and transferred upon Dean and Chapter Lands, at " the bell Advantage they can, and to receive the " Money, which they can contract for in lieu thereof,

" and to give a Discharge for the fame, and make " Assignment thereof for the Repair of the Church " here, according to the Intent of the Donor." And being examined, he said, That the said Church has been from Time immemorial considered as the Church peculiarly applicable to the religious Purposes of the House of Commons, and that certain Parts of it have always been set apart as appertaining to the Speaker and other Members thereof, and that the House has usually exercised its Munificence by Grants, from Time to Time, for the Repairs of the said Church. Then in Confirmation thereof, your Committee examined the Journal of this House, of the 18th of March 1734, whereby it appears that the Sum of 3,500 was granted for the Repair of the Tower and Roof of the Parish Church of Saint Margaret's, Westminster; and in the Year 1739, the Sum of £.2,000 was granted for the further Repair and finishing the Tower and RoOf of the said Parish Church. Then Mr. Stephenson being farther examined, said. That the said Sum of £.2,000

was.

39 Guo. III. 2ta Mar til. 389

'was, as appears by the Books of the Proceedings of and from the Town of through Watton, to the

the Vestry, granted in consequence of the Repairs of North End of the Town of in the said Coun-

the said Church, having exceeded the Sum granted in ty, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Year 1734. And it further appeared by the Jour- the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be' nal of the House, of the ill of June 1738, that the true; and that the Committee had-gone through the Sum of £.4,000 was granted for repairing the said Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Parish Church Mr. Stephenfbn being further examin- they had directed him to report to the House; and he ed, said. That it appears by the Books of the Vestry of read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the said Parish, that the said Sum of £.4,000 was ex- the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Ta-pended in the new pewing and decorating the said ble: Where the Amendments were Once read through-Church, and doing other interior Works thereto. Then out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, Robert Abington, Esquire (the Treasurer of the said upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed Pari Hi) being examined, laid, That by the Books of to by the House.

the Vestry, the Roof and other external Parts of the Ordered. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be said Church have had no Repairs since the said Year ingrafted.

1734, except occasional Repairs thereto, which have been done wholly at the Expence of the said Parish. . Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Mr. William Rock being then examined, confirmed House this Day, adjourn till Sevennight, the

the Evidence of Mr. Abington; and added, that he 2d Day of April next has lived in the Parish ever since the Year 1734.

Mr. Abington being then further examined, said, Mr. George Vansittart presented to the House, ac-That the Poors Rate of the said Parish has increased in cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and a very great Degree, the same being in the Year 1781 Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year 2 s.4 d.in the Pound, and in the Year 1798 4 . 6 of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-in the Pound; which great Increase is principally ow- cond, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His pre-ing to the Wives and Children of Soldiers, whole ftnt Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Husbands are on Service Abroad. Repair, the Road leading from the North East Corner

Mr. Stephenson being then further examined, said, of , by the Parish Church of,

That, from an Account taken in February last, there otherwise Tnffield, in the County of Oxford, through were maintained in the Workhouse, Thirty-three Wives Wallingford and Wantage, to Farringdon, in the County of Soldiers, and Thirty-fiv.e Children; and that there of: And the same was received; and read the were at the same Time relieved in Money, Fifty-seven First Time.

Wives of Soldiers, and One Hundred and Twelve Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Children.

Samuel Pepys Cockerell, Esquire, a Surveyor, being Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom examined, said. That he has surveyed the said Church, the Report was re-committed, which was made from and finds the same to be in a very bad and dangerous the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several State, and that he has made an Estimate of the need- Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was fary Repairs, which amount to the Sum of £.6,355. referred; That the Committee had examined, and 8 s. 4 d.and of the Decorations proposed to be made found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative in consequence thereof, amounting to the Sum of to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, except that £.366. ioj. making together the Sum of £.6,721. no Notices had been given as required by the Orders i8j. 4 d.; and he delivered in to your Committee the of the House, it not having been determined by thfc said Estimate, and added, that the said Sum of £.6,721. Gentlemen in the Neighbourhood to make this Ap-i8r. 4 d.will be fully sufficient for the performing all plication until the 24th of February last, which was a the Works necessary to' be done in order to put the long Time after the Bill, now depending in the House, said Church into a complete State of Repair, and for for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to making the said Decorations which he conceives to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepjlcw, and other be fairly and moderately suited to such Repair. Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Here-

Your Committee conceiving that, in a Matter of ford, and Brecon, was petitioned for; and it appeared such Public Concern, it might be proper to have the to the Committee, that the Road described in the said Opinion of iome other able Surveyor, as to the Works Petition is Three Miles and an Half in Length, and an proposed to be done, and as to the Estimate of the old Highway, and it would be of great Public Act-Expences thereof, requested vantage if made a Turnpike Road, and that all the

James Wyatt, Esquire, Surveyor General to the Board Owners of the Land on each Side are consenting thereof Works, to examine the Building of the said Church, to, and the Trustees are to be restrained from credting

and to give his Opinion as to the Works proposed to any Gate, or taking any Toll, on the said Road; and

be done thereto; who, in his Report thereupon, tranl- that the Committee had further examined the Matter

mitted to the Chairman of your Committee, stated, of the said Petition, and had directed him to report

That he had examined the Building of Saint Mirrgar et' % the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and Church, together with Mr. Cockerell's Report thereon, he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-the Particulars of what he proposes to be done, and his vered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was Estimate for executing the fame, and Mr. Wyatt is of read; and is as followed);

Opinion that Mr. CockerelCs Statement is perfectly To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. correct. John Allprefs being examined, said. That the Road

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the leading from and out of the Turnpike Road between Table, < Abergavenny and Ragland, at or near a House known

by the Sign of The White Swan, in the Parish of La-

Hertford and Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom narth, in the County of Monmouth, through the Parishes Raui°Ril C' the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two of Lanarth, Penrose, and Lantilho, to join and commu-

Kpwted. ' Acts, palfed in the T hirtieth Year of the Reign of his nicate with a certain other Turnpike Road, commonly

late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eigh- called The Landilo Road, leading from Abergavenny to teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor Monmouth, at or near the Hofiry Public House, in the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads Parish of in the said County, is in

from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be widened, re-County of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater, paired , and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Vol, 54. 5 G Law.

House resolve to adjourn t# the 2d of April,

Nil ff eld, Wallingford, and Farringdon, Roads Bill, p relented-

Re-comimttecJ

Report on Petition for Provision it^ Magor and Chepstow, &c Roads Bill,

Monmouth

Writ.

Member added to bring in Charlton Marshail Inclosure Bill.

Bill preferred.

Member added to bring in Leigh Inclosure BiiU

Bill presented.

Pamrnsford inclosure Bill, jp relented.

Clevedon In-^lcliire Bill, presented.

21 Martiu .1799-

Law. And the Witness added, That If Power is given in the said Bill to make and repair the said Road, it will be a great Accommodation to all Persons residing in or near the fame, it will enable them to procure a Supply of Coal and Lime, which they cannot do at present, and will open a Communication with other Parts of the Country, which are in great Want of those Articles.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given, at the next Quarter

Sessions for the County of Monmouth, and Three Times in the Newspaper, called The Gloucester Journal, in the present Month of March, and in the Month of next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from and out of the Turnpike Road between Abergavenny and Ragland, at or near a House known by the Sign of The Swan, in the Parish of Lanarth, in the County of Monmouth, through the Parishes of Lanarth, and

LanttLio, to join another Turnpike Road, commonly called The Landilo Road, leading from Abergavenny to Monmouth, at or near the Hojlry Public House, in the Parish of Lantillio GroJJhuiy, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Monmouth, in the County of Monmouth, in the room of Vice Admiral Sir Charles Thompson, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other the Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors of Land, and Persons interested in the Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Downs, and Grounds, within tire Manor and Parish of Charlton -Jl.all, in the County of Dorset.

Mr. John Fane prefeinted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Downs, Marshes, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Charlton Marsha/l,in the County of Dorset: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon be added to the Gentle men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Reverend

Andrew Bellamy, Arthur Cofens, Esquire, Thomas Cocke-ram. Gentleman, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands within or near the Tything of Leigh, in the County of Dorset.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Traci or Piece of Commonable Land, called Leigh Common, situate in or near the Tything of Leigh, in the Parish of Tetminster, in the County of Dorset: And the fame was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

rj

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cer-8

tain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor'and Parish of Clevedon, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Owners, Left Feiition of fees, and Occupiers of Sufferance Wharfs, at the Port of Sutteamo of London, within the Limits approved of by the Ho- wiurts, nourable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, was presented to the House, and read } Taking Notice Bill, of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners have embarked their whole Fortunes, and devoted the Labour of their Lives, to raile and maintain Wharfs and Warehcufes, which are approved of by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and have, for many Years pafl, conduced the Business of landing, Hupping, and housing' Goods, to the Satisfaction of that Board, and to the great Accommodation of Merchants and the Public; and the Wharfs and Warehouses belonging to the Petitioners, having been erefled in that regular Succession which the ln-crease of Commerce from Time to Time required, are now of more than Four Times the Extent and Capacity of the Legal Quays, and are, from their local Situation, well calculated for the Protection of the Revenue, and in every Respect adequate to the landing, shipping, and housing of all such Goods and Merchandizes as the Legal Quays cannot, with perilCt Convenience, receive at the Port of London, and there is sufficient Room for the proper mooring and navigating of all Ships and Vessels in the River Thames-, and that the Projefl of establishing a Dock Corporation, of the Nature and Extent fought for by the said Bill, is unnecessary as far as it respects the Public Convenience, is full of Danger to the Revenue, is inconvenient and burthensome to Traders in general, and replete with Injustice and Oppression to numerous and useful Clalfes of Men, particularly the Petitioners, and no Compensation or other Relief is thereby provided or held out for them: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may afledl them, before the Committee, to whom the same is referred, and also at the Bar of the House, if Occasion shall require, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Count'd so be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petit ion of the there-undersigned Owners, Lefties, Petition of and Occupiers of Sufferance Wharfs, at the Port of oAurtl-'rance London, within the Limits approved of by the Honour- Wharfs, a-able the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, was ^1^, ndon presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London; and Setting forth.

That the Petitioners have embarked their whole Fortunes, and devoted the Labour of their Lives, to raise and maintain Wharfs >nd Warehouses, which are approved of by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and have for many Years pall conducted the Business of landing, shipping, and housing Goods, to the Satisfaiflion of that Board, and to the great Accommodation of Merchants and the Public; and that the Wharfs and Warehouses belonging to the Petitioners,

Raving -

9

2i° Martii.

39 Geo. III.

.391

Kcport on Du -ties upon £ India. Goods *

having been erected in that regular Succession which the Increase of Commerce from Time to Time required are now of more than Four Times the Extent and Capacity of the Legal Quays, and are, from their local Situation, well calculated for the Protection of the Revenue, and in every Respect adequate to the landing, shipping, and housing of all such Goods and Merchandizes as the Legal Quays cannot, with perfect Convenience, receive at the Port of London, and the Petitioners apprehend, and doubt not but they shall be able to shew, that there is sufficient Room for the proper mooring and navigating of all Ships and Vessels in the River Thames; and that the Project of establishing a Dock Company, of the Nature and Extent fought for by the said Bill, is unnecessary, as far as it respects the Public Convenience, is full of Danger to the Revenue, is inconvenient and burthensome to Traders in general, and replete with Injustice and Oppression to numerous and ul'eful Clafi'cs of Men, particularly the Petitioners, and no adequate Compensation or Relief is thereby provided or held out for them: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may aftedt them, at the Bar of the House, and before the Committee, to whom the said Bill is referred, or otherwise as Occasion shall require, and that the said Bill may not pal's into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is. committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable on the Import and Export of Goods imported into this Kingdom, and sold at the Public Sales of the India Company, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eojl Indies (except Tea, Nutmegs, Macc, Cloves, and Cinnamon), according to the Gross Prices at which such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be sold at the Public Sales of the said Company, and also the Duties now payable on every Piece of Plain White Callicoe, and on every Yard of Plain White Dimity, and on every Hundred Weight of Sugar, imported into this Kingdom by the said Company, do ccafe and determine, except the Duties of Customs imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company, and exported directly from the Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged and secured (except on Tea, Nutmegs, Mace, Cloves, and Cinnamon, and except the Duties of Customs imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kindom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vol. 54.

That there be charged for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into this Kingdom by the India Company (except Bullion, Diamonds, and other precious Stones, Tea, Nutmegs, Mace, Cloves, and Cinnamon), according to the Grol's Price at which tuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall "be sold at the Public Sales of the said Company, a Duty of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fifty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny be charged for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Arrangoes imported into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Forty-five Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Arrangoes exported from this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Srles of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence be charged upon every Piece of Plain White Callicoe imported into this Kingdom by the India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Six Shillings be allowed upon the Exportation of every Piece of Plain White Callicoe having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain White Callicoes imported into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nineteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain White Callicoes exported from this Kingdom to , according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain White Callicoes exported from this Kingdom to any Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the United States of America, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nineteen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence be allowed for ever}' One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of ail Callicoes, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been Ibid.at the Public Sales of the India Company, exported from this Kingdom to any Parts or Places beyond the Seas (except to any Colony or

Plantation in America, or to any of the United States of America) if the said Goods shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seventeen Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence be allowed fqr every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain W hite Callicoes, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the public Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom to any Parts or Places beyond the Seas (except to Africa, to any British Colony or Plantation in America,

or

39»

2 ift Ma

6> to any of the United States of America), if the said

Goods shall be exported from this Kingdom without having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed therein.

Kejclved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Hundred and Nine Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all China Ware imported into this Kingdom, according to the Grol's Price at which the same shall be sold at the Pub- lie Sales of the East India Company.

Resolve/d, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ninety-four Pounds Fifteen Shi!- lings and Three Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all China Ware exported from this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East India Coihpany.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Hundred and Twenty-two Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence'be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, imported into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Hundred and Seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, exported from this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fifty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cowries imported into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the fapie shall be sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Rifo.'ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Forty-five Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cowries exported from this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Yard of Plain White Dimity imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 7 hat a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of ever}7 Yard of Plain White Dimity, having been imported into this Kingdom by the East India Company.

Refedved, That it is the Opinion this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain White Dimities imported into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be sold at the Public SeJes of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain White Dimities exported from this Kingdom to Africa, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Pounds Sevew Shillings and One Penny be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain White Dimities exported from this Kingdom to |ny British

A. 1799 *

Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the United States of America, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Dimities, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been Ibid.at the Public Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom^ to any Parts or Places beyond the Seas (except to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the United States of America) if the said Goods shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in this Kingdom.

Resolved, 1'hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seventeen Pounds Fourteen Shillings and 7'hree Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain White Dimities, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company, exported from this Kingdom to any Parts or Places beyond the Seas (except to Africa, to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any of the United States of America), if the said Goods shall be exported from this Kingdom without having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed therein.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventy-eight Pounds EleVen Shillings and Five Pence be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all manufactured Drugs, not Otherwise particularly enumerated or described, imported into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Sixty-eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all manufactured Drugs, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, exported from this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, 77iat it is the Opinion of this Committee, 77iat a Duty of Fifty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all unmanufactured Drugs, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, imported into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Forty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all unmanufactured Drugs, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, exported from this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Hundred and Nineteen Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Japanned or Lacquered Wares imported into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of One Hundred and rl'hree Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Japanned or Lacquered Wares exported from this. Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee *

That

N

39 Geo III. i2i ° Martii 393

That a Duty of Twenty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings Price at which the fartie shall have been sold at the Pub *

and Nine Pence be charged upon every One Hundred lie Sales of the said Company.

Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain Mul- The said Resolutions being severally read a Second lins, Nanquin Cloths, Mufiins or White Callicoes Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

flowered, or Hitched, imported into this Kingdom, agreed to by the House.

according to the Gross Price at which the same shall be Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said sold at the Public Sales of the East India Company. Resolutions: And that Mr. Longu Mr. Chancellor of

Rejoined., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary , and Mr. Rose,

That a Drawback of Twelve Pounds Nine Shillings do prepare, and bring in, the latne.

and Four Pence be allowed for every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Plain Mr. Long reported from the Committee, appointed R p°rt

Mufiins, Nanquin Cloths, Mullins or White Cal- to enquire what Public General Laws have expired pmng licoes flowered, or Hitched, exported from this King- within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement dom, according to the Gross Price at which the same of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what shall have been sold at the Public Sales of the East Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months i'ubfe-India Company. quest to the Commencement of the present Session, or

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof,

That a Duty of Thirty-seven Pounds Sixteen' Shillings and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the and Three Pence be charged upon every One Hundred House, with their Opinion which oT them are fit to be Pounds of the true and real Value of all Sugar import- revived, continued, or made perpetual; and to whom ed into this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at the Report which, upon the 12th Day of May 1796, which the same shall be sold at the Public Sales of the was made from the Committee who were appointed to East India Company. inspect and consider all the Temporary Laws of a Pub-

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lie Nature expired, or expiring, was referred; and who That a Drawback of Thirty-six Pounds One Shilling were instructed to esquire, and report to the House, and Three Pence be allowed for every One Hundred what Laws expired, or near expiring, have been re-Pounds of the true and real Value of all Sugar ex- vived, continued, or made perpetual, by any Act of ported from this Kingdom, according to the Gross Acts of the present Session of Parliament, That the Price at which the same shall have been sold at the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come Public Sales of the East India Company. to several other Resolutions, which they had directed

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, him to report to the House; and he read the Report in That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's upon every One Hundred Weight of Sugar imported Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were into this Kingdom by the East India Company. read, and are as followeth;

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Seventy-one Pounds Four Shillings and That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth' Year of the Reign Four Pence be charged upon every One Hundred of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing Pounds of the true and real Value of all manufactured " the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not otherwise enu- " for extracting Oil, from any Country whatever, when-merated or described, not being exempt from Duty, " ever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be and not being particularly charged with Duty when " above a certain Limit," which was to be in Force for ^imported by the East India Company, imported into One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next 'this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at which Session of Parliament, and which was, by Two other the same shall be sold at the Public Sales of the said Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-eighth Years Company. _ of the Reign of FT is present Majesty, further continued

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, until the 24th Day of June 1799, is near expiring, and That a Drawback of Sixty-one Pounds Fourteen Shil- fit to be continued.

lings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every One Hun- Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, dred Pounds of the true and real Value of all manu- That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign fastured Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not other- of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to allow the wife enumerated or described, not being exempt from " Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, Duty, and not being particularly charged with Duty " free of Duty for a limited Time," which was to con-when imported by the East India Company, exported tintie in Force from the 14th Day of June 1791, until from this Kingdom, according to the Gross Price at the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which the same shall have been sold at the Public Sales which was, by another Act, made in the Thirty-second of the said Company. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, until the 14th Day of June 1798, and from thence to That a Duty of Forty-five Pounds One Shilling and Eight the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is neat Pence be charged upon every OneHundred Pounds of the expiring, and fit to be continued.

true and real Value of all unmanufactured Goods, Wares, Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

and Merchandize, (except Tea) not otherwise cr.ume- That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the rated or described, not being exempt from Duty, and not Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for being particularly charged with Duty when imported the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufac-by the East India Company, imported into this King-- " tures of Flax and Cotton in Britain," which was

dom, according to the Gross Price at which the same to continue in Force for Two Years from the ift Day shall be sold at the Public Sales of the said Company. of January 1784, and from thence to the End of the Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, then next Session of Parliament, and which said Act That a Drawback of Thirty-eight Pounds One Shilling was, by several l'ubsequent Acts, further continued and Eight Pence be allowed for every One Hundred until the 24th Day oijune 1799, is near expiring, and Pounds of the true and real Value of all unmanufac- fit to be continued.

tured Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, (except Tea) Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, not otherwise enumerated or described, not being That so much and such Part of an Act, made in the exempt from Duty, and not being particularly charged Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with Duty when imported by the East India Company, intituled, "An Act for better securing the Duties on exported from this Kingdom, according to the Gross " Glass," as was to have Continuance until the 5th Day Vol. 54. 5 H of

Iteport from Committee o Secrecy, to b considered.

East India Goods Bill, presented.

394 a i0 Martii. . 1799.

of July 1797, and which was continued, by Two Acts,

made in the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the 5th Day of July 1799, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First and Fourth Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second and Third Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the First and Fourth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Long and Mr. RoJedo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the Second and Third Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

The House was moved. That the Report which,'upon Friday last, was made from the Committee of Secrecy, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 9th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Rofepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 4th Day of next. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Expence incurred for confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, in the Year 1798, over and above the estimated Sum of £. 33,32.5. 17 - 3^. granted by Parliament for that Service: And also,

An Estimate of the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the Year 1799: And also.

An Account of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, (sic. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1797, over and above the estimated Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose: And also.

An Account of the Expences of His Majesty's Mint, for the Year 1798: And also,

An Account of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, (sic. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1798: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Year 1799: And also.

An Account of the Expence incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, in the Year 1798, over and above<the estimated Sum of £.7,000 granted by Parliament for those Services; together with an Estimate of the Expences likely to be incurred under the same Heads for the present Session.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimates were read.

The said Accounts and Estimates are'as followeth; viz.

An fife COUNT of the Expence incurred for Confining, Maintaining, and Employing Convicts at Home, in the Year 1798, over and above the Estimated Sum of £ 33,325. 17 3d. granted by Parliament for that

Service.

Amount of the Excess of the Estimated Sum of £. 33,325. 17 3d. granted in the Year s. d.

1798, for the Expence of Confining, Maintaining, and Employing Convicts at Home, including the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - - - £. 971 — ji

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, loth.. March 1799.

Charles

ESTIMATE

Account , &c. presented,

Convict.

IX

Mint.

D\

D®.

Aliens.

Printingjour-nal$, &c.

39 Geo. III.

a i® Martii.

395

ESTIMATE of the Expences of Confining, Maintaining, and Employing Convicts at Home, for the

Tear 1799.

On the River ‘Thames

380 Convicts, Average Number of the Prudentia Hulk.

315 D® ----- --- Average Number of the Stanifiaus Hulk.

----- .

495 Convidb, for 365 Days, at 14 Id. per Day, is' - - - - 10,915 15 7

Salary to the Chaplain for One Year - 100 —

Bounties and Cloathing to the Convidb, whole Time will

expire in the Year 1799 253 3.

Coroner and Juries - - - 25 — —

Fees at the Secretary of State's Office on Pardons to Convicts (as in 1798) - - - -12 7 6

.....- »-" 390 11 —

Fees on Receipt.of 11,306. 6s. 7

11,306 6 7 327 — 6

£ r. d. 11,633 7 *

In Langston and Portsmouth Harbours:

1,050 Convidb, from the ift January to 3 ift December 1799,

both Days included, is 365 Days, at 14 per £. s. d. Day - - - 23,154 13 9

Contingent Expences for Salaries to Chaplains, Coroners Inquefis, Bounties and Cloathing to Convidb discharged at the Expiration of their several Sentences, &c. ----- -- 500 — —

Fees on Receipt of£.23,654. 13 $d. - -

£ s. d.

23 654 13 9 635 14 6

~ 24,29° 8 3

£ 35 923 15 4

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, March 20th, 1799.

Charles Long.

y 1 acs

An ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1797, over and above the estimated Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose.

Amount of the Excess of the estimated Sum of £. 1,800, granted in the Year 1797, for the £. s. d. Expences of profecudng Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, including the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof 284 17 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 20th March. 1799,

Charles Long.

Vol. 54. '

An

A. 1799-

si ° M

An ACCOUNT of the Expences of His Majesty's Mint for the Year 1798.

J^mount of the Expences of the Mint, dated by the Matter, and examined by the Warden and Comptroller,

o, . TPaid by the Warden - -- -- - i,3co 1

I Paid by the Matter - - 1,883 9 2

Coinage of 63,510 Pounds Weight of Gold into Guineas, Half Guineas, and Thirds of Guineas ——

Monies put into the Pix ——

Fees and Deductions on Monies received for Service of the Office within the Year, and for patting Accounts ——

Buildings and Repairs ——

Prosecuting Offenders relating to the Coin, paid under the established Allowance for that Service ——

Incidents paid by the Warden - -. - - . - - 561119

D4 - - paid by the Matter

DeduCl,

The Ordinary Allowance received for the Service of the Year 1798 -

1,807 — 7

Balance due to the Matter, to be provided for

r

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 20th March 1799.

Charles Long.

3>683 9 *

23,087 11 6

3,790 10 —

1

S06 15 6

4,5 iS 11 —

551 16 7

2,368 12 4

39,107 6 t

13,800 ——

25,307 6 1

An ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of

this Kingdom, in the Year 1798.

-L

AMOUNT of Bills of Solicitor of the Mint, as-examined by the Principal Officers of the Mint:

For Prosecutions' relating to Gold and Silver Coins, from 20th February to 31st December

798 - -....

For Prosecutions relating to Copper Coin, for the Year 179s " ....

s. d.

1,546 4 2

6152

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, March 20th, 1799.

1,607 9 4

Charles Long.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Year 1799.

Superintendent of Aliens, Clerks, and Assistants

Agents at the different Ports, with their extra Bills - - .

Office Keeper, Necessary Woman, and Two Messengers, at 6s. -per Day each -House Rent, Taxes, Coals, Candles, &c. ——

Stationary and Printing - " -

Expence of fending Aliens out of the Kingdom, including Messengers Bills Agents in London ——

Contingencies -

£ . d.

1,170 ——

650 — —

3 9 ——

35° ——

800 ' -

3.000 — 500 — ' —

1.000 ——

Total Amount to be provided fonthe Year 1799 "

Whitehall, March 20th, 1799.

Wm mck,

7»8i9 —

An

397

39 Geo. III. 2i°

An ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, in the Year 1798, over and above the estimated Sum of f. 7,000, granted by Parliament for those Services; together with an Estimate of the Expences likely to be, incurred under the same Heads for the present Session.

£. s. d.

For printing the 51st Volume of Journals,&c. - - >254 15 6

Expences incurred by preparing D° for Press, and making the Index thereto; and also for delivering printed Journals to Members, and for Rent due for Warehouse Room - 276 1 3

For printing and delivering the Votes . -For printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers -

£. s. d. 1,530 16 9

1,286 5 —

6>956 3

Deduct,

Estimated Sum granted by Parliament

T

£. . d.

9 113 i5 ~

7,000 — —

Remains to be provided for

2,773 15 —

An Estimate of the Expences likely to be incurred, under the foregoing Heads, for the present Session;

Eight Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, aoth March 1799.

Charles Long.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Efthnates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee on Ordered^ That the Order of the Day, for the House

J-fee^Ar- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ' consider further of the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

I&itniftioni. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for prohibiting the Overseers of the Poor, or their Assistant, from felling Goods to the Parish for the Use of the Poor, or to the Poor themselves, or for paying the Poor in Goods instead of Money, and also for declaring that Parishioners may be deemed to be gtxxl Witnesses in Prosecutions relating thereto.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill For regulating the Travelling Expences of Overseers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for regulating the Expence to be incurred in the Removal of Paupers.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Abbot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

Vol. 54.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Abbot accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Weeks, the nth Day of April next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Copper T. -Order, a Bill to regulate the Importation and Exporta- |Jati, on,n^c' tion of Copper: And the same was received;and read the ej|,p2efent First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 4th Day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Bill to continue and amend an Scotch Distil-Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the comnu several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein par- *

ticularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, and for granting to His Majest\r certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption,

5 1 and

Die ized by

J-IclMon

Unt.

Further Con-iid. iation of K^i ort on Fait India Accounts deferred.

Bill to amend Attornies, Arc. Stamp Duty Act, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Bromsgrove Inc lolure Bill, reported.

398

210 Martii. — 2° April: s.

A.

1799.

and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Aits of Parliament for the' Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 2d Day of April next, refcrlve ftfeif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall, in the room of Richard Richards,, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and,

in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House , to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts arid Papers which were pretented to the House upon the 2 2d Day of January last, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) be taken

into further Consideration upon Sevennight, the

2d Day of April next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night,1 the 2d Day of April next, resolve icself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting " to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures " of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the " Courts in England therein mentioned."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Sevennight, the 3d Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 3d Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committeex>f the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Sevennight, the 2d Day of April next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Martis, 2° di Aprilis;

Anno 390 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1799. Prayers,

MR. John Tilt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Bromsgrove, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates of the Annual Value of 1,159, who refused to lign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates of

the Annual Value of £.t95, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is of the Annual Value of £.1 0,795, or thereabouts, and that no Person appeared before the Committee £0 oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question several I y put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Christin' for naturalizing Francis Henry Christin, wras read a Second ^mmitteJ. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bastard,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kigaud's Nat. for naturalizing Charles Henry Rigaud, was read a Second ® j1'commir Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Abbot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^aMJii? for naturalizing John Daniel Humbert, was read the Full rciJ ‘ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Charlton Fields, Meadow'S, Downs, Marshes, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Charlton Mar- committed. shall, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Sloane, &<k: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for more effectually repairing and improving Manchester the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of fann<1df'^er' Lancaster, through Oldham, to Aujlerlands, in the Parish Road's Bill, of Saddleworth, in the County of York, and from Oldham committed, to Ashton under Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of Royton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -burne, of Lancashire, Mr. Pole Carew, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and KirkbyKen-enlarging the Powers of Twro Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present ted.'

Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby in the County of Westmor eland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -burne, of Lancashire, Mr. Egerton, &c.: And they are tb meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing several Roads in the Counties of pU^ffshanii Dumfries and Roxburgh, was read a Second Time. Roads Bill,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George committed. Douglas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

6 An

39 Geo. III. a — 30 J 399

'4 '

william An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

ttts's^Divorce to diifolve the Marriage of Henry El-

»iil, commit, quire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Jane ltJ' Lamb art, and to enable him to marry again, and for

other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bilf be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-' tee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the nth Day of this Instant , resolve kself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-nelles, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Hirworth in- Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to cioiure Bill, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, tire pieknte . Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Harworth, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Copperp- Account of the Quantity of Copper purchased for the Navy.ordered. Ulc of His Majesty s Navy since the Year 1788;

distinguishing the Years, and the Price paid for the same in each Year.

; The Order of the Day being read, for the Second gjj

Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to license a deterred. ' Theatre in the City of Rochester;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 24th Day of this Instant April.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bill for reduc-whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Num- hef o^HUa ber of Militia Men to be raised, and to lerve, in the Men, defer-several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called rtJ-England, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Further^Con-whole House, to whom it was referred toconsider of the KeportTn0 several Accounts and Papers which were presented to East India the House upon the 2 2d Day of January last, by Mr. ^terre'd.5' Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Bill to amend

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the starnp1DutyC whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in Act, deferred, the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to " Solicitors and Attornies, in any of tire Courts in " therein mentioned."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Copper Ex- The House was moved, That the Order, made upon portation, tec. the 21 ft Day of March last, for reading a Second Time, Bin, deferred. upon Thursday next, the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Copper, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Harwich Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of

Essex, in the room of Richard Hopkins, Esquire, de-

ceased.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House scotch Diflil- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 7 upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in

the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of therein particularly

described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for tire Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 54.

Mercurii, 3d die A;

Anno 39 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Berrmgton, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- &c. inclosure ing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, 1 'reporte *

‘ Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the several Hamlets or Tythings of Barrington, Broad Campden, and Westington, in the rarish of Chipping Camp-den, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the,

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, firomfgrove the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of ur Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within, the Manor of Bromsgrove, in the County of IV orce

Ordered,

400 3 °.Aprili1799.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ir WillLtmHeathcote reported from the Committee, ohJ rrpoKcV. to whom the Petition of Robert Forbes, of in the County of Southampton, Merchant, was referred; That the C. nmiittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, ami had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Francis James Forbes, being examined, laid, That a Bridge being greatly wanted acrois a certain Lake called Stoke, or Hajlar Lake, near Gosport, in the County of Southamp *

ton, to form a Communication between the Royal Hospital at Hajlar, and the Town of Gosport aforesaid, the Petitioner Robert Forbes did, under the Sanction of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, communicated to him by the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt Seamen, crcft such Bridge at his own Expence, and tinished the same in the Year 1792, ever since which Time llis Majesty's Officers and Servants, belonging to the said Hospital, have had the Use of the said Bridge, and have found much Accommodation therefrom. That the said Bridge has been found of great Utility to the Public at large: But the Petitioner not being authorized to demand any reasonable Toll for the Passage of Carriages, Cattle, and Foot Passengers, and the Gratuity or Salary to be allowed him by Government, being by no Means adequate to the Intern ft of the Capital invested in building the said Bridge, or to enable him to keep it in the proper and necessary State of Repair, the same cannot be done without the Petitioner is enabled to demand and receive certain Payments by Way of Toll for the Passage of Cattie, Carriages, and Foot Passengers, over the said Bridge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for , enabling Robert Forbes, Esquire, to demand and take

Toll for the Passage over a Bridge by him erected across a certain Lake, called Stoke, or Hajlar Lake, between the Town of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, and the Royal Naval Hospital at Hafar, in the said County: And that Sir William Heathcote and Mr. Chute do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Market Har- A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en-Brampton larging the Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Road Bill, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years committed. t|ie Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-

cond, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Nuffield, Wai- A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two

Famnpdo",? Acts, pa/Ted in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Roads Bill,' his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the committed. fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road Lading from tire North East Corner of Nuffield by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Wantage, - to Fairing don, in the County of Berks, was read a Second

ri' *

-. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. George

Vanjittart, Mr. Annefey ,&c.: And they are to meet this 'Afternoon', at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Hertford and Powers of Two A As, passed in the Thirtieth \ car of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and passed, the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town-of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Watt on, to Broadwater, aild from the Town of Ware, through to

the North End of the Town of Wah in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late^ Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Ye ar of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roaus from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Wattoii, to Broadzvater, and from the Town of Ware, through Walton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Planter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Petition in fj-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the Neighbourhood of Chifain Hert- amt wlre° ford, and Ware, in the County of Hertford, and others. Roads BilL principal Traders thereof, was presented to the House, .

and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the County of

Hertford, and other Roads'in the said Acts mentioned:

And praying, That the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Clevedon Tn-Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being commitred!' within the Manor and Parish of Clevedon, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Kir. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and cn- Gamier Lane larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Rolls Bill,!J Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing committed, and widening the Roads from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of Turk, and from Mofborough Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don.

Lord George Attgufius Henry Cavendij&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Roweroft, of the City of Lon- Mr. Row-don, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; !n°against'U' Setting forth. That the Petitioner is the Owner and i.onffi>n Occupier of a certain Public Sufferance Wharf, called DoCk ®‘u Hubbert's Wharf, adjoining to Cherry Garden, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of

Surrey, and all'o of certain extensive, commodious, and l'ubftantial Warehouses, erected there, and used with the said Wharf; and that the Business of a Public Sufferance Wharfinger has for many Years past been

carried

The Lords

have agreed to

Hevingham, See. Inclosure Bill.

Account of Old Copper fold or returned to Contractors, ordered.

Stotkbridge

Writ.

Report on Scotch Distil-lcry BUI.

59 Geo. III. 3° Aprilis.. 401

carried on with Credit and Advantage at the said Wharf and Premises, and the Petitioner relying on such Bu-fmci's not only continuing, but increasing, has, from' Time to Time, expended very considerable Sums in the Purchase and Improvement of the said Premises; and the said Wharf, Warehouses, and Premises, are well calculated for landing, shipping, and housing Foreign and other Merchandize, for accommodating the Merchants of London and Southwark, for securing and projecting the Public Revenue, and for discharging all other Duties appertaining to Legal Quays at the Port of London; and that the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and . Revenue, within the Port of , if passed into a

Law, will greatly injure, if not wholly annihilate, the Business carried on at the Petitioner's said Wharf and Premises, and consequently render them of very inconsiderable Value, if some Provisions, at present omitted, are not thereby or otherwise secured to the Petitioner, and that the said Bill is, in other Respects, injurious to him: And therefore praying to be heard, by himself, his Counsel, of Agents, against the said Bill, before the Committee to whom the same is referred, and also at the Bar of the House, or otherwise, as Occasion may require, and that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks, fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr.

Spr anger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, iand inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Hevingham and Marjliam, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Shack-age, and Common, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Shruff, or old Copper, sold by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or returned to Contractors, since the Year 1788; distinguishing the Years, and the Price received for the same in each Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of in the County of Southampton, in the room of Joseph Barham,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distil-

Vol. 54.

leries in the respective Districts in Scotland, and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, .upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Licences to Lowland Distillers to be vacated within a certain Period, and on proper Notice.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for v making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums " of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land " Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of " March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyeight," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of " the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act, " made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption " and Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the " several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain " as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth " Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, " passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the present Session of Parliament, " for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly ;.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Acts as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. William Dundas and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that, in consequence of Represen-tations received from His Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, His Majesty has judged it important, for the Peace and Security of that Kingdom, to give Directions that several Persons, who were in Custody at Dublin and Belfast, on Account of the active Part they took in the Rebellion, or for treasonable Practices committed in pro-

K. moting

Bill respecting the Redemption of the Land Tax in Scotland ordered.

King's Message relative to Persons brought in Custody from Ireland.

40$

3 Apri.

A. 1799 *

Addref *

thereupon.

moting the fame, should be immediately removed to Council assembled, was likewise presented to the House, some Place of safe Custody out of that Kingdom; and and read; also Taking Notice of the said Bill; and His Majesty has therefore ordered that they should be Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the Prin-brought over to this Country, and should for the present ciple of the said Bill to be full of the moll dangerous be kept in Custody in Fort George. G. R. Consequences to the Navigation, Commerce, and Ma-

„ _, , . A , r , r. j . nufacturesof this Country, and with almost incalculable

an tumble Address be pre ente to in;ury to the Estates and Revenues of the Petitioners in His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this thJei/Corporate Capacities, and they beg Leave to re House for His most Gracious Message, aJid to acknow- sent t£ utter impofTibility of carrying some of the ledge His Majesty s Condescension and Goodness, in £am of the said Bilf into Effect, and they conf.der the haying been pleased to communicate to this House the Remainder so injurious, partial, and oppressive, that the Directions which His Majesty has thought proper o genend Trade to , consequently the Interests of

give for removing to this Country, and detaining t e the Merchants, Artificers, and others, concerned therein, Persons who were in Custody in Ireland.as well as the Hoiders of Landed and all otUcr Descrip-Onlered That the said Address be presented to His tions of Property> within the Town and Port of Liva.

Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of be greatly affected thereby: And therefore

His Majesty s most Honourable Privy Council. — & -

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message, be taken into further Consideration upon 5fuefday Morning next.

Bill re-committed.

Report on Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men, further considered.

Bill to limit ♦he Trading for Slaves, deterred.

Petition of Merchants of Live

again!

Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men to be raised, and to serve, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast o (Africa, within certain Limits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Morning next," and inserting the Words " Four Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words Morning next " Hand Part of the Question.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And

praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that it may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of John Hodgson and Thomas Hodgson, of Petition of Liverpool, Merchants, on Behalf of themselves and others, concerned with them, was also presented to the i>> BilL House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been in the Practice of trading largely to that Part of the Coast near Sierra Leone, and have a very valuable Factory at the Isles de Loss, and a great many Grametas or Black Servants and Slaves attached thereto, and also Debts owing to them to a considerable Amount, which will be loft, or rendered of no Value, if the Bill pafles into a Law: And therefore praying, That the Bill may not pass into a Law without adequate Compensation being made to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill respea-Reading of the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Law respcCling Offences committed upon the High Sea, deferred. Seas;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, de resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fcrmL to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ¥eans>df *

rerpOol

inlt D

A Petition of the Merchants of Liverpool trading to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the to Africa, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was Supply granted to His Majesty;

ferred *

D°

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, independent of the Principle of the said Bill, which the Petitioners conceive to be fraught with the moil dangerous Consequences to the Navigation, Commerce, and Manu-fa<£lures of this Country, and with infinite Injury to themselves it will be utterly impracticable to carry some of the Clauses thereof into Effect, and others are

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Accounts, further considered.

Petition of

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report on into further Consideration the Report from the Com- Ealt Indu mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House upon the 2zd Day of so extremely oppressive, that the Petitioners will not be January last, by Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the able to cany on Trade to any Part of Africa, without East India Company).

the most imminent and unavoidable Danger to them- And the Resolutions of the Committee being fe selvesand their Property embarked in it: And therefore verally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Innkeepers

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid Blll>orJere *

o^ofTivVr- '/Common Council, of the Town of Liverpool, in Special to Innkeepers and ethers on Quartering Soldiers: And

lion of Liver pool, IK

that

39 Geo. III. 3° — 40 Aprilis. 403

that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Long, and Mr. Secre- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Committee

tary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. into the State of the Copper Mines and Copper Trade of this Kingdom; and to report the fame, as it shall ap- CoppcrTnule.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow pear to them, to the House:

Morning, Ten of the Clock. And a Committee was appointed of the Lord

Hawkef Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

RyderMr. Douglas, Sir John Mor daunt, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Gregor, Mr. Abbot, Mr. Wallace, Mr.

1 Peele, Mr. Garthjhore, Mr. Henry Thornton, Mr. Nicholas

Vanjittart, Mr. Mr. Crewe, Mr. John Pitt:

, - And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of

jOVtSy 4° ate AprillS 9 the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power

to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Anno 39 Georgii IIIul Regis, 1799. OThat Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Berrington, &c. Inclosure Bill, passed *

A

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-

____closing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the several Hamlets or Tythings of Ber-rington. Broad Campden, and Westington, in the Parish of Chipping Campden, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the several Hamlets or Tythings of Berringtbn, Broad Campden, and Westington, in the Parish of Chipping Campden, in the County of Gloucester,

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, uponTo-morrowSeven-night, the 12th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

tall India Goods Bill, committed *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Dillilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Dillilleries in the re-Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Ipeftive Districts in Scotland, and for granting to His r - T Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled

for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regula-

Scotch Distillery Bill, paired.

Orman Canal Sir William Pulteney reported from the Committee, Bifl, reported, to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

" from Lock Gilp to Lock Crinan, in the Shire of tc Argyll," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for compelling the Payment of Subscriptions.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

tion of Dillilleries in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Ninety-two, videlicet, on the Twenty-ninth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Dillilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Dillilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Innkeepers Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Or-Biii, present«d. jer, a jjp for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Copper Ex- The House was moved. That the Order, made upon K?a<iefcrred Tuesday for reading a Second Time, upon Monday

' e err next, the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Copper, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 3 Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant April.

Vol. 54.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to amend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in shipping of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Slaves, deregulating, until the First Day of August One Thou- ,erre " sand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast " of Africa

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 12 th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Lmdon and others, the Merchants of London and Liverpool, concerned Bill.

Bill to amend Attornies,&;c. Stamp Duty Att, deferred.

Bill respecting Offences committed at Sea, deferred.

Answer of Lord Nellon to Vote of Thanks.

404 4 — 5'

cerned in the African Slave Trade, was presented to the House, and.read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, if the same should pass into a Law, it will entirely ruin the Trade; and that the Petitioners feel this the more severely, as it neither has been stated, nor can be proved, that any Evil or Inconvenience whatsoever is experienced by the Negroes from their present Mode of Transportation, but, on the contrary, the latest Returns of Arrivals in the West Indies fully demonstrate that no beneficial Alteration can be made in the present Mode of carrying the m; and that, by an Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Height between Decks was fixed at Four Feet One Inch, conformably to which many Merchants have caused their Vessels to be altered at a very great Expence; and that, as several Ships so altered, and all that Class of Vessels in which the Slaves are carried in the most perfect Health, and which it has been the uniform Rule of the Legislature to encourage, will be utterly excluded from the British carrying Trade, as the Reduction of the Number of Slaves to be carried in the large Ships will render it impossible to continue them in the Trade with any probable Prospect of Advantage; and moreover, as the Vessels which will be so excluded from this Trade are so constructed as not to bq fit for any Other, and an enormous Loss will consequently be incurred by the Owners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agent, against the said Bill, at the Bar of the House, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agent, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The otl\er Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to " Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in " England therein mentioned."

Ordered, That the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Law respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Aprilis. A. 1799.

the Honourable House my Gratitude. I can answer for that of my brave Brethren who fought with me in the Battle of the Nile.

To you, Sir, who have not only so handsomely, but so elegantly, conveyed to me the Resolutions of the - House, Words are inadequate to express what I feel; but, believe me, Sir, I am, with every Sentiment of Respect and Esteem,

Your most obliged

and faithful Servant,

The Right Hon. Henry Addington,

Speaker of the Hon. House of Commons.

A Bill for regulating the Rate? of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers, and other Persons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Curtis, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir George AWilliam Evelyn, have Leave to go into the Countiy for Two Months, for the Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, palfed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Mto the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Anne ell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Waltham Holy Cross, in the County of Essex, or Owners or Occupiers of Land in or near the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Veneris, 50 die;

Anno 39® Georgii III" Regis, 1799. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received, from Rear Admiral Lord Nelf on, the following Letter, in Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 21st Day of November last.

Vanguard, Palermo, 31st January 1799.

Sir,

Believe me, I feel as I ought the noble Reward which our Country has bellowed on me by its Thanks; and I beg you will, Sir, have the Goodnels to express to

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Township of Ecclesall Bier low, the Hamlets or Vills of Hallam Upper, Nether Hallam, Brightftde, Bierlow, and Attercliffe with Darnall, all within the Parish of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of York, and from Mojborough Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby; and Setting forth, That by the said Act it was enacted, that no Person or Persons dwelling within the said Township of Sheffield, should be liable to perform any Statute Work in repairing that Part "of the Road leading through Sheffield Park, or contribute any Money towards repairing the fame; and that by Means of such Exemption the Burthen of repairing

Bill for regd luting Porterage, in London, &c. committed *

Leave of Ab« lence.

Enfield, Hert ford, and Ward Roads Bill, reported.

Petition of Inhabitants of Ecclesall, &c. against Gander Lane juni Sheffield Roads Bill.

39 Geo. III.

5° Apri

ing the said Road hasv fallen wholly upon the Inhabitants of that Part of the said Parish which lies out of the Township of Sheffield, although no Part of the said Road passes through or adjoins to the said Town-, ship of Ecclesall Bierlow, or any of the said Hamlets or Vills, and that the Inhabitants of the Township of Ecclesall Bierlow, and of the said Hamlets or Vills, maintain the several Highways within their several Townships and Hamlets separately, as if they were ' distinct Parishes, and have so done for Time imme- morial; and that by the said Bill it appears that the Proviso in the said Act, exempting the Inhabitants of the Township of Sheffield, is considered an Hardship upon the Inhabitants of the other Parts of the Parish of Sheffield liable to perform Statute Work, and is intended to be repealed; and it is proposed to be enacted, that the Inhabitants of the Parish of Sheffield shall be liable to do and perform Statute Duty upon the last mentioned Part of the said Road leading through Sheffield Park aforesaid; and that the Petitioners conceive the Inhabitants of the said several Townships, Hamlets, or Vills, ought not to be liable to any Statute Work on that Part of the said Road which leads through Sheffield Park, or contribute any Money towards repairing the same: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill to exempt the Inhabitants of the several Townships, Hamlets, or Vills, of Ecclesall Bierlow, Upper Hallam, Nether Bright-

side, Bierlow, and Attercliff with Darnall, from being liable to any Statute Work on that Part of the said Road which leads through Sheffield Park, or contribute any Money towards repairing the fame; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think just and proper.

Petition of A Petition of William Newbould and William Sheffid'dnU of worth, both of Sheffield, in the County of York, Colliers, against Gan- "d of the several Merchants, Manufacturers, and other der Lane and the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Sheffield aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, by the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, it was enacted, that no Toll should be takeii for any Cattle or Carriage going through the Toll Gate at the South Entrance into Sheffield Park, employed only in carrying Coals got in the Waste Grounds of the Earl of Surrey, cabled Gleadles and Woodthorp Commons; and that the Petitioners presume that such Clause was so inserted, in order that the Town of Sheffield might be supplied with Coals at as easy a Rate as might be, for the Encouragement of the large Manufactories carried on in the said Town, which from the Nature of them consume a great Quantity of Coal; and that, in the Year 1792, and the Beginning of the following Year, there w as such a Scarcity of Coal in the Town of Sheffield, that several Steel Furnaces and Manufactories could not be regularly worked and carried on, and that the Members of several Clubs of the Town of Sheffield entered into Subscriptions for the opening of a Colliery at a Place called the Intake, adjoining the said Common and Close to the South Side of the said Toll Gate, but, by reason of the great Expences attending such Colliery, the said Clubs could not work the fame, and it was fold for £. 2,500 to the Petitioners, the said William Newbould and William Holdsworth, who have since been at a very great Expence in carrying on the fame; and that the Quantity of Coal got at the said Intake Colliery last Year was upwards of 93,700 Corves, which are obliged to be sold at One Halfpenny a Corf less than the Duke of Norfolk fells his Coal for, being the Difference of the said Toll; and that the said Duke is about getting Coal upon the said Woodthorp Common, and by the said Bill it appears that the said Exemption is to be continued; and that the Petitioners conceive V01. 54.

Sheffield Roads Bill *

405

that, for as much as the said Intake Colliery is for the supplying of the Town of Sheffield with Coal as aforesaid, the said Exemption ought either to be extended in Favour of the said Colliery, or that the Coals of the Duke, to be got upon the said Gleadles and Woodthorp Commons, ought to be subject and liable to the Payment of the same Toll as the Coals that are got at the Petitioners Pits now are, or are intended to be, liable to: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, that either no Toll shall be taken for any Cattle or Carriage going through the said Toll Gate at the South Entrance into Sheffield Park, employed only in carrying Coals got in the Land taken for the said Intake Colliery, or that the said Exemption in Favour of the said Duke may not be inserted in the said intended Bill; and that the Petitioners, the said William Newbould and William Holdsworth, may be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think just and proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the &d Committee, upon their Petitions, if they thinx. fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Searchers, and Alnstants, of the Company of Cutlers in and of the Merchants, Dealers in, and Conlumers of, Copper and Brass in the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have, for several Years last past, laboured under great Inconveniences and Disadvantages from the increasing Price of Copper and Brass, and they observe with Satisfaction that the House have taken into Consideration the State of the Copper Trade, and that a Bill is introduced for the Purpose of giving Relief to the Conlumers of Copper; and that the Petitioners, being unacquainted with the Provisions and Remedies intended by such Bill, beg Leave to represent that His Majesty's Kingdom of Ireland contains Copper Mines, some of which are now working, and, by reason of their Vicinity to the Ports of this Kingdom, a certain Supply of Copper Ore might be obtained therefrom; and that, if the Duties now imposed oh the Importation of Copper and Copper Ore into this Kingdom‘were abolished or modified, great Benefit would be derived to the Petitioners am' all other Consumers of Copper and Brass in this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the same info their Consideration, and to adopt such Measures for encouraging the Importation of Copper and Copper Ore, and regulating the Exportation thereof, as to the House shall l'eem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Master Millwrights, whose Names are thereunder' subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a dangerous Combination has for some Time existed amongst the Journeymen Millwrights, within the Metropolis, and the Limits of Twenty-five Miles round the fame, for enforcing a general Increase of their Wages, preventing the Employment of such Journeymen as refuse to join in their Confederacy, and fo/ other illegal Purposes, and frequent Conspiracies of this Sort have been set on Foot by the Journeymen, and the Mailers have as often been

5 L obliged

Petition from Sheffield, re-

fbecting the Price of Copper,

Petition of Master Millwrights, for . Leave to present a Petition.

Leave given.

Petition presented#

Account of Disposition < Grants, ordered.

406 5° Apr 1799 *

obliged to submit, and that a Demand of a further Advance of Wages has recently been made, which not being complied with, the Men, within the Limits aforesaid, have refused to work; and that a Compliance with such Demands of an Advance of Wages hath generally been followed by further Claims, with which it is im-pcflible for the Mailers to comply, without occasioning so corfsiderable an Advance in the Price of Mill Work as moll materially to affect the said Business, and the different Manufactories conned!ed therewith^ and that, in Support of the said Combination (notwithstanding the y complain of the Insufficiency of their Wages) the "Journeymen have ellablithed a general Fund, and raised Subscriptions, and so regular and connected is their Syllem, that their Demands are made sometimes by all the Journeymen, within the above Limits, at the same Time,- and at other Times at some one particular Shop, and, in case of Non-compliance, the different Work-shops (where their Demands are refilled) are wholly deserted by the Men, and other Journeymen are prohibited from applying for Work until the Mailer Millwrights are brought to Compliance, and the Journeymen, who have thus thrown themselves out of Employ, receive Support in the mean Time from their general Fund; and that the only Method of punishing such Delin-uents, under the existing Laws, is by preferring an In-idlment, at the Sessions or Assizes, after the Commission of the Offence, but, before that Time arrives, the Offenders frequently remove into different Parts of the Country , so that, even if their Places of Residence should be discovered, it would be a long Time before they could be brought to Trial, and the Expence of apprehending, and bringing them back, by Habeas, to the Place where the Offence was committed, is so heavy to the'Mailers, whose Businesses have been flopped by the Desertion of the Journeymen, that (aware of these Difficulties) the Journeymen carry on their Combinations with Boldness and Impunity; and that the lall Obstruc-tion given to the Business of the Petitioners, under which they are now suffering, and which rendered their Application to the Legislature necessary, did not take place until after the Time fixed by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was elapsed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill, for the better preventing of unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Millwright Business, and for regulating the Wages of such Workmen, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Mailer . Millwrights.

Then a Petition of the several Master Millwrights, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Containing thp same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing of unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Millwright Business, and for regulating the W ages of such Workmen, in such Manner as to the House mail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them.to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, Ihevvinghow the Money given for the Service of the Year 1798 has been dispoled of; distinguished under the several Heads, and the Parts remaining un-

satisfied, with the estimated Surplus thereon, as far as the same can be made up.'

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Long also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to enquiry into the State of the Copper Mines and Copper Trade of this Kingdom, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, have Leave to fit notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House,

Ordered, That Sir Andrew Snape Hamond be added to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for more effectual dilarming the " Highlands in that Part of Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing the Peace and " Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Informations, and, in certain Cafes, to authorize the Detentions of Persons in Prison until Trial, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr, Attorney General, and Mr, William Dttndas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His moll Gracious Message, and to acknowledge His Majesty's Conde-feension and Goodness, in having been plealed to communicate to this House the Directions which His Majesty has thought proper to give for removing to this Country, and detaining, the Persons who were in Custody in Ireland) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Mr, William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend so much of Three Acts, made in the last and present Sessiojis of Parliament, for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several Sums of Money charged as a Land Tax, as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolted, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill by read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition

Committee of Ways and Means.

Committee or Copper Trade to fit notwithstanding Adjournment of the House.

House refolres to adjourn to Monday.

Bill to extend the Bail to he given in certain Caies in Scotland, ordered.

Answer to Address.

Bill respecting the Redemption of the Land Tax. in Scotland, presented.

Petition of Owners of Symons Wharf, against Lon-ilutt Po^t Bi)l.

flerr-ber addict to bring in Sam ford Poor Bill.

Crinnn Canal Bid, passed.

Innkeepers Bill, committed.

39 Geo. III.

8° Aprilis.

4°?

A Petition of the there-undersigned Owners of an ancient and extendve Sufferance Wharf, within the limits approved of by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner Dame Elizabeth,

or the Petitioner Sir Charles William , Baronet, in her Right, and her Ancestors, have for more than a Century pad been feil'cd of, or entitled to, certain Messuages, Wharfs, Lands, and Premises, within the Parish of Saint Olave, Southwarknow converted into

one extensive Wharf, called by the Name of Symons Wharf, and the said Dame Elizabeth Blunt and her Ancestors, and their Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers, have expended many Thousand Pounds in erecting proper Buildings, Warehouses, Cranes, and other Machines, from Time to Time, according to the progressive Improvement of Commerce j and that the BUlfor rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, will, if passed into a Law, be very injurious to the Petitioners and their Property, and that the said Wharfs and Warehouses, from their local Situation, are well calculated for the Protection of the Revenue; and the Project of establishing a Wet Dock Company, of the Nature and Extent, fought for by the Bill, is replete with Iqjyftice and Oppression to numerous and useful Classes of Men, and particularly to the Petitioners, and no adequate Compensation or Relief is thereby provided: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Qounfel, or Agents, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as may asse<ft theni, at the Bar of the House, and before the Committee to whom the Bill is referred, or otherwise, as Occasionshall require, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, ayd that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon th r Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better and more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hotwired of in the County of Suffolk,

k

An ingrossed Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from i( Loch Gilp to Loch Cxinan, in the Shire of was

read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: A fid that the Title be, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Y^ar of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making (t and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp

to Lock Crijiau, in the Shire of Argyll."

Ordered, That Sir David Carnegie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsisteppc to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be copiputted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wilj, upon Monday Morning next, resolvC itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said pill.

Vo l.^4.

The other Order of the Day being read 3 Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply fe, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferr d-'' House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

And then the House adjourned till Monday ^lorn *

ing next, Ten of the Clock,

Luna,8° die Aprilis j

Anno 39° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1 799,

t

' Pit AYERS.

ABILL for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and lay- Pampjsford ing in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, inclosyire Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pampisford, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Johtf Pitt, Mr.- Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiye of" the Clock, in the Speaker'

Chamber,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act.

for naturalizing John Daniel Humbert, was "read a Second 'C0^,

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John,

Pitt, Sir John William Anderson, tcc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

A Bill fop dividing and inclosing the Opep and Green. Nqc-Common Fields j Common Meadows, Common Paf- ^onm^ tures, and other Commonable Lands amd Ground's1, fed.' within the Liberties and Precin<fts of and

Hamlet of Duncott, in the Parish of Greens Horton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Buxton,

Mr. Diekins, &c.: And they are to meet 'this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

A Petition of Sir Thomas Henry of Ravenf- Petition of Stf worthCajlle, in the County of Durham, Baronet, Owner T- H. Liddle, of several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredi- Application taments, adjoining, upon, and lying nqar unto, the fe- fc,r Line Mes veral Moors, Commons, or Wastes, lyiown by the feve- Intlolur? ral Names of Fnimwelgate Moor, High Brass Side Moor,

Low Brass Side Moor, Harbour House Moor,

Moor, Findon Hill Moor, and Potter Moor, in the County Palatine of Durham, on Behalf of himself, and several other Persons, who claim Right of Common, for, or in respect of, their said several Messuages, Lands, Ten nements, and Hereditaments, in and upon the said Moors, Wastes, or Commons, was presented to thy House, and read; Taking Notice of the Petition presented to the House, upon the 31st Pay of January last, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Comrpons,

Of Tracts of Waste Land, within, and Parcel of, the Manor of Lanchester, commonly called Char law,

Findon Hill Moor, and Potter Moor, in the County Pa-

latine of Durham; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner hath never been consulted on the Propriety of the intended Bill, or about proper Persons to be named as Commissioners therein; and that he hath not consented to the said Division and Inclosure, but hath and doth dissent therefrom: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideratiop^ and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or, it so, that the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner, and the several other Persons claiming a Right of Common,

8° Aprilis. A- 1799 *

Petition of the Glamorgan-ihiTt Canal Company against Monmouth and Cardiff, &c. Dram Roads Bill

r

Lea Bridge Roads Bill, passed,

in respect of their Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be ments, in the Commons called Findon Hill Moor, and made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Potter Moor, may be protected, and for ever pre- ResolveThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title

served. be. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the from thence to the End of the then next Session of Table. Parliament, the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Glamorganshire Canal Navigation, was presented to the Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Leaf at or House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Two Acts, near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, re-passed in the Thirtieth and Thirty-sixth'Years of the pairing, and widening Roads from thence into the great Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were au- Ro&ds af in the County of and at . thorized and empowered to make and maintain a Navi- Clapton, in the County of

gable Canal from Merthyr Tidvil to the-Town oiCardiff, Order, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

in the County of Glamorgan, and they have accordingly the L°rds, and desire their Concurrence, made and completed the said Canal, at an Expence of

upwards of One Hundred Thousand Pounds; and that A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of in- the Petitioners have seen a Bill, depending in the thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or In-House, for making and maintaining a Dram Road, or habitants, within the Town of Market Harborough, in ffclrborough Way, from or near a Place called Caruo Mill, in the the County of Leicester, and of other Persons having «nd Bramptoh Parish of Bedwelty, in the County of Monmouth, to, frequent Occasion to travel from Market Harborough R Bill dr near to, the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Gla-aforesaid to Brampton, Stoke Albany,

Morgan, with a Branch from the same to the Limestone Cottingham, Sutton, Weston, and Rockingham, in

Rocks, in the Parish of Merthyr Tidvil, in the said the County of Northampton, and to Uppingham, in the County of Glamorgan j and that the Dram Road or County of Rutland, and divers other Places in the Way, proposed to be made by the said Bill, will pass laid Counties, was presented to the House, and read; from one End thereof to the other, nearly parallel, and Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the Term, in almost every Part very near to the said Canal, and and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three several in some Places will crols the lame} and that the Peti- Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, and tioners were induced to undertake the making, of the Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty said Canal, in hopes of being repaid the Expence there- King George the Second, for repairing and widening of, with proper Remuneration for the Riik of the said the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the Coun-Undertaking, by the Carriage of Coal, Lime, Iron, ty. of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton,

Timber, and other Goods and Merchandizes thereon, in the County of Huntingdon; and Setting forth. That, but, if the said Dram Road or Way should be made under the Authority of the said Acts, a Turnpike Gate as proposed, they would be deprived of a great Part of hath been erected upon a Public Carriage Road in the those Advantages which they apprehend they have had Parish of Great leading from the Town of

granted and secured to them, and are therefore now frilly Market Harborough aforesaid, to the West End of a cer-entitled to, by the said Two Acts, without the Coun- tain Bridge in the said Parish of Great Bowden, called try adjacent, or the Public in general, receiving any par- Saint Mary's Bridge, from the Situation of which Gate ticular Benefit or Advantage; and that, by the said the Petitioners and others, passing between Market *

Acts, the 'Company are restrained from ever receiving borough and the several Towns and Places above-men-more than a certain moderate Dividend on their Shares, tioned, are subjected to great Hard ships and Inconve-and whenever the Profits of the Canal shall be more nience, without deriving any Benefit or Advantage in 'than fuflfcient to pay the same, their Rates of Tonnage Recompence for the heavy Tolls they pay thereat; and are to be lowered, and for that Reason, as well as many that the said Bill contains divers Provisions which, if others, of equal Justice, they conceive they should be carried into Effect, would be prejudicial to them: And secured in the Possession of all the Advantages proposed therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the to be granted to them by the said Acts; and that the said Bill for removing the said Gate, and that they may laid Bill will also, in other Respects, be prejudicial to be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners: And there- against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, fore praying. That they may be. heard, by themselves, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Re-not pass into a Law. lief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Tvuitees of that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of ^tntle^w Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roi'ds.^ainst they think fit. Road from the Foot of a certain Bridge in the Parish of BlU-

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, common-the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the ly called Saint Mary's Bridge, to the West Side of the said Petition. Toll Bar at the North End of the Town of

in the said County, was also presented to the House,

An ingrossed Bill'to continue the Term and Powers and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill, and of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, under, of his late Majesty, and the Eighteenth Year of the the Authority of the said Act, amended and repaired Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge the Road under their Care, in doing which, large Sums over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's oPMoney, borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, have Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening Roads been expended and Hill remain due; and that, under from thence into the great Roads at Suarejbrooke, in the Authority of the Acts proposed to be continued by the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of the said Bill, a Turnpike Gate hath been erected, and Middlesex, was read the Third Time. a heavy Toll taken, on a Public Carriage Road in the

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Parish of Great Bowden, leading from the Town of Bill, by Way of Ryder, for re-investing Money paid Market Harborough to Saint Mary's Bridge aforesaid? for the Purchase of Lands. and, from the Situation of the said Gate, the Securitjt

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the of the Money due 99 the Road under the Care of the 5 Petitioners

39 GeO. III. 8° Apr. 46

Petitioners is materially injured, and the Grievance will be aggravated if the Increase of Toll, proposed by the said Bill, should take place: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for removing the said Gate, and that the Petitioners may, be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now Hands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upo'n their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

jkysecondte<t Ordered, That the Bill for better supplying the Town Ktnding ofLi- and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs verpooi Water in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Bi]u Lancaster, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Seven-

night, the 17th Day of this Instant April.

doforertBiiin' for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open committed.' and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Hcrrworth, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierre-pont, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

&cPaBU)nfterS' thereunto subscribed, being Ship Builders, and Owners London Port and Proprietors of Ship Yards and Dry Docks, adjoin-Bili. ing to the River Thames, in the Port of London, was

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and divers other Persons, have, at a very great Expence, made and constructed many large and extensive Ship Yards and Dry Docks, adjoining to the River Thames, and have employed large Capitals in the necessary Establishments for carrying on the Trade or Business of building and repairing Ships, to an Extent fully adequate to the Demands of the Port of London, and to the great Convenience of the Public at large; and that the Operation and Effect of the said Bill, if the same should pass into a Law in its present Form, will be highly injurious to the Properties of the Petitioners, and other Ship Builders, and Owners and Proprietors of Ship Yards and Dry Docks, adjoining to the River Thames, in the Port of London, in as much as the said Company will be empowered, if they shall so think fit, to make Slips into their Docks or Basons, or upon their Quays or Wharfs, for building Ships or Vessels, and also to make contiguous to their Wet Docks, Dry Docks for repairing Ships or Vessels, and will also be empowered to make B.ifons or Canals into other Dry Docks, to be dug or made for the Purposes aforesaid, upon adjoining Pre-miles of or belonging to other Persons, and likewise to do large Repairs to Ships or Vessels whilst the same are lying in their Wet Docks; and that the Petitioners, and such other Persons as aforesaid, will thereby be injured in their Properties and Trade to a very great Extent, for which no adequate Compensation can be made to them by the said Company; and that the Petitioners, having applied to the Promoters of the said Undertaking for such Provision being made therein as might guard them against the Injury they apprehend V<)L.

they shall fyftain, if the several Powers before-mentioned should be carried into Effect, and not having succeedod in such their Applications, now find theml'elves under the Necessity of applying to the House for such Relief as they conceive they are entitled to: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for their Protection and Relief in the several Matters before-mentioned, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto subscribed, being Ship Builders, and Owners &^PaprfnfterS' and Proprietors of Ship Yards and Dry Docks, ad- londonDocks joining to the River Thames, in the Port of London, Bill, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and divers other Persons, have, at a very great Expence, made and constructed many large and extensive Ship Yards and Dry Docks adjoining to the River Thames, and have employed large Capitals in the necessary Establishments for carrying on the Trade or Business of building and repairing Ships, to an Extent fully adequate to the Demands of the Port of London, and to the great Convenience of the Public at large; and that the Operation and Effect of the said Bill, if the same should pass into a Law in its present Form, will be highly injurious to the Properties of the Petitioners, and other Ship Builders and Owners, and Proprietors of Ship Yards and Dry Docks adjoining to the River Thames, in the Port of London, in as much as the said Company will be empowered, if they shall so think fit, to make Slips into their Docks or Basons, or upon their Quays or Wharfs, for building Ships or Vessels, and to make, contiguous to their Wet Docks, Dry Docks for repairing Ships or Vessels, and also to make Basons or Canals into other Dry Docks, to be dug or made for the Purposes aforesaid, upon adjoining Premises of or belonging to other Persons, and likewise to do large Repairs to Ships or Vessels whilst the same are lying in their Wet Docks; and that the Petitioners, and such other Persons as aforesaid, will thereby be injured in their said Properties and Trade to a very great Extent, for which no adequate Compensation can be made to them by the said Company: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for their Protection and Relief in the several Matters before mentioned, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

5 M Sir

Go (port . Bridge Bill, presented.

410

Sir William Heath cote prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling Robert Esquire,

to demand and take Toll for the Passage over a Bridge by him erected acfofs a certain Lake, called Stoke, or Hajlar Lake, between the Town of in the County of Southampton, and the Royal Naval Hospital at Hajlar, in the said County: And the same was re-. ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for re- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House NSJrf to ref°Ne itself into a Committee of the whole House, Militia Men, to consider further of the Bill for reducing the Num-deterred. t)er of Militia Men to be raised, and to lerve, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill respecting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

tion^tlie5 " ^eac^‘ng the Bill to amend 10 much of Three Acts, j!°nd Tax in made in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, for gf. - making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Pur-cut ‘ chafe, the l'everal Sums of Money charged as a Land Tax, as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Report Ways Mr. Long, according, to Order, reported from the an Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place j ^nd afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Exchequer Resolved,- That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Buis. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills. ExpiringLaw. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " allow the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for a limited Time," which was to continue in Force from the 14th Day of June , 1791, until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by another Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the 14th Day of June 1798, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued. ' D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great ," which was to continue in Force for Two Years from the ift Day of January 1784, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of -Parliament, and which said Act was, by several subsequent Acts, further continued until the 24th Day of June 1799, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the QuciUon severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

3

8° Apri

A.

r799,

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. John Thomas,

Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, iCfr. Rose, and Mr.

Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the First and Fourth Resolutions, which, upon the 2iftDay of March last, were reported from the Committee appointed to esquire' what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and were then agreed to by the House,

That they do make Provisiondn the said Bill pursuant to the Two last Resolutions now reported, and agreed to, by the House.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Bill to extend House, according to Order, a Bill to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Informations, and, in cer- fain Caifcs i» tain Cafes, to authorize the Detention of Persons in jjcotbmd, p«-Prison until Trial, in that Part of Great Britain called ents Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Committee on Report from Committee of Secrecy, deferred.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 21st Day of March last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider of the Report which, upon the 15th Day of March last, was made from the Committee of Secrecy, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for taking into further Consideration. Tomorrow, His Majesty's most Gracious Mef-sage, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committreoa

King's MeP sage referred . to D° Committee.

to resolve itself into a Committee of ther whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Soli-

citors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in England " therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him, to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Ordered,

Bill to amejii Attornirs,5rc Stamp Duty

Aa.

39 Geo. III.

8° — (f Jprilis.

4ri

Accounts of Duties of Cuf toms, Excise, Ac. collected in certain Counties in Scotland, ordered *

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duties of Customs paid or collected in the Counties of Argyle, Inverness, Refs, Sutherland, Caithness, and Orkney and Shetland; as also, the Net Amount of the said Duties; distinguishing each County and Port, for the Year 1786, and for the Year 1797: And also, an Account of the above Duties, from the Year 1784, to the latest Period at which the Accounts can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Amount of all the Taxes under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in the Counties of Argyle, Ross, Sutherland,

Caithness, and Orkney and Shetland; distinguishing each Tax and County, for the Year 1786, and for the Year 1797: And also, an Account of the above Duties, from the Year 1784, to the latest Period at which the Accounts can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duties on Salt paid or collected in the Counties of Argyle, Invtrness, Ross, Sutherland, Caithness, and Orkney and Shetland; as also, the Net Amount of the said Duties on Salt; distinguishing each County and Port, for the Year 1786, and for the Year 1797: And also, an Account of the above Duties, from the Year 1784, to the latest Period at which the Accounts can be made up.

Committee on Keports of

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Mt'rrin Fish. a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the «rie !"5 ' several Reports which, upon the 2 2d Day of December

and the 19th Day of March last, were made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the moll effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Lawrence Palk took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker relumed- the Chair.

Sir Lawrence Palk reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Reports.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Law, respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morn-' ing.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Ibr railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for inCrcafing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers. Supply, defer- ' Resolved, That this House will, upon

Mcining next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill respecting Offences committed at Sea, deferred.

Wiys and Means, deferred.

Innkeepers Bill, deferred.

Martis, 9P d Apr His \

Anno 390 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1799. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acte, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford

to Amwell End, near I Fare, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, being Stage Coach Proprietors, Innkeepers, and Warehousekeepers, refidiilg in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, on Behalf of themselves and all others concerned in the Delivery q( Boxes and Parcels, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for regulating the Rates of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers and other Persons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent; and Setting forth. That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would be highly injurious to them, and would not be attended with any Public Advantage, but, on the contrary, would be prejudicial to the Revenue, inaimuch as many of the Stage Coaches that are now used, and upon which considerable Duties are payable to Government, mull ne-ceflarily be discontinued: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against several of the Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Bill, by which they, may be affected or injured, and also against the Principle of the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by 'themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. William Dundas, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to 11 is Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and " Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein " mentioned,"«-was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which V o u 54. they

Enfield, f?ert-

so-d,ami Ware R<v UJJil], paiitd.

Petition of Stage Coach Proprietors, See. against: London Porterage Bill *

Bill to amend Attornies, Sec, Stamp Duty Att, report cd«

9 jlpril *

413

they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

SfiVy and Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

BUifreporfed. w^om ^e Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Further Ex- Mr. Long presented to the House, according to chequer Bill Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money by preen Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

1 . Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ripe seed, Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Or-frn'ted!^ ' der, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the al-(Expiring lowing the Importation of Rape Seed,-and other Seeds

used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A.

799'

Laws.)

Tanners, See. The House was moved, That an Act, made in the indemnity Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, in- Bill, ordered, ^ituled, " An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under the said Act, and to repeal so much of the said Act as relates to the felling of Hides of Beasts Slaughtered for the Use of His Majesty's Navy: And that the Lord Hawkejbury, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Douglas, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the Ume.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspec- Account cf for General of the Imports and Exports of Great Bri- cleared from tain, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at Liverpool for the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their prC

Order, n *

An Account of the Number of Vessels, with their Tonnage and Number of Men, that have cleared out from the Port of Liverpool for the Coast of Africa from the 28 th of June last, as far as the same can be made up, with the Quantity of Goods compofifig their Cargoes; distinguishing their Species, and whether of British or Foreign Manufacture, and also the Amount of the Convoy Duties paid or payable thereon.

And then he withdrew. 1

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, g"^ * " upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wallace took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wallace reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Binrerpeaing Reading of the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Law respecting Offences committed upon the High ted.

Seas, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Commit- Petition of tee, to whom the Petition of the several Master Mill- Matter M u-wrights, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was ^^ <1!' " referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Rennie, being examined, said, That a dangerous Combination has for some Time existed amongst the Journeymen Millwrights, within the Metropolis, and the Limits of Twenty-five Miles round the fame, for enforcing a general Increase of their Wages, preventing the Employment of such Journeymen as refuse to join in their Confederacy, and for other illegal Purposes; and that frequent Conspiracies of this Sort have been set on Foot by the Journeymen, and the Masters have been as often obliged to submit, and that a Demand of a further Advance of Wages has recently been made, which not being complied with, the Men, within the Limits aforesaid, have refused to work; that a Compliance with such Demands of an Advance of Wages, hath generally been followed by further Claims, with which

Overseer Assistant Kill, deferred.

A ccounts

ordered.

Surplus of

C'oufolidated

Fund.

Produce of

Taxes.

The Lords have agreed to

Scotch Distil-kiy Bill.

jp Geo. III.

which it is impossible for the Masters to comply, without occasioning so considerable an Advance in the Price of Mill Work, as most materially to affect the said Business, and the different Manufactories connected therewith; that in Support of the said Combination (notwithstanding the y complain of the Insufficiency of their Wages) the Journeymen have established a general Fund, and raised Subscriptions, and so regular and connected is their System, that their Demands are made sometimes by all the Journeymen, within the above Limits, at the same Time, and at other Times within-some one particular Shop, and, in case of Non-compliance, the different Workshops (where their Demands are refilled) are wholly deserted by the Men, and other Journeymen are prohibited from applying for Work until the Master Millwrights are brought to Compliance, and the Journeymen, who have thus thrown themselves out of Employ, receive Support in the mean Time from their general Fund; that the only Method of punishing . such Delinquents, under the existing Laws, is by preferring an Indictment, at the Sessions or Assizes, after the Commission of the Offence, but before that Time arrives the Offenders frequently remove into different Parts of the Country, so that, even if their Places of Residence should be discovered, it would be a long Time before they could be brought to Trial, and the Expence of apprehending and bringing them back to the Place where the Offence was committed, is so heavy to the Masters, whole Buiinesses have been Hopped by the Defer-tion of the Journeymen, that (aware of these Difficulties) the Journeymen carry on their Combinations with Bold-ness and Impunity.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Millwright Business, and to enable the Magistrates to regulate their Wages within the Limits therein mentioned: And that Sir John Anderson and Mr. Alderman Lufuington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 21st Day of March last, for taking into further Consideration, upon Thursdaynext, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill'to authorize the Appointment of Persons toaffift the Overseers of the Poor, was re-committed, might be lead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight:

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th Day of April 1799.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of all the Taxes existing before 1793, and of the Amount of the Taxes imposed in each Year since 1793, in the Years ending on the 5th Day of April 1798, and the 5th Day of April 1799.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

'Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Ninety-two, videlicet, on the Twenty-ninth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of for a limited

Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, without any Amendment: And also,

Vol.- 54.

4i3

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit Ships to lall from certain Ports of the MLr.d '"‘ t

of Newfoundland, and from the Coast of , with-

out Convoy; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 10° die j4prilis>

Anno 39 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1799.

Praters.

R John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Chrirtln'9N.1t. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Bli1, reP0iUj tuled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Henry was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that1 the Committ'ce had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Message by Mr: Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His fly's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notify ing, the Royal Assent to the several Public 13ills and one Private Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His. Royal Highness the Pri nee of Wales, His Royal High neb the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Glonccfthe Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor ot Great Britain, the Earl of and Earl

Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz. ' *

An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter . Ninety-two, videlicet, on the Twenty-ninth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland, and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a. Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland:

An Act to permit Ships to fail from certain Ports of the Island of Newfoundland, and from the Coast of La~

brador, without Convoy:

5 N An

90 — 10° April

William Hen rv Ricketts's Divorce Bill, deferred.

Commitee on Bill respecting Offences at Sea.

Report on St. Margaret's Church Petition, referred to the Committee of Supply.

4 4

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of HevingJtam and Marsham, in the County of and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common in, over and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the ad Day of this Instant April, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Henry Ricketts, Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Jane Lambart, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Law respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 21 ft Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and others, the Vestrymen, of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster, in Vestry assembled, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred

1799.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second reading of the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second reading of the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain-, and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Foster (from the Exchequer) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uant to their Orders,

An Account of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th Day of April 1799; And also.

An Account of the Produce of all the Taxes existing before 1793, and of the Amount of the Taxes imposed in each Year since 1793, in the Years ending the 5th Day of April 1798, and the 5th Day of April 1799.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said. Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

16° Apr

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1799.

The Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1799, amounts to the Sum of One Million One Hundred and Twenty-four Thousand and Eighty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence.

Exchequer, the 10th Day of April 1799.

Jams Fi/her.

To

Further Exchequer Bilb Bill, committed.

Rape Seed, &c, BUI, cpni-mi'tted. (Expiring Laws.)

Accounts pre-seated.

Surplus of

Consolidated

Fund.

Produce of Taxes.

39 Geo. Ill;

10

Aprilts.

4 S

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of all the Taxes, existing before 1793} and of the Amount of the Taxes imposed in each Year since 1793, in the Years ending the 5th Day of April 1798, and the 5th Day of April 1799.

CONSOLIDATED CUSTOMS, after deduOing £. 116,676. St. SJ. by Aa 37 Geo. III. Cap. 15. to be carried to Account of Duties pro A° 1796, being the computed Annual Saving to the Public on Account of the Re dudion in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar -

CONSOLIDATED EXCISE DUTIES ——

-By Ad 34 Geo. ill. Cap. aa out of ^xcise Duty on P&per, A° 1794 in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 75,000, per Annum -

By Ad 34 Geo. Ill Cap. 33. out of Exdfe Duty on Spirit Licences, A° 1794, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 36,000, per Annum - -

Reserved - (

CONSOLIDATED STAMP DUTIES ——

By Ad 36 Geo. III. Cap. 125. out of Stamp Duty on Hats, A0 1796, in^lieu of Duties then repealed, at £.9,479. iw. per Annum ——

By Ad 34 Geo. III. Cap. 28. out of Stamp Duty on Bills

Reserved - / and Receipts, A0 1794, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 128,600, per Annum ——

By Ad 36 Geo. III. Cap. 52. out of Stamp Duty on Legacies, A° 1796, in lieu of Duties then repealed, at £. 41,079, per Annum -

V.

INCIDENTS:

Reserved by Ad 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18. out of Consolidated Letter Money, being the Annoal Average Produce of that Duty prior to the Year 1795 Consolidated Duties on Salt ——

Reserved by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 89. out of Consolidated Duty on Salt, in lieu of the above Duties then repealed, at £. 406,220, per Annum Houses and Windows, A® 1766 ——

Reserved by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. out of Consolidated Duties on Houses and Windows, A0 1798, in lieu of the above Duties then repealed, at £. 327,900, per Annum ——

Inhabited Houses, A° 1779

Reserved by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. out of Consolidated Duty on Inhabited Houses, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £.148,600, per Annum -

Male Servants, A® 1785 -

Reserved by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Male Servants, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £. 93,000, per Annum -Horses, A° 1785 ——

Reserved by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Horses, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £.106,000, per Annum -Four-Wheeled Carriages ——

Two-Wheeled D° ——

Reserved by Ad 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Carriages, in lieu of the above Duties then repealed, at £. 200,000, per Annum -Seizures ——

Prefers ——

Alum Mines - - - - / -

Compositions ——

Alienation Duty ——

Rent of a Light House - - - ( -

First Fruits of the Clergy - - - - -

Tenths of - - - - D1 ——

6 si. Deduction on Pensions ——

I - D® - on Salaries ....

Hawkers and Pedlars ——

Hackney Coaches and Chairs - -

Lottery Licences ——

rShops

Arrears of

J Wagg°ns

I Cam

C Female Servants

5th April . 1798.

£ 2,843,780 16 9 *

7,204,7 5 — 3

7j ,000 — ‘ — 36,000 — — . 1,100,842 19 10

9,479 11 — 128,600 — — 60,843 18 10

11,461,272 6 8 £

410,556 — —

43 950 5}

324,172 94

>57 433 >9 Si

101,088 — 55

122,031 — 7

152,3 8 5 8

48,560 5 1$

3i >96 9 9} 627 8 5

960 -- —

2 13 4

1,721 8 8

1368

3.833 >9 7i 9.862 5 8 4

53.693 -

69,022 — 2\ 6,230 3 6 24,000 — —

M33 3 6 72 1 3

32 4 6

17 5 3

38 14 *

5th AmiL 1 7 99 *

£. d.

3.906,275 4 8. *

7,323,000 7 *

' 75,000 — —

15,000 — — 1,040,348 4 5

9,479 11 — 128,690 — - 49,581 1 *

12,547,284 8 si

1,954 896 7 3

410.556 ——

200,514 6 if

203,110 — — 141,700 6 si

245,925 ——

66,107 7 64

111,450 ——

39,8i2 19 1

69,750 — —

51.389 4 ,0»

79.5oo ——

75.374 — 9 24,367 18 4!

131,625 4 8 4

43,840 19 — 4 60a — 11 960 — —

2 — — 4

L79 l9 4

6 13 4

3 549 9 " 9,87a 5 6 £ 46,640 — — 39,625 7 4

4,194 ——

23,800 — — 910 6 1

2 6 — *

11 4 —

18 8 9

2,027,016 7 10

VOL. 54.

(Continued.)

41 <5

10° Aprilis.

A. 1799.

(Continued.) "

DUTIES PRO A ^79^:

British Spirits, A0 1791....

10 per Cent, on AiTessed Taxes....

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. out of Consolidated Duties on D°, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £. 90,790, per Annum

Game Duty -..... - -

Surplus of Duty on Bills and Receipts, after reservipg the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid - -

9UVI£$ PRO A0 1794:

Sugar, A0 1791 - *

Foreign Spirits, A0 ^791 - - - - - - *

British Spirits, - - j 794 -

Foreign D° r - - - - . - *

Attornies Articles - - n

Surplus of Duty on Spirit Licences, after referring the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid t ——

Glass....

Qricks and Tiles (Customs) r ——

D° - - - (Exei- - - - - - .

Paper ... (Customs) - -

D° - - (Excise), after referring the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid - - t - - - - .

Slates and Stones t - - - 1 - -

DUTIES PRO A# 1795

British Spirits t Foreign D°

Wines - -

Sweets - - v -

Cocoa - - .

Stamps -

Ship Policies - 1

Hair Powder Certificates Receipts Coals -

Tea -

Fruits -

Spirit licences

Reserved out of Consolidated Letter Money, computed Average Increase of Revenue by reason of the Re/triftion in Fxanking, by Afl 35 Geo. III.

DUTIES.PRO A9 1796:

Horses used for Riding, & c. ——

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Riding, &c. in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £. 106,000, per Annum - - - - «... -

Tobacco - - - - .

Horse Dealers Licences - - " -

Wine (Excise) ——

D? (Customs) ——

Sweets ——

Svrtlus of Duty on Legacies, after referring the Annual Average Produce as aforesaid ——

D ----- - on Hats - - - D° - - - D°

2 j. Duty on Horses used for Husbandry - -

Reserved, by Act 38 Geo. ILL Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duties on Horses used for Husbandry, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £, 95,000, per Annum ——

Dogs....

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 41. out of Consolidated Duty on Dogs, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £. 70,000 per Annum -£ 10 per Cent, on Assessed Taxes -

Reserved by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40 and 41. out of Consolidated Duties, in lieu of the above Duty then repealed, at £. 80,190, per Annum Computed Annual Saving, by reducing the Allowance for Wade on Salt Taken out of Consolidated Customs, being the computed Annual Saving to the Public, on Account of Reduction in the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar

3th Afrjl 179S.

th Afril 17 9 9-

£ ' ' £. *

74,788 90,906 — —

94>97 9 »oi 10,637 14 1

_ — 6i.55S 10 9l

19,130 15 — 20,292 1 3

54 ®9.® ® 58,552 7 8

243,78812101 241,94313 9 *

2>3»4>6 3 — 281,914 16 11

«3S.484 131,683 — —

7S 2S4 — — 91,004 — —

— — 128,367 — —

16,901 — 10 20,620 1 4

169,361 s — 9.35 "

43.763 43.358

36.1 1 loi 60 15 3

46,110 — — 45 i2i

4.852 5 7,439 — 11

83.944 78,985

14'3,4 7 10,783 2 11 i

925,542 8 4i 848,687 7 4 f

73.898 88,752

122,991 128,087 — —

2£1,88i - — 476.654

5»45 , 6,854 .

22,899 — I 22,073 — —

39.745 8 2 36,998 18 3'

86,840 14 6 113461 8 9

186,37113 7 >57.935 6 3

7,185 6 9 7.568 3 5

14,989 I — 15,290 — 11

243,704 5 2 243,883 — —

95,122 1 8 £ 115,811 14 4

— — 33 851 10 —

40,000 — . — 40,000 — —

1,191,078 10 lof 1,487,270 I J i

97,480 3 — 54.237 >3 4f

- _ - 79,500 — —

180282 — — 173.093

1,009 11 9 1,630 3 &

200,325 — — 95,273

297.547 6 3f 508,044 3 6

5,640 7,087 — —

— . — . 37 607 17 3

S 1 759 5 9 36,793 3 9

84,554 16 10 % 42 558 1 4

71,250 — . —

68,489 7 81 36,905 19 4

— — 37.476 1S >o

101,220 10 3 \ >> 347 4

— — 43,133 >7 4$

32,000 — — 32,000 —

116,676 5 8 116,676 5 8

1,236,984 6 "4! >,384,614 5 ipi

(Qontinmd\)

39 Geo. lit

io

Apritis.

4 1

(Ctnlinued.)

ovTits pko A4^1797:

Fcppcr ——

£. 20 per Cent, on Assessed Taxes -

Surplus of D°, after referring the Sums as directed by Act 3$ Geo. lit: Cap. 40 and 41-- ——

British Spirits - ....

Foreign

Auctions ——

Deeds L----«-r----

Cocoa ——

Stage Coaches -

Sugar .....- -

Bricks..... - -

Tea -

Horses nfed for Riding, &c. ——

3/. Duty on Horses used for Hafbandry ——

Surplus of Consolidated Duty on Inhabited Houses, after referring the Sums as directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. - -

Plate.....-

Clocks and Watches ——

Surplus of Consolidated Letter Money, after referring the Sunir as directed by Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 18. - -

Male Servants ——

Surplus of Consolidated Duty on D°, after referring the Sum as directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40. - - - r - -

Houses and Windows -

Surplus of Consolidated Duty on Houses and Windows, 1798, after referring the Sums as directed by Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 40.

D® - Horses used for Riding, Ac. - D° - - - Cap. 4J. - -

US' D° Husband ry - - - D®-D®

Spirit Licences (Cap. 17.) ——

D® - - - (Cap. 10a) ——

DUTIES PRO A9 1798:

Duty on Salt, A® 1798 ——

Surplus of Duties on Salt, after referring by Act 38 Geo. UL Cap. 89.

JT. 406,220, per Annum - -

Armorial Bearings -

Tea - - - , - r

Spirit Licences t *

c

TOTALS of CUSTOMS, EXCISE, STAMPS

D» -D° -

De -D° -D° -D.

D - - . D -

- INCIDENTS -

- DUTIES pro A 179,

D° 1794 *

* D® - - 1795 -

- - D» - - - 1796 ,

» - D° - - - 1797 ,

- 1798 .

5th Arm

179 .

£ ii 4

68,406 II 71 69,420 — —

75,227 ——

113,677 ——

40,597 -u —

355-39 5 6

4,617 — -t-49.180 2 8 278,623 3 11

23,352 ——

289,193 9 8

2,600 — —

lS(.444 — — 100 — —

,560 — —

1,556,924 7 11

18,570,487 — s|

5th Ann 1799.

160,569 17 1 f

74,3271010 i 9,873 — — 126,202 — —

47 54 ——

611,697 15 —

5 33 — —

6o;8ii 8 10

4i9. 54 5 23,928 — — 282,402 — — 2,980 — 55 54® — —

4 58210 7 4 10 6

33,120 — —

229,444 ----- -.

5,130 — —

8,340 10 3 33,720 ——

297-097 3 7 i 4 5S9 8 10 56,162 4 21 119,406 — — 16^250 — —

2,910,290 12 3

100,429 12 8

130,120 8 11

25,35° ——

>3 339 — — .

30,000 — —

399,239 1 7

1,461,272 6 12,547,284 s si

,954^96 7 3 2,027,016; IO

N V 00 GO 12 °£ 241,943 3 9i

925,542 8 4t 848,687 7 4 £

1,191,078 10 iai 1,487,270 t *

1,236,984 6 4 £ 1,384,614 5 io£

* 5S6 9 4 7 £ 2,910,290 IS 3i

— — 399- 39 t '7

21,846,345 18 4

Exchequer, . 7

10th Day of April 1799. j

JAMES FISHER.

VAt. 54.

50

Or dared,

Bill to amend ArtoriiieSjAc Stamp Duty Act paricd.

Innkeeper *

Bill, reported.

Accounts relative to the Public Revenue, &c. pre-iented.

418

to

i s. A.

1799.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That stich a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as Qjall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His. present Majesty, intituled,. " An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of " Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the " Courts in England there'm mentioned'/' be now read.

And the said Order being lead accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/vedjThat the Bill do pass: Arid that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp " Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and " Attorriies, in any of the Courts in England therein " mentioned/ ' "

Ordered, That Mr. William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wallace, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for increasing' the Rates of Subsistence. to be pjiid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers; was committed j the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where, the Amendments were Once read throughout; rind then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question j severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grolied.

Mr. Rose pteferited to the House,'pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Public Funded Debt as it flood on the ill February 1799; distinguishing the Capital of the several Funds existing prior to the 5th January 1793, from those created since that Period; likewise of the several Stocks or Annuities redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, between the ill Day of July 1786 and the ill Day of February 1799; distinguishing, as to the Debt prior to the Year 1793, how much thereof has been since redeemed, and what Sums are applicable to the Reduction thereof; and distinguishing also, as to the subsequent Debt, in‘ like Manner how far redeemed, and what Sums are applicable thereto: And also, ‘

An Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining unappropriated in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1798, together with the

Monies paid into the same between the 5th 1798

and the 6th Jammy 1799, have been actually applied, distinguishing the total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service, namely, — ill. The Intercli of the Public Funded Debt, together with the Charges of Management,' and Sums paid towards its Reduction; — 2clly. The Interest on Exchequer Bills; — 3dly. The Civil List; — 4tbly.The other Charges on the Consolidated Fund 5thly. The Navy, speci tying the Amount of the Monies respectively paid to the Dfe of the Admiralty and Navy Office, the Marines, the Victualling, the Sick and Wounded, the Transports, and the rrisoners of War in Health; — 6thly. The Ordnance; — 7 thly- The Army, specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of tire Ordinary Services, videlicet, ior Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, and Invalids, for Barracks, foil Staff Officers and Officers of Garrisons, for Haif Pay, for Widows Rensions, for Chelsea Hospital, for Foreign Corps, fotj Exchequer Fees, and for Pay of Public Offices; spec'fying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services of the Army; — 8thly. Loans, Remittances, and Advances? to other Countries, specifying the total Amount paid to them respectively 9thly. Miscellaneous Services at Home and Abroad, specifying the total Amount paid upon each Article: — Together with the further Amount of any Part of the said Public Monies applied to any other Public Services, specifying the lame; inclosing.

Appendix (A.) An Account of the Public Funded Debt, as the same ftoocl on the id February 1799, distinguishing by what A«fts of Parliament the same is created, and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded (as far as the same can be ascertained); distinguishing also the different Funds in which U: is inverted, the Capital Stock of each Fund, the Annual Interest thereof, the Annual Interest of Anriuities for Terms, the Charges of Management, the Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund, by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Yearbf His present Majesty, and the Annuity of £. 1 per Centum per Annum upon Capitals created since the 5th January 1793; distinguishing, also, upon what Conditions; and at what Periods, the several Parts of the Public Debt are redeemable or determinable r Appendix (B.) An Account of thd Money paid for Interest on Exchequer Bills; between the 5th January 1798 and the 6th January 1799: Appendix (C.) An Account of the Charges upon the Consolidated Fund in the Year 1798, exclu-five of the Interest of the Public Debt, and of any Priynleritsupon Exchequer Bills; distinguishing the same under the several Heads of Civil L.ift, Courts of Justice", &c. Mint, other Salaries " and Allowances, and Bounties:

Appendix (D. x,) An Account, shewing the Amount Teceived from His Majesty's Exchequer, for Naval "Services, between 5th- January 1798 and 6th January 1799; distinguishing the Services to which the same has been applied:

' Appendix (D. 2.) An ACcount of Monies received from the Commissioners of His Majesty Navy for the Marine Service, Order of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, between the 5th January 1798 and the 6th January 1799: Appendix(D. 3.) An Account, shewing the Amount of Money received from His Majesty's Exchequer, for the Use of the Victualling Department, from the 5th January 1798 to the 6th January 1799;

Appendix (D. 4.) An Account of the Amount of Monies received for the Service of the Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, between, the 5th January 1798 and the 6th January 1799: Appendix (D. 5.) An Account of the Amount of the Monies respectively paid for Transport Services, and Prisoners of War in Health, between the 6th January 1798 and the 5th January 1J99: Appendix (E.) An Account of the Amount of Monies paid for Ordnance Services, between 5th January 1798 and 6th January 1799:

Appendix (F,) Paymaster General's Report of Monies paid for Army Services, between 5 th January 1798 and 6th January 1799; inclosing,

An Account of Monies paid for the Service of the Army between the 5th January 1798 and the 6th January 1799:

Appendix

S

39 Geo. III.

l o'

Aprilis.

Appendix (G.) An Account af Loans. and, Remittances to Ireland and Portugal in the Year

1798: -

Appendix (H.) An Account, shewing how the Public Monies remaining unappropriated, in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of , January 1798, together with the Monies paid into the same between the 5th, Day of January 1798 and the 6th Day of January 1799, have been actually applied, as far as relates to Milcel-lancous Services at Home and Abroad } specifying the total Amount paid upon each Article; together with the further Amount of any Part of the said Public Monies applied to any other Public Services} specifying the same: And all'o,

An Account of the Total Amount of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List (not being Part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which were not replaced by Parliament on the 5th of January 1799; specifying the general Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced between the 5th of January 1797 and the 5th of January 1799; and the Total Amount of the Advance on each Head l'efpe'&ively: And also.

An Account of the Unfunded Debt and Demands outstanding on the 5th of January 1799, under the Heads of Lxfch'equer, Treasury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, and any other Head of Public Service; specifying the fame'; distinguishing under each Head, respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands consistect, and also what Part of the said Unfunded Debt was then provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part, thereof was then unprovided for'5 inclosing.

Appendix (A.) An Account of the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills butstanding on the 5th Day of January 1799:

Appendix (B. 1.) An Account of the Unfunded Debt and Demands butstanding on the 5th of January 1799, under the Heads of Exchequer, Treasury, Army, BarracTcs,.'Ordnance, Navy, and any other Head of Public Service, specifying the fame} distinguislaing under each Head, respectively, the Particulars of which such Debts or Demands consisted; and also, what Part of the said Unfunded Debt Was then provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then unprovided for, as far as relates to the Treasury:

Appendix (B. 2.} An Account of Warrants for . Army Services due and unpaid, on the 5th January 1799, and of Treasury Bills accepted previous to, and on the jth January 1799, due subsequent to that Day:

Appendix (C.) Paymaster General's Report of the Demands for Army Services outstanding on the 5th January 1799} inclosing,

An Account of the Demands for Army Services outstanding on the 5th of January 1799 } distinguishing the Particulars of which the same consisted'.

Appendix (D.) Statement of the Demands outstanding for Barracks on the 5th January

1799- .

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Papers Were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. '

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 54.

419

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account of the Amount of the Unfunded Debt of the Navy, and of all Demands outstanding on the 31st December 1798, distinguishing the , Particulars of which the fameconfift; and also, of the Account of Demands on the Ordnance outstanding on the 5th January 1799; distinguishing the Particulars of which such Demands conlift, and also what Part of the said Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner, and what Part thereof was then unprovided for, be printed, as shall be luthcient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Orde^ resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr- Nicholas Vahfittart took the Chair of the Committee. ....

Mr. Speaker refurried the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave.to fit again.'

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of John Daivfon, of Merchant,

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner, forfome Years past, hath been in the Practice of trading largely on the Coast, in the Vicinity of Sierra Leone, and hath now Property there to the Amount of £.30,000, and upwards; and that Obligations from different Traders having been taken by the Agents of the Petitioner for Slaves, for which the Petitioner has paid Value, such Property will be wholly irrecoverable should the said Bill pass into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by himself, his Agents, or Counsel, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, without adequate Compensation being made to the Petitioner.

A Petition of John Hodgson and 'Thomas Hodgson, of Liverpool, Merchants, on Behalf of themselves and others concerned with them, was also prefepted to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been in the P raft ice of trading largely to that Part of the Coast near Sierra Leone, and have a very valuable Factory at the ljles de Loss, and a great many Grametas or Black Servants and Slaves attached thereto, and also Debts owing to them to a considerable- Amount, which, will be loft, or tendered of no Val.ue, if the said Bill passes trito a 'Law r And therefore praying to be heard,' by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, and that the said Bill may ndt pass into a Law, without adequate Compensation being, made'to the Petitioners.

A Petition ‘of Robert Sellar, Merchant, jn on Behalf of himself and his Brother John Sellar, re-fiding on the Windward Coast of Was likewise

presented to the House, and read; Also.taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner and his said Brother have been, for several Years, in the Practice of trading largely to that Part' Of the Coast near Sierra Leone, and have a very valuable factory oh the River Riopungas, where the Petitioner's Brother re-

fides, and they, have also another Establishment on the River Rionoones, near the ljles de Ldfs, and trtiny Gra mfetas or Black Servants and Slaves attached thereto , and also several Vessels used as Craft, with Debts owing to them, in all amounting to upwards of 12,000 which will be rendered of no Value if the- Bill passes into a Law: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, without adequate Compensation being made to the Petitioner and his fjpd Brother,

who

(Navy and Ordnance.) Accounts to be pirnted.

Committee on Bill to limit the Trading for Siavci.

Petition of Mr. Daw (on apainil D *

Bill.

Petition of MefTrs, Hodg-ion, against D- Bui.

Petition of Mr. Sellar,

Kigaud's Nat. Bin, reported, and passed.

Humbert's Nat. Bill, imported, and paised.

Petition from Commissioners of Sewers of the Tower Hamlets, against London Docks Bill.

420

who beg to be heaai, fc>y themlelVes, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Bar of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed 1 And the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Cotn-tnittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, withotit a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 110 diejfprtlis;

Anqo 390 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

1799.

posed by the said Bill, the Outlets of several of the said Sewers, and particularly of the Wrapping Level, and Man-in the-Moon Sewer, will be cut off, and; it will be absolutely necessary that new Outlets of Sewers should be made, for the Purpose of draining a considerable Part of the City of London and County of Middlesex, but which, by the Laws in being, cannot be done; and that the making of such new Outlets or Sewers will be attended with a very heavy Expence, to be charged on the Inhabitants of the fawl 'Tower Hamlets, and the said Bill does not contain proper Powers and Provisions for indemnifying them from such Expence, nor enabling the Commissioners to make such new Sewers or Outlets} and that the said Bill will also, in other Respects, be prejudicial to the Sewers under the Care and Management of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now (lands; or, that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed j and that the Petitioners he heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

to® — 116 Aprilis.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. John Pitt tcported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Humbert, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pht do cariy the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

- A Petirion of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder signed, being a Quorum of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlet?, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and Setting forth. That there are, and have been, for Time immemorial, several Sewers, within the Toivfr Hamlets, under the Care and Management of commissioners appointed for that Purpose, which Sewers all have their Outlets into the River Thames -, and that, if the Docks and other Works are made as pro-

Mr. George Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Land?, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Horton, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure. had been complied with j and that the Committee haa examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their. Confeiit to, the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates afi-sessed to the Land Tax, at £.43. 13 od. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill j and also except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.40. 1 od. per Annum, who were neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at the Annual Sum of £.375. 5s: bd.) and that the Committee had gone- through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto,- which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report irt his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,. be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, paised in the Third and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of land, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and niade several Amendments thereunto,

which

Horton fnclo-sure Bill, re- ported.

Kirkby Kendal Roads Bill, reported.

39 Geo. III. i10 Aprills.

421

which they had directed him to report to the House; That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by widening the Road from upon Trent, in the

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from were agreed to by the House. Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Guide Post on the Road near Bingham, in the ingrossed. < Ibid County of Nottingham: And that Mr.

Mr. Thomas Manners Sutton, and Mr. John do

Manchester Mr. Blackburnc, of Lancashire, reported from the prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually reloads Bill, pairing and improving the Roads from Manchesterin . An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al-reporttd. t|ie County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham, to tering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts, A after lands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County ‘Raffed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of of York, and from Oldham to Ashton under Lyne, and the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

from Oldham to the Village of . Roy ton, in the said and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His

County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the of York, was read the Third Time.

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feve- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and him to report to the House; and he read the Report from whence to the End of the then next Sessioo- of in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Parliament;.the Term, and altering and enlarging the the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Wherfe the Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a and' Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Majesty King the Second, and in the Twenty-

severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House. sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,' so far Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be as the same relate to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in ingrossed. the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do carry the Bill

Great Klim- Mr. Bay tonpresented to the House, according to to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, t un inclosure Older, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the _

1 i.preitm '-Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

the Parish of Great Ellingham, in the County of Nor- Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for increasing the folk: And the same was received j and read the First Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and Time. others, on Quartering Soldiers, be now read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Snmford Poor Mr. Burton presented to the House, according to Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Bin, presented Order, a Bill for the better and more effectual Relief be, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Sam- be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering ford, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was re- Soldiers.

ceived; and read the First Time Ordered, That Mr. Mace do carry the Bill to the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newark, See. Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to The House was moved. That the Order, made upon wwc whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a

on, reporte arc thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the

into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year Bill for permitting certain Goods imported from the

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the

widening the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from in lieu thereof, might be read.

Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near And the said Order being read accordingly;

the Guide Post on the Fiji Road, near Bingham, in the Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

laid County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow

Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant re-

ing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, solve itself into the said Committee.

had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di- Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-reeled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Majesty.

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-said Act was read: And, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Mr. Samuel Allen being examined, said. That the House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Act, have pro- the Supply granted to His Majesty. ceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed

several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to thereby granted, which still remain due and owing; the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for and that the said Road cannot be completely amended the electing of & Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-and kept in Repair, and the Debts contracted on Ac- ment, for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of count thereof be discharged, unless the Term of the said Surrey, in the room of John Heathcote, Esquire, who. Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted enlarged. the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three

Vol. 54. 5 P Chjltcrn

Selby and Leeds Road Bill, pulied.

Innkeepers Bill, passed.

East India Goods Bill, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Gatton Writ.

422 11° — I

ChHtern Hundreds of Stoke, and

in the County of Buckingham.

Committee on . Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House cheouerE iil to re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill. upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money by

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Coieham Sir William Pulteitey reported from the Committee, to

SntiRe, whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ton^&c.Roads are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed for Petition, re- repairing the several Roads in the County of Salop, ported. thereinafter described, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Coieham Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stret ton, and to the Top of LythwoodHill, and from Pulley Common to the May-pole in Condover, and from Coieham Bridge to Longdon, in the County of Salop-, also an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge,

in the Town of Shrewsbury, and for appropriating Part of the Tolls collected upon certain Roads leading to the said Bridge, towards finishing the fame, and for granting additional Terms to the several Acts for repairing the said Roads, were read: And,

Mr. 'Thomas Farmer Dukes being examined, said. That the Trustees, in carrying the hrft-mentioned Act into Execution, have been obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly expended, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; but the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads be kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for renewing and enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (among other Purposes) for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Roads from Coieham " Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church " Stretton, and to the Top of Lythwood Hill, and from " Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover, and from " Coieham Bridge to Longdon, in the County of Salop," and for altering, amending, and enlarging the Term and Powers of such last mentioned Act: And that Sir William Pnlteney and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

i° Aprilis. 1799.

Sir William Pulteneyrepotted from the Committee, creflage,

to whom the Petition of the Persons whose Names are Roads and thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Commit- uoi^re^md. tee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Scott being examined, said. That the Road leading from CreJJage to Wellington, in the County of Salop,

is greatly out of Repair, and requires to be altered and widened in many Places, and that the Passage across the River Severn, by a Ford near is

only pafliible in Summer, and even then is often obstructed by Floods. And the Witness further said.

That a proper Communication from the right to the left Side of the River by a Bridge, would be a great Convenience to the Country on both Sides of the said River; and also, if a Road was made from each End of the said Bridge, to join on the right Hand the Turnpike Road leading from Cund to CreJJage, and on the left Hand to be carried from the said Bridge, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to the Watling Street, near to the Nine Mile Stone.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near CreJJage, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same: And that Sir William Pulteney and Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Aprilis;

Anno 39# Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1799.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing and Manehefter improving the Roads from in the ^n'|)A"1 er'

County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham, to uonds Bill, terlands, \w the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of paired. York, and from Oldham to Ashtonunder Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of Roylon, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do jeafs: And that the Title . be, An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham, to in

the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of ork, and from Oldham to Ashton under Lyne, and from Oldham to ‘ the Village of Royton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne, of do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos- Horton In-ing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- ^ltl dows. Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Horton, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Die ized by <^»

irwes and

Witchcross, &c. Roads Bill, committed.

bunkeld and Perth Roads Petition, re-posted.

Poole Roads, &c. Petition, reported.

39 Geo. III. 12° A423

mony Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. George Fianjittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue and enlarge the Term granted by Two l'everal Acts, of the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of H is present Majesty, and to enlarge and extend the Powers given by the said Acts, apd by Two former Acts, of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and certain other koads, in, the County of named

and described in the said Acts, was read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir David Carnegie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-reded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend an Act, pafl'ed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the County of Perth, and for amending the Road from Dto Perth, and the Road from Perth towards Mecklour, and for building a Bridge over the River IJla, was read: And,

Mr. James Judd being examined, said, That the Roads therein described have been repaired, and a Bridge has been built over the River IJla; but, to render the Communication complete from the Southward to the( Northward, it will be necessary that the Road or Way from Coupar of Angus to Dunkeld (ho\Ad be made pafiable for Carriages and Horses, and that the Branch of Road leading from the Dunkeld Turnpike Road, to the Boat of Caputh, should be amendjd and repaired, and it would tend much to the Accommodation of the Public if those Roads were put into good Order, and made in a proper Direction.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing the Road from Dunkeld to Coupar of Angus, and t.he Road leading out of the Road between Dunkeld and Perth, to the Boat of Caputh, by or through the Village of Stanley, in the County of Perth: And that Sir David Carnegie and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bankas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effect tually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate, and for repealing Two Acts, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads, and also for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within the said Town and County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that V O JL. 54.

the Committee had examined the Mattel: of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

William Dean, Esquire, being examined, said, That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, a great Part of which still remains due, and cannot be paid oft', unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some further and other Powers are given to the said Trustees, and it is expedient that some additional Tolls should be granted. And the Witness further said, That the present Entrance into the said Town of Poole, at Poole Gate, is in many Respects inconvenient, and it would be a great Accommodation to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of^all Persons retorting thereto, if an Entrance were made at a Place called Mount Rails, and if the said Gate were removed to the said last mentioned Place, or to some other Part of the said Turnpike Road in Long feet, between the said Mount Rails and tire Junction of the Two Roads leading to Ringwood and respectively.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping " in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading " from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole, called " Poole Gate, and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his " late Majesty, relating to the said Roads, and also for " applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, " towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way " within the said Town and County And that Mr. Bankes and Mr. Bond dp prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Campbell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving, all the Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Paddington, otherwise To ding! on, otherwise Tattington, otherwise Paddington, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Downs, Marshes, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Charlton Marshall, in the County of DorJ'et, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegation- of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of an Estate aftefted to the Land Tax at

£. 1. 141. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates alTelled to the Land Tax at £. 9. 11 s. 8 d.who declared themselves neuter;

and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure is fiftefled to the Land Tax at £.79^ 19 7

per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppol'e the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place $

Taddingtorl Divilloa and -Allotment Bill, presented.

Charlton

Marliiall Inclosure r»ii1r reported.

Committee oil

William

Henry

Kickctts's Divorce bill.

The Lords have agreed to

Miga lilt's Nat. Bill.

The Lords-have passed

Berthoud's Nat. Bill.

Bielfcld'sNat.

Bill.

The Lords deli re a Conference.

House agree to a Conference.

Conference held, and reported.

424 12

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrosstd.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Henry Ricketts, Esquire, withN the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Jane Lambart, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Mefl'age from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Gabriel; without any

Amendment: And also.

The I.ords have pafi'ed a Bill, intituled, An Act for , naturalizing Henry Berthoud; to which the Lords desire

the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Diederick Arnold Bielf eld; to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, at Half past Four o'Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the Conference on the 18 th of February last.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

The Time being come for the Conference with the Lords;

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Perceval', Mr. Bur don, Mr. Adams, Sir Wat kin Williams Wynne, Mr. Buxton, and Mr. Sturgis, be added to the said Managers.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Wallace reported, That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the Council; and that the Conference was to acquaint this House, that the Lords, having taken into Consideration the several Resolutions communicated to the Lords by the Commons, at a Conference, on Monday the iSth sot February last, do concur with the Commons in the said Resolutions; and have agreed to an Address to be presented -to His Majesty thereupon; to which Address the Lords desire die Concurrence of this House.

Aprilis.

A.

l199

Bill to extend the Bail to be given in certain Cafes in Scotland, committed.

House resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Committee on Bill to limit the T rading for Slaves.

Ordered, That the said Address be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second reading of the Bill to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Informations, apd, in certain Cafes, to authorize the Detention of Persons in Prison until Trial, in that Part of Great Britain called , be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

"gm'} »«

Tellers for the Nocs, 'ffT"'' } a2'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart took the Chair of the Com1-mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed, him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being slut.

That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Ho»fe.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Further Exchequer Bills Bill, reported.

Order read for Committee of Supply.

Accounts, See. referred; Convictst

tK

Mint.

b>.

V\

Aliens.

Printing Journals, See

Additional Petition to amend Stratford upon Avoit Canal Aa.

39 Geo. III. n® — 15° Apr His. 425

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrt>ffed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence incurred for confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, in the Year 1798, over and above theeftimated Sum of £.33,325. 17J. 3 dgranted by Parliament for that Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1797, over and above the estimated Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expences of His Majesty's Mint, for the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, 13c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions 01 the A«£t, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, in the Year 1798, over and above the estimated Sum of £. 7,000 granted by Parliament for those Services; together with an Eftirhate of the Expences likely to be incurred under the same Heads for the present Session, be referred to the said Committee.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 15 die;

Anno 39° Georgii III'11 Regis, 17991

Praters.

A PETITION of the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, was present ed to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for Leave to bring in a Bill to alter and amend certain Acts, paired in the Thirty-third and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal; and Setting forth. That since the said Application, the Petitioners have caused other Surveys and Levels to be taken, by which it appears that Deviations may be made from such first-proposed Line of Variation and Alteration as herein after Vol. 54.

mentioned, that is to lay, in and from a Close of Land in the Parish of Lapworth, in the County of Warwick, belonging to Thomas Fetherson, Esquire, and in the Occupation of Joseph Payton',through the same Close, and

across a certain Road called the Warwick Road, and through certain other Lands in the said Parish of Lap worth, belonging to George Barclay, Esquire, and the said Thomas Fetherston, in the Occupation of William Smith and Joseph Payton, and across a Lafie, and over certain other Lands, in the same Parish of belonging to the said Thomas Edward Field,

and John Grafton the Elder, in the Occupation of the said Joseph Payton, Edward Field, and John Grafton the Younger, and through and over a certain Common or Waste Lands in the same Parish of Lapworth, called Kingswood Common, and across the said Road called the Warwick Road, through and over a certain other Common or Waste Lands in the said Parish t>f called Harborough Banks, to a Brook in the Manor of Kingswood, in the Parishes of Lapworth and Rowing ton, and over the said Brook, along a certain Lane, called Green Lane, or Sims Lane, in the Manor of Kingswood, and Parish of Rowington aforesaid, there to join and communicate with the Warwick and Birmingham Canal; and also in and from the said Common, called Harborough Banks, over certain Closes of Land, in the said Parish of Lapworth, belonging to Benjamin Hilldick and William Bellamy, in the Occupations of Francis Fetherstone and William Avem, across a Lane called Anfiruther Lane, into a certain Clblj; of Land, in the said Parish of Lapworth, belonging to Benjamin Parnell, Esquire, in the Occupation of Joseph Jenkins, there to join, and communicate with, the Line of Alteration mentioned in the formes Petition, and also another Deviation, in and from a Close of Land, in the Parishes of Preston Bagot and Rowington, or one of them, in the said County of War wick, belonging to the said Thomas Fetherston, and in the Occupation of the Widow Palmer, through a small Part of the same Close, and through certain other Lands, in the said Parish of Pre/lon Bagot, belonging to the said Thomas Fetherston, and in the Occupation of the said Widow Palmer; and from thence over a Road, in the said Parish of Preston Bagot, into and over two Closea of Land, in the said Parish of Preston Bagot, belonging to Sir Edward Smythe, Baronet, and in the Occupation of the Widow Cattle, and over a certain Road, in the said Parish of Preston Bagot, called the Warwick and Henley Road, through certain other Lands, in the said Parish of Preston Bagot, belonging to the said Sir Edward Smythe and William Mills, Esquire, and in the Occupation of the said Widow Cattle and John Moore1, into a certain Close of Land, in the said Parish of Preston Bagot, belonging to the said William Mills, Esquire, and in the Occupation of the said John Moore, there to join, and communicate with, the Canal which the Petitioners are already authorized to make; and that the completing the said Navigation, according to the Deviations aforesaid, will be the most convenient for the Purposes of Navigation, and the same will pass through the Lands of Persons who are all consenting thereto, and lying within Parishes and Places mentioned in the Notices given of the Intention to apply to Parliament for the said Bill; and that, instead of making the Alteration from the original Line, as described in the said first Petition, from a certain Piece of Land, in the Parish of Wootten Wawen, in the said County of Warwick, belonging to Sir Edward Smythe, Baronet, into a Close of Land, in the Parish of Aston Cantloe, in the said County, belonging to the Right honourable the Earl of Abergavenny, there to join and communicate with a certain other Part of the said Canal, which the Petitioners are authorized to make, it is found that it will be more advantageous to the Petitioners, and also to the Public, that a Branch should be made out of the said Canal, from the said Close of Land, in the said Parish of Aston Cantloe, belonging to the said Earl of Abergavenny, in the Occupation of Edward Elkin,

5 Q. through

4 26 150 Apri . 1799.

through and over Part of the said last mentioned Close, and through and over several Closes of Land in the Parish of Bear ley, in the said Cor.it y of Warwick, belonging to the said Sir Edward Smythe, and in the Occupation of John Jordan, unto the Turnpike Road there, called the Birmingham and Stratford Turnpike Road, which said Branch is a Part of one of the Alterations mentioned in the former Petition, and that the Standing Orders of the House, with Regard to the said Branch, have been complied with: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill, prayed for by their said first Petition, for making such further Deviations, and also such Branch as hereinbefore mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford Avon Canal Navigation, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Dunkeld and Sir David Carnegie presented to the House, according Perth Roads to Order, a Bill for making and repairing the Road from Bill, present- Dunkeldto Coupar of Angus, and the Road leading out of the Road between Dunkeld and Perth, to the Boat of Caputh, by or through the Village of Stanley, in the County of Perth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Water Baton Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to incioture Bill, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons pieiented. antj Waste Lands within the Manor of Water Eaton, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Great Staugh- Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report ton and Kim- from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing Wi^reported. Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Brown's , in Great St aught on, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in to the Way

Poll near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which- they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Berthoud' An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. Bill, for naturalizing Henry Berthoud, was read the First Time.

* Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cumfrie and Sir George Douglas reported from the Committee, to Roacu'kiil, whom the Bill for repairing several Roads in the Counties reported. of Dumfries and Roxburgh, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act william Hen-to dissolve the Marriage of William Henry Ricketts, Ef- Div^rce' Bill! quire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Jane paired. Lambart, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Asheton Smith reported from the Committee, to Weyhill Road whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Blll» rePortei1 and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike, Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lydeway, in the County of Wilts, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's-Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; ' *

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Hill presented to the House, according to Order, Coieham a Bill for renewing and enlarging the Term of an Act, chufa se-et-made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present ton,&c.Road Majesty (among other Purposes) for continuing the BjH. present Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewjbttry, to the Market Place in " Church Stretton, and to the Top of Lythwood Hill, and " from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover, and " from Coleham Bridge to Long don, in the County of " Salop," and for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of such last mentioned Act; and the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Further Pit-Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the 1 '1X1 e Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill be added to the Gentlemen, MemW add-who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for e<| to hr';'g'« building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near R^fVnd'C" Cressage, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore, Bridge Bill, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same.

Mr.

BU! presented.

Thornton, See, Incioiure Bill, reported.

Kirkby Ken dal Roads Bill, pulled.

Committee on Report from Committee of Secrecy, deferred.

Bill respecting Offences at Sea, reported.

30 Geo. III. 150 A. 427

Mr. Hill presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near Cressage, in the County of Salop, to the opposite

Shore, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, called Thornton Marfii, within the several Parishes of Poulton and Bifpham, in the County Palatine of casier, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1. 4 s.9 d.who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax at £.1.6s. 7d. \, who declared themselves neu-

ter; and also, except a Proprietor of Land assessed to the Land Tax at 8 s. 1 d. J, who had been applied to, but had not returned any positive Answer; and also, except a Proprietor of Land assessed to the Land Tax at is. 9 d. i,who said he would consider of it; and

also, except the Two Trustees of a Charity Eilat e rated to the Land Tax at 6d.±, one of whom had consented, but the other declared himself neuter; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be divided and inclosed i? assessed to the Land Tax at £.45. 3 j. 9^. i); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of to

Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which, upon the 15th Day of March last, was made from the Committee of Secrecy;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vansittart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Voi. 54,

Law respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas, was committed.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Fofs Road, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, & certain Tract or Piece of Commonable Land, called Leigh Common, situate in or near the Tything of Leigh, in the Parish of Tetminster, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -son, junior, Mr. Bur don, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Kempsford and Dryffield, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buxton, Mr. Wilberforce Bird, &c.: And they are to meet this-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Subscribers, Brewers in the City of Glasgow, and its Environs, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of,

and Village of Gorbals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof; and Setting forth, That the aforesaid Duty, which on Small Beer exceeds the Nett Duties of Excise, is a moll intolerable Grievance, unjust and oppressive in its Principle, and injurious to the Public Revenue and Agriculture of the Country, and to the Community at large; and that the Petitioners are materially interested in the Issue of the present Application, the Profession to which they belong having been (hackled and fettered for upwards of a Century pall with the oppressive local Tax now fought, unknown (except in a few Towns in Scotland) in any Part of Great Britain,

to

Newark, &rc Roads Bill, presented.

Leigh Inclosure Bill, committed *

Kempsford and Dryffield Inclosure Bill, presented *

Great Ellingham Incioiure Bill, committed.

Petition of Brewers, a-gainll Glas-

fow Two ennies Scot! Bill *

428 i 5° Jprilis. A. 1799 *

to the extreme Prejudice of the Manufacture of the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near ex Brewery in Gldfgoxv, and its Environs, which is inton- piring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Eftent with the Spirit of the British Constitution, and of . That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the Rights and Privileges which the Brewers are entitled That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year to enjoy in Common with His Majesty's other Subjects; of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An and that the Purposes for which the specific Grants " Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the have been repeatedly made in Time past, have been " Transportation, imprisonment, and other Punishment, more than defrayed by the Produce of former Imposts, " of certain Offenders," as relates to the Lodgings of so there can. be no well grounded Pretext for the pre- Judges at County Assizes, which was to continue in sent Application, and the Petitioners are willing to pay Force until the iff Day of June 1784, and from thence their rateable Proportion of any general Imposition that to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and may be found expedient for the Support of the Honour which was, by Three Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth, and Prosperity of the City: And therefore praying to Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the of His present Majesty, further continued until the ift said Bill passing into a Law. Day of June 1799, and from thence to the End of the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta- then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and ble, until the said Bill be read a Second Time j and fit to be made perpetual.

that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their' Petition, That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year if they think fit. , of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at " Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the " Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punish-said Petition. " ment, of certain Offenders," as relates to Penitentiary Houses, which was to continue in Force until the Report f-x- Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, appointed ift Day of June 1784, and from thence to the End of pinng Law, so esquire what Public General Laws have expired the then next Session of Parliament, and which was, by within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement Three Acts, made in the Twentyffourth, Twenty-. of the present Session of Parliament; and also, what eighth, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months sub- present Majesty, further continued until the ift Day sequent to the Commencement of the present Session, of June 1799, and from thence to the End of the then or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to thereof, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, be continued.

to the House, with their Opinion which of them are fit , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; and to That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year whom the Report which, upon the iath Day of May of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An 1796, was made from the Committee who were ap- " Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the pointed to inspect and consider all the Temporary Laws " Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of a Public Nature expired, or expiring, was referred; " of certain Offenders," as relates to Transportation and who were instructed to esquire, and report to the beyond the Seas; and also, so much of an Act, made House, what Laws expired, or near expiring, have been in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present revived, continued, or made perpetual, by any Act or Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Trans-Acts of the present Session of Parliament; that the " portation of Felons and other Offenders, and to au-Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come " thorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cafes, to several other Resolutions, which they had directed and for other Purposes therein mentioned," as extends him to report to the House; and he read the Report in to authorize the Removal of Offenders to Temporary his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Places of Confinement, which Acts were amended and Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were continued by Two other Acts, of the Twenty-eighth read, and are as followeth; viz. and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty, until the ift Day of June 1799, and from That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ment, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, " Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Fementioned in the Act, to make Discoy^ry of, and " Ions, and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain " deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors " called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Pri- Benefit," which was to be in Force for Five Years foners in certain Cafes," as authorizes the Removal from the 13th Day of December 1792, and from thence of Offenders to Temporary Places of Confinement, which to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is which was to continue in Force until the ift Day of near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual. June 1787, and from thence to the End, of the then

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, next Session of Parliament, and which was revived and That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year continued, by an Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An His present Majesty, until the ift Day of June 1799, Act to explain and amepd the Laws relating to the and from thence to the End of the then next Session " Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be conof certain Offenders," as relates to the Punishment tinued.

of burning in the Hand when any Person is convicted Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, which was to That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third continue in Force until the ift Day of June 1784, and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- " An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors liament, and which was, by Threfe Acts, made in the " more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Twenty-fourth, Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-fourth Years " called and for making perpetual so

of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His xintil the ift Day of June 1799, and from thence to the a present Majesty's Reign, as relates to Bills and Pro f " miflory

39 Geo. III.

15® Apr

Account, &c. df African Company, pretented.

" miflory Notes," as relates to the Payment of Creditors, and which Was to continue in Force for Seven Years, from the 26th Day of November 1782, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffiort of Parliament, and which was continued and amended by Two Acts, of the Thirtieth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the 17th Day of June 1798, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," which was to be in Force, from the 19th Day of May 1796, for Three whole Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Shoolbred (from the Committee of Merchants trading to at-

tended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1797. — The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expenditure under its proper TitleAnd a!so,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1797. — Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

-Supply, deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Means, defer- Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, upon Reports of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the eries]deferred, whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which, upon the 22d Day of December and the 19th Day of March last, were made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their

Rape Seed,&c. Bill, deferred. ^Expiring

Improvement and Extension.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the PVices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit j

to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Mat *

Vol. 54.

429

jesty,. for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldertnen, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the of Liverpool, County of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled, against Liver was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice w t«r of the Bill for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and altering. Certain Streets,

Passages, and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for supplying the said Town with fresh and wholesome Water, for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, for appointing additional Market Places, and for extending so much of the Powers of an Act, of the Second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Dise tance beyond the Liberties of the said Town, whereby the Common Council, for the Time being, of the said Town, are invested with Powers to make several Improvements therein particularly mentioned, for the Accommodation and Benefit of the Inhabitants, and also to dig for Springs or Fountains, and make Reservoirs, and all other requisite Works for raising, conducting, , and conveying Water into the Town, for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants thereof; and that, by the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Act, the Petitioners are fully enabled to supply the Inhabitants of the said Town with Water, and have actually, feme Time past, purchased a Spring in the said v Town, and have made other Preparations for that Purpose, and also have in Contemplation the perfecting of Contrafts for other Springs within the said Town, which have been offered for this intended Public Supply of the Town; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the Springs at Bootle are inadequate to the Supply of the Town with a sufficient Quantity of Water, and the said Bill would also, if passed into a Law, be in other respects prejudicial to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners, and inconvenient to the Inhabitants of the said Town t And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, and their Counsel, against the said Bill, or that they may have such other Relief in the Pre mises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the' whole House, upon Utin^thT51 " the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last flapping of Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regu- d "

" lating, until the First Day of August One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the shipping and " carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa d'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,

43-°

i6‘

MartiS) 16° die Aprilis;

Anno 390 Georgii III. 1 Regis, 1799 . Prayers.

A BILL for the better and more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford>in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buxton,

Mr. Wilberforce, & c.: And they are to meet this After *

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Aprilis. 1799.

County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde-

way, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike ltoad at Ly deway, in the county of.

Ordered, That Mr. Asheton Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account re. the Petition of several Trustees for the First and Second Account of the Sum wanting to complete the Sum of suMufo'fthe District of Roads, comprized in Two several Acts, one Two Millions, granted out of the Surplus of the Con consolidated passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late solidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1797. ordered *

Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the r *

Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Copper Ex-and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Reading of the Bill to regulate the Importation and deferred0.' Wharf, in the Panih of Stoke,-next Guldeford, through Exportation of Copper;

Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to Alfold Bars, in the Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, upon Thursday Sevennight, the a5th Day of this Instant

in Arundel, in the County of Sussex, was referred; That April. the Committee had examined, and found that the

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike The House was moved. That the Order, made upon OrderofLm Bills, had been complied with} and that the Com- tfuefdaylaft, "That Leave be given to bring in a tndemru-

mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, Bill to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred tyBUt,dtf? and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared " Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, made in the charged, to them to the House > and he read the Report in his " Second Year of the Reign of King James the First,

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's " intituled, An Act concerning. Tanners, Curriers,

Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow- " Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the

eth; viz. " Cutting of Leather, and to repeal so much of the,

I'o prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the " said Act as relates to the felling of Hides of Beasts

said Acts Were read: And, " slaughtered for the Use of His Majesty's Navy,"

Mr. John Napper, Surveyor of the Roads, being might be read., examined, laid, That the Roads, directed to be repaired And the said Order being read accordinply;

By the said Acts, are made Two Districts, and separate Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Trustees are appointed, and Tolls granted, for repairing The House was also moved. That the said Act might and widening the Roads within each District; that the be again read.'

Trustees for each District of the said Roads have bor- And the same being read accordingly; rowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to A"ot^fr Tolls authorized to be collected within ea^h District, indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties 0 er which still remain due, and which, together with the said or Forfeitures under the said Act, and to repeal Parts Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of of the said Act relating to the buying of Hides: And the said Acts; that the Term of the said Acts is near that the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. expiring, and the Money borrowed, and due as afore Douglas, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the said, cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good fame.

Repair, unlel's the Term of the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls inctoafed, and some Amendments The House was moved, That the Order, made upon East India and Alterations made thereto. And the Witness added, Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Goods Bill, That it is proposed to leave out of the Second District, mittee of the whole House, upon Friday next, upon the e e that Part of the Road which extends from the West . Bill for permitting certain Goods imported from the Side of New Bridge, through Hadfolds Hern, Pul- East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the borough, Hardham, Co/dwaltham, and Bury, to Saint Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties Mary's Gate, in Arundel. in lieu thereof, might be read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for And the said Order being read accordingly;

continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Ordered, That the said Order be discharged,

Powers ol Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, night, resolve itself into the said Committee, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present -

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke, further Consideration the Report which was made from next- Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Andrews Cross, the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the bolton Road and to Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in Bjjlj.further thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in Arundel, in the County the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-of Sussex: And that Mr. Onslow and General Norton do jesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth prepare, and bring in, the lame. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

the Roads from the North End of Brown's Lane, in An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the ing and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in Way Poll meet Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of the Second and Twenty-ftcond Years of the Reign of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to the His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Way Poll near Bridge, in the said County of

Road from the Turnpike Road at Weyhill, in the Huntingdon, was committed, be now read.

3 And

.2

Geo. III.

1(5° dprilis.

45 *

Tanners, &c. Indemnity Bill, presented.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for in-Testing Purchase Money in Land, to be settled to the same Uses.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Hawke/btiry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying

u

" came here for the Bprpose of misrepresenting what " he said j he was a perjured Man, and he would have " Revenge of him as loon as he was out; he would " spit in his Face, and kick him about; the Legislature " should not shield him, for he would ever call him a " Scoundrel, a Villain, and a perjured Rascal, wherever " he met him; he had injured his Reputation, and he " be damned but he would be revenged on him where- " ever he met him. He further said. That a Man telling " the House of Commons a Falsehood, he conceived to " be, though not upon Oatfi, a Perjury; that he was " a Rascal, infamous Libeller, and Villain, and that " Mr. and Matthews had entered into a.

" Conspiracy against him, and came there for the " Purpose of taking the Advantage of his Words."

And Your Committee having examined the said Thomas , were informed by him, That he made

the said Entry as Clerk to the Governor of the said the Cutting of Leather," and to repeal Parts of the Prison, immediately after the said Conversation, which the

took place in his Presence, and which Your Committee think it their Duty to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon ^he Table.

Committee on Report from Committee of Secrecy, deferred.

said Acts relating to the buying of Hides: And same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Pepys ? to relhlve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mr. Speaker,

to consider of the Report which, upon the 15th Day The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act Bromsgrove of March last, was made from the Committee of Secrecy, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and c 0 ure *

The Lords have agreed to

fcoor Relief Bill, ordered.

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

- Resolved, That this House Will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and " Employment of the Poor, ' might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amead the said Act, for the Purpose of enabling United Parishes to hire Farms for the further Support and better Employment of the Poor: And

(Ted. 's Nat.

Waste Lands within the Manor of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords naturalizing Henry Von dem Bufck to which the Lords ' desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Catharine Naffiau; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Mitchell the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wnt the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-.

have Bufcf Bill.

Nassau'» Nat. Bill.

that Sir Godfrey IVbfler, the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Simeon, liament, for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County

Mr. Sargent, and Mr. Buxton, do prepare, aind bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of His Majesty's Prison in Cold Bath Fields, Clerkenwell, and to report the fame, as it shall TimetoTime. appear to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, have Powys' to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Committee ofe

Cold Bath Fields Prison, to report from

of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Hawkins,

Baronet, w'ho, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize

Oversee rs Assistant Bill, deferred.

Special Report from D° Committee.

Mr. William Drndas reported from tKe feid Commit- the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of

tee. That the Committee had directed him to make a Special Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

Your Committee having, in the Course of their

the Poor, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Proceedings, thought it proper to adjourn to the said to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, demotion of Prison, in pursuance of the Power vested in them; and upon the Bill to amend so much of Three Acts, made in {J^ it having appeared to them in Evidence, that a Journal the last and present Sessions of Parliament, for making defmed.n is kept of the Circurnstances which occur Daily in the perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the Prison: Your Committee thought proper to inspect several Sums of Money charged as a Land Tax, as

"..... ‘ ..... relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursJay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

the said Book, which was kept by ‘Thomas Nicholson, in which the following Entry appears to havb been made on the z 1 ft Day of March \ 799.

" Thursday, March 21 ft, 1799.

" This Day the Governor sent for Edward Marcus Dcfpard into the Office, to explain respecting a Mistake of asking him where a Gentleman of the Name of IViIf on lived, instead of Jackson. He then declared, in the Conversation, several Times, that Mr. Burdon was a Villain, that he, and Matthews Vol. 54.

Committee on Rape Seed,

&c. Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue' several Laws relating to the fEx -ri| allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds Laws.) used~ for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling

o

Bill respect-Ing Offences at Sea, de« ierrcd.

Committee on je-committed Bill lor reducing the Number of Militia Men *

Motion for an Instruction. Neg.

O/der for Committee on Bill for regulating the rShipping of Slaves, icad.

432

dling 'British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit;

to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for remedying certain DefeCVs in the Law respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men to be raised, and to serve, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for impowering Parishes to provide Substitutes for Militia Men having more than Three Children chargeable to such Parishes;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, passed in the " last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide " for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to lerve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes " serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act " of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending

and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws " relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain " called England; and also, an Act, made in this present " Session of Parliament, intituled,' An Act for augmenting the Militia," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That it be an In-strudion to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for impowering Parishes to provide Substitutes for Militia Men having more than Three Children chargeable to such Parishes;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive tire fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rel'olvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An A&,

Aprilis. A. 1799.

" for regulating, until the First £)ay of August One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the " Coast of Africa," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for continuing the said Act.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Merchants and others, residing at Liverpool, concerned in the African Slave Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, if the same should pass into a Law, it will entirely ruin the Trade; and that the Petitioners feel this the more severely, as it neither has been stated, nor can be proved, either by the Official Returns now before the House, or otherwise, that any Evil or Inconvenience whatever is experienced by the Negroes from their present Mode of Transportation, but, on the contrary, the latest Returns of Arrivals in the West Indies fully demonstrate that no beneficial Alteration can be mado in the present Mode of carrying the m; and that, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Height between Decks was fixed at Four Feet One Inch, conformable to which many Merchants have caul'ed their Vessels to be altered at a very great Expence; and that, as several Ships so altered, and all that Class of Vessels in which Slaves are carried in the most perfect Health, and which it has been the uniform Rule of the Legislature to encourage, will be utterly excluded from the British carrying Trade, as the Reduction of the Number of Slaves to be carried in the large Ships, will render it impossible to continue them in the Trade with any probable Prospect of Advantage, and moreover, as the Vessels, which will be so excluded from this Trade, are so construded as not to be fit for any other, an enormoiis Loss will consequently be incurred by the Owners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agent, against the said Bill, at the Bar of the House, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Resolved, That this House will-, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Vessels that have cleared from the Ports of Liverpool, Bristol, and London, for the Coast of Africa, with the Number of Slaves taken on board, as far as the same can be made up from the Returns made by the respective Custom House Officers in the West Indies, and, where such Returns are not received, from such Journals as may have been delivered into the Custom House, Lond'm, since the 5th of January 1797.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Friday last, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,

Instruction *

Petition of Merchants of Liverpool, against D» Bill.

Committee,

deferred.

Account of Vessels cleared from Liverpool, See. for Africa, ordered.

Bill to limit the Trading for Slaves, de ferred.

39 Geo. III.

Bufch's Nat. Bill, read.

Nassau's Nat. Bill, read.

Gosport Bridge Bill, committed.

8k ip ton and Clitheroe Road Petition, feported.

Mercuriiy 170 Aprilis\

Anno 39' Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1799;

t

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Pill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry dem was read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Catharine N was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enabling Robert Esquire, to demand

and take Toll for the Passage over a Bridge by him erected across a certain Lake, called , or Hajlar Lake, between the Town of Gosport, in the County of

Southampton, and the Royal Naval Hospital at in the said County, tvas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Chute, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing the Road from Skipton, in the County of York, to Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster, and Creditors upon the Tolls arising upon the said Road rel'peftively, was referred ;That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge, in Walton, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Gijburne and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the said County of; and also

an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of the -laid first-mentioned Act, as relates to the Roads from Otley to Skipton, from Skipton to Colne, and from Skipton to Clitheroe, were read: And,

Mr. William Yindal, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act , so far as they relate to or concern the District or Division of the said Roads from Skipton to Clitheroe aforesaid, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Security of the Tolls arising upon the said Road within the said District, which have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts, of which the Sum of £.3,010 is now due; that the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road within the said District be rendered sufficiently commodious, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, the Tolls thereby granted increased within the said District, and the Powers of the said Acts, so far as re lates to the said District, be altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for. continuing the Term, and, altering, enlarging, and con Vpt. 54.

solidating the Powers of Two Acts, tnade in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from Skipton, in the County of York, to Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster: And that Mr. Hfnry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce dp prepart; and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improv; ing, all the Common Fields, Commons, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Yeddingtootherwise Todington, otherwise Tettington, otherwise Tuddington, in the "County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Campbell, Lord Viscount Relgrave, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Diederick Arnold Bielfeld, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, called Thornton within the several Parishes of Boulton and Bifpham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marsh Grounds, called Thornton Marsh, within the several Parishes of Boulton and Bifpham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for remedying certain Defects in the Law respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for remedying certain' Defects in the Law respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas.

Ordered, That Sir William Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the President and Members of the Board of Agriculture, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of sundry -Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Subscribefs to an Institution, called The Veterinary College, be. referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Grants made by Parliament, in Aid of The Veterinary College, during the Years 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of The Veterinary College, for the Year ending 4th February 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Debts of The

Veterinary College, 4th February 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

S S Mr,

Teddington Division and Allotment Bill, committed.

Bielfeld'sNat. Bill, read.

Thornton

&c c. inclosurt BUI, passed *

Bill respecting Offences at Sea, passed *

Committee of Supply.

Petition , See,

referred.

Board of

Agriculture

Veterinary

College.

O' *

D°#

434

170 Aprilis.

A. 1799.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Arden also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr Pembroke (from re-

tire Exchequer) attended at the Door; he was called surpl'uf of the in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Consolidated to their Older, S«£d'.797 *

An Account of the Sum wanting to complete the Sum of Two Millions, granted out of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1797.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read *

The said Account is as followeth; viz *

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum wanting to complete the Sum of Two Millions, granted out of the Surplus , of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1797.

Six Hundred and Two Thousand One Hundred Ninety-two Pounds Twelve Shillings

and Eleven Pence Halfpenny.

Exchequer, the 17th Day of April 1799.

James.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to conGder further of Ways and Means for raiGng the Supply granted to His Majesty.

»wSeed, fce. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving BilVdeferred, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Law !)" to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ftfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee of

Way and Mean.

Account of Surplus of Consolidated Fund, re-rx d.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder further of Ways and Means for raiGng the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolutionwhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Long also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder further of Ways and Means for raiGng the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon ConGderation Friday last, for taking into ConGderation, Tomorrow, of the Address of the Lords to His Majesty, communi- ®re",de entd cated upon Friday last, at the Conference, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Address be taken into ConG-deration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven- Agreement night, the 30th Day of this Instant April, resolve it tob/ " fen into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder confident!, of the Agreement made between the Lords Commis-Goners of His Majesty's Treasury and John Palmer,

Esquire, relative to his Appointment to be Comptroller General of the Post" Office; and also, of his Conduct in that Employment.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 13th Day Report!® of July 1797, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to conGder of the Agreement made with Mr. Palmer, for the Reform and Improvement of the Post Office, and its Revenue, and who were empowered to enquire into the Causes of his SuspenGon from the Office of Comptroller General of the Post Office; and who were instructed to report to the House the Evidence received by them, respecting the several Matters referred to their ConGderation, be referred to the said Committee,

The

Bill to extend the Time for receiving Returns of Income, order cd.

Great Staugh-ton and Kim-bolton Roads Bill, passed.

Order read for Second Reading of Liverpool Water

m

Petitions in favour *

Petition of Merchants of Liverpool, sgaimlL

3 o Geo. IIL i7° Aprtlts 435

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this present Sefliion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the " last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and " Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and " to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in " lieu of the said Duties," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for extending the Time for returning Statements " under an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties im-" posed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for " the Prosecution of the War, and to make more ef-" feftual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting " certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Du-" ties, and to amend the said Act," might be read.

And the same be'yig read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed under the Authority of the said Acts, to extend' the Time limited, by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, Mr. , and Mr. Bragge,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossfed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Brown's Lane, in Great ton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in , to the Way

Poll near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Brozvn's Lane, in Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in , to the

Way Poll near Brington Bridge^ in the said County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster',

A Petition of the Merchants and Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Trustees and Directors of The Phoenix Fire Office *

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill, and praying that the same may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Merchants, Tradesmen, and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill and Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

Vo 1. 54.

opening, making, widening, and altering, certain Streets, Passages, and Places, Within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancafte, for supplying the said Town with fresh and wholesome Water, for removing and preventing Nqifances and Annoyances therein, for appointing additional Market Places, and for extend ing so much of the Powers of an Act, of the Second Year of His present Majesty as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town; and that the Common Council of the said Town, who are by the said Act authorized so to do have made great Progress in executing the Improvements thereby directed in a Manner very beneficial and advantageous to the Inhabitants, and have also been engaged in the Performance of divers other great Works for the good of the said Town; and that, from the Magnitude of the said Works, and the great Sums of Money fe-

2uired for the Execution thereof, the said Common Council have not yet been able to carry into Effect the Powers given by the said Act for supplying the Town with Water, but the Petitioners are informed that they have purchased a Spring of Water, have declined Offers from other Persons for supplying the Town, and that they will, without Delay, take all proper Steps for carrying the same into Effect and that the said Common Council have executed the several other Purposes of the said Act, and have also made many other Works for the Accommodation and Advantage of the said Town, in a Manner so highly creditable to them selves, and beneficial to the Inhabitants, that the Petitioners are convinced the said Town will be supplied with Water, under their Controul and Management, much better, and more advantageously to the Inhabitants, than could be done by the Individuals pro posed to be incorporated by the said Bill for that Purpose, as their chief Object can only be private Emolument, whereas that of the said Common Council could only be the Accommodation and Advantage of the Inhabitants: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordeted to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the Counsel be now called in *

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And the House being informed that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon Monday last, praying to be heard, by themselves and their Counsel, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heaid in this Stage of the Bill *

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Burdon, See. i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which, upon the 22d Day of December and the 19th Day of March last, were made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the moll effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock *

Jovis,

Bill committed *

Committee on Reports of Herring Fisheries, deferred.

Charlton Marshall Inclosure Bill, parted.

Taunton Roads Petition, reported.

43

18° A prills.

A.

1799.

Jovis, l8° die

Anno 390 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1.7 99

Rk

A V E R.S.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Downs, Marthes, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Charlton in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 13. At the End of the Line to add,

" Francis , or his Heirs, and " the said."

Pr. 28. 1. ult. After " Tenants," to insert " in Fee " Simple or;" and after " Life," to inlcrt " or in Fee Tail."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Downs, Marshes, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Charlton Marshall, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees, for repairing several Roads in the County of thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of (he Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, all in the county of,

was read: And,

Mr. IViHiam Kinglake, being examined, said, That the Road from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of to

Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcoti, in the said County, cannot be efloftually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and, as the same Road lies contiguous to, and communicates with the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, or l'ome of them, it would be a Public Convenience if the Provi-ftons of the said Act were extended to the said Road, subject to certain Regulations and Restrictions; and that it is expedient that some other of the Provisions of the said Act should be altered or repealed, and some further Tolls, Powers, and Authorities should be granted, for the better carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, enlarging, and repealing, some of the Provisions in an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the County of Somerset; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act, to a Road from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the same County, and for making, and keeping in Repair, the same Road: And z.

that Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Morland, and Mr. Dickinson,

Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing several Roads in the Dumfries and Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, was read the R^dsftu, Third Time. passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, to continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir George Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Dutidas reported from the Committee, to Petition t» whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, ^arbouljva, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, reported. and on Behalf of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. r

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making a new Bal'on, Quays,

Wharfs, or Docks, for building Warehouses, for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour, was read; by which it appears. That Power was given to the Petitioners to levy and collect the several Rates and Duties therein mentioned, on all Ships and Vessels brought into, or using the said Bason and Dock to be made at the Port of Leith, His Majesty's Ships of War and Yachts only excepted; and Power was also given to borrow a Sum of Money not exceeding Thirty Thousand Pounds: And,

Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, laid.

That the Petitioners have, at a considerable Expence, opened a new Street to the Harbour, repaired the Quays, and erected a Draw Bridge across the Harbour, between South and North Leith, instead of an old Bridge now taken away, and have deepened the Harbour, and rebuilt a great Part of the Quay: — That, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to amend the aforesaid Act, the Petitioners were authorized, so soon as the Wet Dock should be completed, to levy certain Rates and Duties therein mentioned; and Power was also given to borrow any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Thousand Pounds: — That the Petitioners have employed an Engineer »to fix upon the most proper Place for making the said Wet Dock and Bason, who has surveyed the whole Grounds, bored for Foundations, and made out a Plan and Estimate of the Ex-

gence far exceeding the aforesaid Forty Thousand 'ounds; and that, by the Plan thought most commodious, it will be necessary to purchase certain Lands and Houses, and to obtain Power for so doing: Then,

Mr. John Gray, being examined, said. That it will be necessary to vary the Rates and Duties made payable by the last mentioned Act, and the Commencement of Payment and Application thereof; and also to authorize the Petitioners to'borrow a further Sum of Money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of:

And that Mr. William Dundas and the Lord Advocate of Scotland de prepare, and bring in, the tame.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to enquire Committeeoa into the State of His Majesty's Prison in Cold Bath f°e\dfprison, Fields, Clerkenwell, be revived. revived.

- A Message

The Lf>r<ls have agreed to

EnHeld, Hertv ford, and Ware Roads Bill.

Hertford and Watt oh, &c. Roads Bill.

'Volunteer Corps, &c.Et-emption Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed March ioness of Annan-dale's Estate BilL

Marquis of AberconTs Divorce BilL

Mttquhof

Abencom Divorce Bill,

59 Geo. till

78'

.A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speakerj.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several; Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years

of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of to the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping xn Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Waiton to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through '

Watton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for exempting, during the present War, Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations, from being ballotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for yelling certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of giehall, lying in the County of and com-

prized in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sophia Marchioness of Annandale with Consent of William Marquis of Annandale her Hu (band, upon the Thirty-first July One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, and also for veiling certain Parts and Parcels of the Lands and Barony of Leny, lying in the County of Edinburgh, and comprized in a Dilpqfition and, Deed of Entail-thereof, dated the Third November One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, granted by Sir Ro bert Myrton, of Gogar, Baronet, with Consent therein mentioned, in Trustees, in, Trull to sell or exchange the fame, and invest the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase or Exchange of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the fame- Series of Heirs, and tinder the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deeds of Entail; and for vesting in William Hope Weir, Esquire, of and Black-

wood, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, certain other Parts of the said Lands, Baronies, and others; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Andalfo,_____ . —

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to diflfolve the Marriage of the Moll honourable John James Marquis of Abercorn, with the Mofl honourable Cecil Hamilton, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Moll honourable John James Marquis of Abercorn with the Moll honourable Cecil Hamilton, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Jiefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

V o t. 54.

; - 437

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mfcrciiiontfs for veiling certain Parts of the Lands and Barony cl Craigiehall, lying in the County of Linlithgow, and coni- BUI, read! prized in the Deed of Entail executed by the dcccafed Sophia Marchioness of Annandale, with Consent of William Marquis of Annandale, her Husband, upon the Thirty-first July One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, and also for veiling certain Parts and Parcels of the Lands and Barony of Leny, lying in the County of Edinburgh, and comprized in a Disposition and Deed of Entail thereof, dated the Third November One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, granted by Sir Robert Myrton, of Gogar, Baronet, with Consent therein mentioned, in Trustees, in Trull to sell or exchange the fame, and invest the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase or Exchange of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deeds of Entail; and for vesting in liam Hope Weir, Esquire, of Craigiehall and Blackwood, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, certain other Parts of the said Lands, Baronies, and others, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Arden, according to Order, reported from R-nort Sup the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy-three Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence incurred for printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, in the Year 1798, over and above the estimated Sum granted by Parliament for those Services.

Resolved, That it js the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Thousand Pounds, be '

granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been, or shall be, printed by Order of the said House, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Alien.

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Eight Hundred and Nineteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions of the Act, pals- . ed in the last Session of, Parliament, for the Year

1799- ‘ 1 \ . ' .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, M,nt *

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five Thousand Three Hundred and Seven Pounds Six Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for discharging the Balance due on Account of the Expences of His Majesty's Mint, for the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Prosecution That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred Eighty- coiu. gt°th four Pounds ' Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, - be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1797,' over and above the Estimated Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this. Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One ThOufand Six Hundred and Seven ‘ Pounds Nine Shillings and Four

5 T Pence,

Convicts.

D.

Board of Agriculture.

Veterinary

College.

St. Margaret's Church.

Report Ways and Means.

Surplus of

Consolidated

Fund.

Rape Seed, fcc. Bill, reported. (Expiring Laws.)

J

438 i8° — 190 Aprilis. A. 1799.

Pence, be granted to Mis Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prol'ecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 179^ *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred and Seventy-one Pounds and Seven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence incurred for confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, in the Year 1798, over and above the estimated Sum granted by Parliament for that Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five Thousand Nine Hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the Service of the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in SuppQrt of an Institution called The Veterinary lege, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty-one Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for repairing the Parish Church of Saint,

V/eJlminfer.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole- House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!? viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Five Hundred and Twenty-one Thousand Eight Hundred and Ninety Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny, being Part of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th Day of April 1799.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for ex-t rafting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time, was committed.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then -a, Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-xpofl, were agreed to by the House. 1

6 .

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Value of Rape Seed.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, so much of Three Acts, made in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several Sums of Money charged as a Land Tax, as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair:

Mr. JVilftam Dundastook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men to be raised, and to serve, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called ,was re-committed j

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of , within certain Limits, was committed, be now read-

And the said Order being read accordingly }

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed^ That the said Report be now taken inter further Consideration.

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 190 die Aprilis;

Anno 39 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1799 ,

Praters.

SIR John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, and also another Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with, in respect to the first-mentioned Petition; and also as to so much of

th<

Committee qt Kill respecting the Redemption of the Land Tax in Scotland.

Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men, deferred.

Proceeding on Bill to limit the Trad# ing for Slavcft

Petitions U> arftond ford tipon Avon CaaaL A&, rcpom&

Jo 6eo. IIL t()6 Apr439

the second-mentioned Petition as delates to the Branch therein described, as being proposed to be made out of the said Canal; but that the Standing Orders of the House had not been complied with in respect to the Deviations mentioned in the said Petition, the said Deviations not being intended to go through any other Parishes than those mentioned in the Notices given of the Application to Parliament for the Bill prayed for by the said first-mentioned Petition, and that all the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands through which the said Deviations are proposed to go are consenting the reto} and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petitions An Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Worcesterand Birmingham Canal Navigation, in the

* Parish of King's Norton, into the Borough of Stratford

0 upon Avon s and also certain Collateral Cuts from the laid intended Canal," was read: And, An Act pafi'ed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making a , Navigable Cut from the Stratford upon Avon Canal, " in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and " Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of King [wood, in the County of Warwickfv/zsoXo read: And,

Mr. Samuel Porter, being examined, said. That it ap-

fears, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, that certain 'arts of the Canal and Cut which the Petitioners are authorized to make, may be varied and altered in Manner herein after mentioned s that is to say, in and from a Close of Land in the Parish of in the County of Warwick, belonging to the Trustees for the Poor of Lapworth, now in the Occupation of Joseph at or

near a Lane called Coppice Lane, through certain other Lands in the said Parish of Lapworth, in and to a Close of Land belonging to Thomas Esquire, in the said Parish of Lapworth, and now in the Occupation of Joseph Payton-, and from and over a Close of Land belonging to Benjamin Parnell, Esquire, in the Occupation of Joseph Jenkins, through several other Closes of Land in the Parishes of Rowington, Lapworth, and Claverdon, in

and to a Close of Land in the Parishes of Preston Bagot and Rowington, or one of them, in the said County of Warwick, belonging to the said Thomas , now in

the Occupation of Widow . And being further

(examined, he laid. That the Canal and Cut so altered and varied, will be executed with much less Expence, and in a more convenient and advantageous Manner for the Public, than the Canal and Cut authorized to be made under the said recited Aifts; and that a considerable Part of the said Canal and Works has been completed, but in order to finish the fame, it is necessary that further Powers should be obtained for that Purpose.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition; the above Two recited A its were read: And,

Mr. Samuel Porter, being examined, said, That since the first-mentioned Petition has been presented to the House, the Petitioners have caused other Surveys and Levels to be taken, by which it appears that Deviations may be made, from such first proposed Line of Variation and Alteration, as herein after mentioned; that is to lay, in and from a Close of Land in the Parish of Lap-worth, in the County of Warwick, belonging to Thomas Featherson, Esquire, and in the Occupation of Joseph Payton, through the same Close, and acrossa certain Road called The Warwick Road, and through certain other Lands in the said Parish of Lapworth, belonging to George Barclay, Esquire, and the said Thomas Featherson, Vox. S4»

in the Occupation of William Smith and Joseph Payton, and acrose a Lane, and over certain other Lands in the same Parish of Lapworth, belonging to the said Thomas Featherson., Edward Field, and John Grafton the Elder, in the Occupation of the said Joseph Payton, Edward Field, and John Grafton the Younger, and through and over a certain Common or Waste Land in the same Parish of Lapworth, called Kingswood Common, and across the said Road called The Warwick Road, through and over a certain other Common or Waste Lands in the said Parish of Lapworth, called Banks, to a

Brook in the Manor of Kingswood, in the Pari (lies of Lapworth and Rowington, and over the said Brook, along a certain Lane, called Green Lane, or Sims Lane, in the Manor of Kingswood, and Parish of Rowington aforesaid, there to join and communicate with the Warwick and Birmingham Canal; and also in and from the said Common called Harborough Batiks, over certain Closes of Land in the said Parish of Lapworth, belonging to Benjamin Hilldick and William Bellamy, in the Occupation^ of Francis Featherf one and William Avern, across

ther Lane, into a certain Close of Land in the said Parish of Lapworth, belonging to Benjamin Parnell, Esquire, in the Occupation of Joseph Jenkins, there to join, and communicate with, the Line of Alteration mentioned in the former Petition; and also another Deviation, in and from a Close of Land in the Parishes of Prefon Bagot and Rowington, or one of them, in the said County of Warwick, belonging to the said Thomas , and

in the Occupation of the Widow; and from

thence over a Road in the said Parish of Prefon Bagot, into and over Two Closes of Land, in the said Parish of Prefon Bagot, belonging to Sir Edward Smythe, Baronet, and in the Occupation of the Widow , and over a certain Road in the said Parish of Prefon called The Warwick and Henley Road, through certain other Lands in the said Parish of Prefon Bagot, belonging to the said Sir Edward Smythe, and William Mills, Esquire, and in the Occupation of the said Widow Cattle and John Moore, into a certain Close of Land in the said Parish of Prefon Bagot, belonging to the said William Mills, Esquire, and in the Occupation of the said John x Moore, there to join and communicate with the Canal which the Petitioners are already authorized to make:

That the compl.‘.:~g ..he said Navigation, according to the Deviations aforesaid, will be the most convenient for the Purposes of Navigation. And the Witness being further examined, said, That instead of making the Alteration from the original Line, as described in the former Petition, from a certain Piece of Land in the Parish of Wootten Wawen, in the said County of Warwick, belonging to Sir Edward Smythe, Baronet, into a Close of Land, in the Parish of Afon Cantloe, in the said County, belonging to the Earl of Abergavenny, there to join, and communicate with, a certain other Part of the said Canal which the Petitioners are authorized to make, it is found that it will be more advantageous-to the Public, that a Branch should be made out of the" said Canal, from the said Close of Land in Afon Cantloe, belonging to the said Earl of Abergavenny, in the Occupation ot Edward Elkin, through and over Part of the said last mentioned Close, and through and over feverafc Closes of Land in the Parish of Bear ley, in the said County of Warwick, belonging to the said Sir Edward Smythe, and in the Occupation of John Jordan, unto the Turnpike Road there, called The Birmingham and Stratford Turnpike Road.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Water Eaton Waste Lands within the Manor of Water Eaton, in the County of Stafford was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message

44°

9

A. 1799;

The Lords Imvc agreed to

Turther Exchequer Bills Bill.

Bill to amend Game Laws.

The Lords have parted

Stanton's Divorce Bill.

D° Bill read.

Berthoud's Nat. Bill, committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pep}'s':,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine'; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act' for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which limit the Time for killing Partridges in England and Scotland, and for amending lo much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to such Limitation within that Part of Great Britain called England, by making other Provisions for that PurpOle; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Stanton with Sarah fVright his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Berthoud, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir William Young, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Nuffield, Mr. George Var.Jittart reported from the Committee,

Wallingford, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of don Road 8 Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign Bill, reported, of his late Majesty King the Second, and in the

Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, was committed; that the Committee had examiner! the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

inprofl'ed.

O

Kmmsford A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Dry (field and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common committed!^1' ^atiures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Kemp ford and Dnffield, in the County of Gloucester, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George V'anjittart, Mr. Milford,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. -

Stanhope DI- Mr. Burden presented to the House, according to vision and A1- Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and otherwise' im-prti'cmtd.1 ' proving, the Stinted Moors, Stinted Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Pierrefontpresented to the HouCe, according to

Order, a Bill to divide, allot, inclose, and improve, the patented! several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Tuxford, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Newark, ate. larging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth ' Emitted Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near-the Guide Post on the Fcfs Road, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pout, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneitx, Gentleman Usher Rayai Alien of the Black Rod: ' "tobills.

Mr. Speaker, , .

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire' of the Lords, authorized by v'frtue of His Majesty's-Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highhefs the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Can terbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great,

and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Billsand that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Kerr, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; which" Bills are as followeth; viz. " '

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loan! or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year- One thousand Seven hunched and Ninety-nine. '< ! -

An Act for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which ljmit the Time for killing Partridges in England and Scotland, and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to such Limitation within that Plrt -of Great Britain cailed England, by making other Provisions -for that Purpose. '

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford,

through Watton, to Broadwater, and from the Town of

Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Town

of Walkern, in the said County.

An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts. passed in the Eleventh Year of /

the

39 Geo. III. 19°

441

the Reign of King George the First, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amzvell End, near Ware, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Bromf-grove, in the County of fVoreefier.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry

Ricketts, Esquire, with the Right honourable Lady Elizabeth Jane Lambart, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for naturalizing John Gabriel Miganlt.

An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Humbert.

An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Rigaud.

An Act for naturalizing Francis Henry

Bill to prevent The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

tion TcT Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, liers in Scot- intituled, "An Act for altering, explaining, and amend-laod, ordered. ;ng? several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respect-

ing Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Combinations among Colliers, and other Persons employed in the Collieries, and to regulate their Wages and Services, and the Conduct of Coal Owners and Leffecs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters: And that Mr. William Dundas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Sir John Callandar, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report of Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee

Cold^B-uh °n appointed to enquire into the State of His Majesty's Fields rriibn. Prison in Cold Bath Fields, and to report the

lame, as it should appear to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, and who were empowered to report their Proceedings from Time to Time; that the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine into the several Matters referred to their Consideration; and in the Investigation of this Subject, have directed their Enquiry to the general State of the said Prison, and the Plan which has been adopted for its Regulation and Management.

It appears to Your Committee, not only from the Evidence adduced to them, but also from their personal Observation, that the Prison, is erected on a high and dry Situation; that it is kept perfectly clean; that the Cells for solitary Confinement are dry and airy.

It also appears, from the Evidence laid before Your Committee, that the Health of the Prisoners has been generally good, and that when, from Two hundred and Fifty to Three hundred Prisoners were in the Prison, there were not more than Four or Five Sick in the Hospital at any one Time; that the Provisions are sufficient, good, and wholesome, and that no Complaints at any Time have been made to the Magistrates respecting the m.

Your Committee have, however, to remark, that the printed Regulations for the Management of the Prison, have not been hung up in a conspicuous Part of the Prison, as is required by the Statutes relating thereto; and that the Journals of the Prison, as directed by the Regulations, have not been fully and regularly kept.

Vol. 54.

Your Committee have, besides, directed their Atten- Report on tion to the Petition of Edward Marcus which p,j^'u

states, That he had been confined a dole Prisoner, under a Warrant from the Duke of Portland, since the 22d of J

April till the 25th of November last; that he was confined in a damp Cell about Seven Feet Square, with no Article of Furniture, except a Bed laid on some Oaken Planks fastened to the Wall, and that, during the First Six Weeks of his Confinement, he had no Allowance but Bread and Water.

It appears in Evidence to Your Committee, That the Circumstances of the Time, and the Public Safety, rendered it indispensably necessary that Edward Marcus Defpard should be kept, at the Time of his Commitment, inclose and separate Confinement; that the Cell in which he was (b confirted was not damp as stated in his Petition; that he was removed, on the 25th of November, into a Room with a Fire in it, and glazed Windows; that although, for the First Six Weeks of his Confinement, he had only the Prison Allowance for Persons committed for Re-examination, yet that during the Whole of that Period he was supplied with Provisions sent in by his Friends, or procured for him at a reasonable Rate in the Prison. It is also alledged in the Petition, that his Health was materially injured; but that certainly does not appear from the Evidence before Your Committee, for he has never applied for medical Assistance; and his only Disorders seem to have been, after the fullest Examination on this Head, a Return of Rheumatism contracted Abroad, and occasionally Chilblains on his Feet. It is Rated in the Petition, that he was not allowed to walk in the Garden; but it appears that he had Permission to walk in a Court; and that, after the First Two Months of his Confinement, he was permitted to walk a Part of the Day uninterruptedly with his Wife in an open Part of the Prison, adjoining to and communicating with the Garden, and distinct from the Court of his Cell.

Your Committee do not think themselves called upoA to state a Variety of other Circumstances which have come under their Consideration; but they are anxious to refer the House to the Evidence in the Appendix, td prove how much it has been their With and Endeavour to fulfil the Objects of their Appointment; that they have examined the Persons mentioned by Edward Marcus Defpard in his Petition, as to the Facts alledged in it; and that they have themselves visited the Prison, and have found every Part of it in the highest Degree of '

Order, clean and dry, the Prisoners healthy, and their Food good and wholesome.

Your Committee have also to remark, that from the very laudable Vigilance and Attention of the Visiting Magistrates, it is extremely improbable that any Impropriety of Conduct, or unnecessary Severity in the Gaoler, could long have escaped their Notice.

Your Committee have peculiar Satisfaction in being able to state to the House the Result of their Enquiries, as a full and direct Refutation of the unfounded Statements, and absurd and wicked Reports, which have been industriously circulated, with respect to the Prison and its internal Management: And upon the Whole,

Your Committee have come to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Prison in Cold Bath Fields is erected in a dry and airy Situation, and is well adapted for the Purposes of its Institution as a House of Correction, as w^ll as for those of close and separate Confinement and fafo Custody.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Parts of the Prison are kept perfectly clean, and that the Health of the Prisoners has been remarkably good.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Attention of the Magistrates, to the general Management of the Prison, has been exemplaiy and meritorious.

5 U APPENDIX.

APPENDIX.

442

190 Apr ills. 1 799-

Report on Cold Bath Fields Prison continued.

\_______ -/

CONTENTS of the APPENDIX.

No. 1. Examinations taken before the Committee, of

Mr. Arts - - March iz - Page 442

Dr. GlaJJe - - March 13 - - 444

Mr. Buckley.

Mr. Collins - - 445

Dr. Glajfe - m — - - ibid\

- - D" - - - March 14 - - ibid.

Mr. Collins - - - 447

Dr, GlaJJt - - March 15 - . ibid.

Mr. Aris - - March 18 - - 448

Mr. Nicholson - - - 450

Mr. Aris - March 19 - ibid.

The Hon. Valentine Law left - March 20 - 45a

Mr. Reeves - - 453

Mr. Jack/on - - March 21 - - 454

Mr. Wickham - - . „ ibid *

M r. Jackson - - - 455

Mr. Ford - April 2. - - - ibid.

Mrs. Defpard - - — - . - - 457

Lord Hervey - - - April 3 - - - ibid.

Mr. Courtenay - - - 458

Mr. Bofville - - - - ibid.

M r. Bur don — - - - 459

Mr. Wilson - - - April 4 - - - ibid.

Mr. Bonny - April 5 - - / 461

Mr. Aris - - April 8 - - - ibid.

Mr. Gretn - - 462

Mr. Ballard - - - April 16 - . - ibid.

Mr. Nicholson - 463

Mr. Owen - - - ibid.

No. 2. Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the Management of the New House of Correction for the County of Middlesex. See.....- 463

No. 3. Note from Mrs. Defiant to His Grace the Duke of

Portland - - - - - 466

No. 4. Letter from D to D" - - - Hid.

No. 5. Letter from Mr. Wickham to the Keepers of Newgate, v Cold Bath Fields, and Tothill Fields Bridewells - -

'No. 6. Letter from Mrs. Defpard to Mr. Ford -. - -

No. 7. D° - D° - - - to Mr. Wickham - ibid.

No. 8. Letter flora the Duke of Portland to Mr. - - 467

Were the Regulations between 1795 and 1794 the same as those delivered in? — No.

What were. the Regulations previous to the Year 1794? — Not any; I had no Rules or Orders to go by.

In what Manner was the Prison conducted? — There was no Rules or Orders for conducting it; every Thing was improperly conducted j fuel) as Men and Women being allowed to be together. I mean in the old Prison. The Friends of the Prisoners were allowed to go into the different Yards, and were frequently fighting, drunk, and rioting. The Second Day after I was appointed I flopped it, which was the 7th of November

1793-

Were those printed Regulations adopted immediately on your entering the new Prison ? — Yes.

Have they been acted upon ever since ? — They have.

' At what Date or Period did you enter into your Office in the new Prison? — I suppol'e about June 1794.

You have said, that those Orders and Regulations, -which you have produced, were not hung up in the Prison; were any Orders or Regulations'hung up in the Prison ? — There has not.

Were the Orders and Regulations which you have delivered in, at any Time, generally or individually, published to the Prisoners? — Never.

Are all Prisoners kept separate in the House of Correction? — Every one, except the seditious People, Thirteen of them, committed under Warrant from the Duke of Portland.

Are those Thirteen Prisoners kept to the same Rules and Orders as the other Prisoners ? — They are not.

State the Distinction? — There is Seven of them in one Room, and Six in another. Those Rooms are floored. They lay in those Rooms as well as eat there.

State the Size of those Two Rooms? — Each Room is about Twenty-seven Feet square.

What is the Height ? — About Fourteen Feet.

' What Number of Windows are there in each Room? — There are Six, glazed, in each.

Are there Fire Places in each Room ? — Yes.

Appendix, No. 1.

Minutes taken before the Committee.

Martis, 120 die , 1799.

Mr. Arts Called in, and Examined. '

Mr. Ans. Are you Governor of the House of Correction in Cold Bath Fields? — Yes.

How long have you been Governor there? — Six Years.

Were you the First Governor? — I have been Governor ever since the Prison was finished.

Apprmlix, [Mr. Arts delivers in a Paper, intituled, " Rules,

z' Orders, and Regulations for the Management

of the new House of Correction for the County of Middlesex, approved and confirmed by the Justices at the Middlesex Quarter Sessions 1794-"]

Have there been any other Rules or Orders made for the Regulation of the House of Correction, since the Year 1794? — No.

Are those Orders, or a Copy of them, hung up in the Prison? — They are not; nor has it been customary to hang them up, I never having received Orders to that Effect.

What Number of Beds is there in each Room? — I think the London People have each a separate Bed; as to the other Seven I am not positive, but think Five Beds are allotted to them.

Of what Materials are those Beds composed? — A Linen same fluffed with Straw, a Blanket, and a Rug each. There is a Fire in both Rooms all Day; they have Chairs and Tables, Knives and Forks.

What are the Size of the Windows? — About Two Feet Square.

Do the Windows open? — Yes.

Are there any Window Shutters? — No.

State what Food those Thirteen Prisoners receive? — I cannot exaClly say; a Man of the Name of Ballard provides for them.

Have they the same Allowance as the other Prisoners? — They have nothing to do with the other Prisoners; they have each Day a Loaf which weighs a Pound, and 13 j. 4 d.per Week each allowed by Government.

Who has the Direction of laying out the 13 s. 4 ? —

Joseph Ballard, one of my Servants.

By whole Appointment doth he lay out the 13J. 4 ' — I order him to provide for them; every Month a Bill goes to the Under Secretary of State, and the Order for the Money, I receive from Mr. IVkite.

I lave

Mr. Jr is.

39 Geo. III. 190

Have the Prisoners the Power of ordering their Provisions themselves? — No; Joseph Ballard provides for them.

Have you as Governor, received any Complaints from those Thirteen Prisoners, respecting their Food ? — Never from any of them; the Manchester Men have frequently said to me, the Meat was good, and they had no Cause of Complaint; they had about One Pound per Day,

Are the Prisoners informed what is allowed them by Government? — Yes, they are.

Did you ever hear any Complaints as to the Quantity of Provisions ? — Never.

Do you keep the Prisoners generally to Hard Labour? — Yes, I do; some of them to the different Trades they happen to be bred to, such a? Bricklayers, Carpenters, and Taylors, &c. and they who have no Trades pick Oakum.

Are the Prisoners who are committed under the Duke of Portland's Warrant, employed by you in Labour? — Not one of them.

Do they employ themselves in any Labour ?-^No, they do not.

Are the Prisoners in general informed of Means of Employment being provided for them, and of their being entitled, by the Prison Rules, to a certain Proportion of the Profits from such Employment? — They are.

Have those Thirteen, whom you state to be unemployed, been so informed? — Never; it is understood by the Rules, that People under Conviction are to be so employed; but I in general employ every Person who comes in after being fully committed to take their Trial.

Has it not, in Fact, been usual to offer the Means of Employment to Prisoners fully committed for Trial, and to state to them the Proportion of the Profits from their Labour; namely, One Half thereof, to which they would be entitled by the Thirty-fifth Rule? — It has not been usual to state that; it has not been usual to set all of them to work; some of them, if sent for an Assault or trifling Offence, are set to work.

Is the Committee to understand that you exercise your Discretion as to the Propriety of setting the Prisoners to work; and is it stated from Time to Time, to the Visiting Justices, which of the Prisoners are and which are not employed? — Yes; I do exercise my.Discretion with regard to setting the Prisoners to work; I deliver in a List to the Justices of the Number of Prisoners in the Prison, and how they are employed, and those who are not employed.

Do you keep a Journal of the Events of the Prison, according to the Third Rule? — I do.

Has that Journal been called for and submitted to the Visiting Justices, from Time to Time? — At every Committee, which meets sometimes Twice in Five Weeks, or Twice in a Month, it is laid upon the Table.

Do you fee most of your Prisoners Daily, as by Rule the Fourth? — In general so; some of them Ten Times each Day.

Have any of them, at any Time, stated themselves to be dissatisfied with their Treatment, Food, Lodging, or other Particular ? — The Mutineers are very often complaining that they are starving, and should be starved to Death.

Have you mentioned those Complaints to the Visiting Justices? — Always; some of them have been examined by the Committee in consequence of my Report.

Vol. 54.

Are the Cells in which the Prisoners are confined Report cm separately, liable to damp? — They are not damp; I examined the Cells after the Frost, and they were comnutd. as dry as this Room; and a Number of Magistrates examined themalfoat that Time; Mr. , Mr. Soane, r' '. and others did so.

What is the Nature and Degree of solitary Confinement in ordinary Cafes ? — They are generally locked up, according to their Behaviour; a Number of them, that are orderly and qiliet, have their Cells unlocked in the Morning, and left open all Day, and they may go in and out at Pleasure; others, who are refractory and idle, are confined in their Cells till they have done their Work.

Are they locked in their separate Cells at Night ? —

They are.

The Rules prescribe that a certain Proportion of the Profits shall belong to the Prisoners; when do they receive these Profits for their Labour? — At their going out of the Prison, when they are discharged.

Is any Attention paid, on the Discharge of Prisoners, to their future Situation? — Not at all Times; sometimes they are discharged with a Pass, and sometimes not.

Is Care taken to provide the Prisoners with clean Bedding from Time to Time ? — Always.

Are the Prisoners allowed to receive Articles of Food, or other Comforts, which may be sent them by their Friends ? — Never, except ordered by the Doctor or Apothecary, excepting Prisoners before Trial; they are at Liberty to receive any Food their Friends lend them in, but no Liquor of any Kind.

How often do the Visiting Justices visit the Prison? —

The Magistrates come frequently, but I do not know there are any regular Visiting Justices; Dr. Glajje generally comes Twice a Week, and other Magistrates.

State the Names of such Magistrates as you recollect to be frequent Visitors of the Prison? — Dr. Mr.

Hole, Mr. Cross, Mr. Matthew, Mr. Bond, and many others.

Are Persons committed for Want of Sureties, or for safe Custody, allowed to have Food sent them by their Friends ? — Always. I should have mentioned before, in addition to the 13 . 4 dper Week and the Loaf each Day, they are at Liberty to receive any Food their Friends chuse to bring the m; I mean the seditious People, the Thirteen before-mentioned.

May the Mutineers likewise receive Food from their Friends, if they chuse to fend it ? — No.

Are the Mutineers committed for Trial or under Sentence ? — 'They are under Sentence of Death.

Have you known the Prison, particularly the foparate Cells, or any of them, to be dirty, or infefted with Vermin ? — There has been sometimes Vermin brought into them; but they are cleaned every Day; the Convicts we receive from Newgate arc in a shocking State, from Filth, &c.

Have you in general observed the Health of the Prisoners to grow worse or better, during their Confinement ? — In general much better; I have known them come in in a weak State, and have gone out as well as ever they were in their Lives.

Have all the other Prisoners Bedding of the same Quantity and Quality as before described ? — All alike throughout the Prison.

Is the County Loaf allowed to the other Prisoners of a better Sort, than that allowed to the Seditious? —

No; all alike.

Did

O

444 19° . v/. <799 *

Report on Did you ever hear that the Thirteen seditious Persons JHclds Prison ^ad ca"e<J the Food with which they were supplied, continued. Cats Meat ? — I have been told the Londoners have lo

< — v — J From whom did you receive this Account ? — I received the Account from Ballard.

Are any, except Convicts and Vagrants, compelled to Labour ? — No; they are not.

Have the Mutineers, during any Part of the Day, Acceis to a Fire ? — -Not one, no Part of the Day, except One Man, who is in the Infirmary; they had, the Whole of them formerly; and the Reason why they were afterwards denied Accel's to a Fire was from the Information of one of them, that they were contriving Means to make their Efcaj>e; that was communicated to the Magistrates, and an Order was made that they should be locked up in separate Cells.

Had they Access to a Fire any Part of the Day before the cold Weather set in ? — No; they had not.

Were they denied the Use of Fire as a Punishment, or because they availed themselves of JFire for the Purpose of Mischief or Escape ? — When they had Access -to a Fire, they were Eight or Ten together in a Room; when I received Information from one of them, that they were contriving Means to make their Escape, and threatening some of the Servants, even to murder them, I received an Order from the Magistrates to lock them up in the Cells, and to discontinue the Fire.

Have the Mutineers, at present, any Opportunities of getting further Provision than their accustomed Allowance, either from what their Friends fend them, or they can buy ? — They have no Inch Opportunity, unless supplied by my own Servants.

If supplied by your own Servants, would it meet with your Approbation ? — It would not.

Was that the same before the Mutineers attempted to make their Escape ? — Yes, it was; the Orders were, they should live on the Gaol Allowance; but in Fa<ft, in some Instances, when the Wife, Mother, or Father have come to fee them, and have brought something for them, in general I have taken it in, and sent it up to the Prisoners, and very often have delivered it with my own Hands.

Do you allow Conviifts in general to receive from their Friends, or to buy, any further Provision than the accustomed Allowance ? — We do not allow them to buy any Thing; where the Prisoners are orderly and industrious, we allow a Sunday's Dinner to be brought in by their Friends; and that is under the Direction of the Doctor.

Have the Cells any Fire-place ? — No.

Withdrew.

Mercurii, 138 die Martii, 1799.

The Reverend Dr. Glajfe, Millington Buckley, Esquire, and Thomas Collins, Esquire.

Called in, and Examined.

Dr. cleife. Are you the Visiting Justices appointed by the ;--- --' General Court of Quarter Sessions for visiting the Prison

in Cold Bath Fields ? — We are.

Were yoja all appointed at the same Time ? — Myself and Mr. Collins were appointed in Epiphany Sessions 1796; Mr. Buckley was appointed somewhat later.

How often, in the Discharge of that Duty, have you been accustomed to visit the Prison ? — It has been our Custom to hold a Committee Twice between every

Sessions, to take Minutes of pur Proceedings, and Dr- Glcjje, make our Rc{>ort thereon on the Thursday in every Sessions, which is the County Day.

Do you visit and inspect the different Parts of the Prison on the Days you hold your Committees ? — It has been an invariable Rule with us to summon before us the Governor, the Surgeon, and the Chaplain, at every Visit, to enquire respectively of them into the general Order of the Prison, into the Health of the Prisoners, and particularly to the last of-these Officers into his moral Conduit; and as our Meetings were stated, and generally known by the Prisoners, if any of them had any Grievance to complain of, he was at full Liberty to bring it forward, and such Complaint never passed unnoticed or unenquired info, the Party complaining always being brought before the Committee; but with respect to visiting the different Parts of the Prison, it has not been the constant Custom though frequently done.

Whether Dr. Glajfe has himself occasionally visited and inspected different Parts of the Prison ? — Frequently, as a Member of the Committee, and much more frequently as an Individual Visiting Magistrate.

In the Course of such Inspection, did the different Wards or Cells of the Prison appear to you dry and healthy, and kept perfectly clean ? — I never recoiled t<? have seen them otherwise; the only Place we apply the Word Ward to is the Infirmary, and that is remarkably clean indeed. I am a Governor of many public Hospitals, and I never saw an Infirmary kept so perfectly clean and inoffensive as those Wards are.

In the different Cells, did the Bedding appear to be wholesome, sufficient, and clean? — Different perhaps as to the Degree of Cleanness, according to the Time such Bedding may have been in use; but none of it in any respect, to the best of my Observation, insufficient, unwholesome, or improper.

Did the Bedding ever appear to you to be defiled by Vermin, or did any Prisoner complain, in your Presence, to such Effed ? — Never; I have made frequent Enquiries on that Subjed, and strictly charged the Governor to be particularly careful in that relped.

Did you perceive that Urinals, or like Conveniencies, were provided for the Cells ? — I have never been inattentive to that Particular, knowing how much it contributed to their Health and Comfort, and I never law a Cell without them.

Did the Cells appear to you, either from the Windows, or other Aperture, exposed to Rain, or the Entrance of wet in any other Manner ? — One of the Windows opens to the Passage, and cannot admit any damp or moist Air; the other, which is exposed to the outer Air, may possibly receive some Degree of Moisture from the Wind setting immediately against it; but I never once heard it complained of by any Prisoner, the Prisoner having it in his Power to prevent it by drawing up the Shutter, of which he has the entire Command.

Are the Committee to understand that each Cell has Two Windows, in the Manner described ? — Certainly j one over the Door, and the other in opposition to it: it is univerlal throughout the Prison, with a very few Exceptions only, that Two Windows are in every CelL

On the Ground Floor did you perceive any Marks of Rain or Wet beating under the Doors of the Cells ? — I do not recollect ever having perceived it, and I think from the Situation of the Cells it could not be, from the Situation of the Cells, and the Inclination of the Step outwards, it could not well be; there are Two. or Three Steps to ascend to them.

Are the Cells white-washed ? — They are; and are fresh white-waCbed every Year at least.

Would

0

39 Geo. III. 190 Aprilis.

445

Dr. Clctpt,

Mr. Collins.

Dr. Glajfe.

Would not the Cells, being white-washed, shew Marks of Dampness if such there were ? — Undoubtedly they would.

Did you ever fee such Marks of Dampness, and to what Extent ? — Never but at such Times wherein even the best finished House in this City would shew Signs of Dampness.

What is the Nature of the Soil upon which the Prison is built ? — The upper Part of the Soil is chiefly made Ground; beneath there is a Bed of Gravel.

parting from the Provision Allowance, and changing co&°Bath their Diet ? — This is always done at the Discretion of Field prUon the Surgeon. tuamutd.

Is there any Allowance of Cloathing, or any Regulation relating thereto, adopted in this Prison ? — Cloathing is allowed to all Prisoners under Sentence of Execution for a Length of Time; and when either Vagrants or Prisoners from other Prisons enter the House of Correction in a filthy State, tl)eir own Cloaths arc taken away and clean Prison Cloathing is put on; this has no Application to the same of the State Prisoners.

Dr. Gl

The Prison was built on Ground, which was loose Rubbish, brought there after the great Fire in London in the Year 1666, which rendered it necessary to go a considerable Depth for a good Foundation The Rubbish consists of Brick, Lime, &c. and the River Fleet runs on one Side below the lowed Level, and drains it very completely.

Did you ever examine yourself the Quantity and Quality of the Allowance of Provisions given out, and did they seem sufficient and good of their Kind ? — I have been frequently present at the Distribution of the Food, and have not only inspected but taken a Part of it, and have always been satisfied both as to the Quantity and Quality of the Food prepared. The Quantity has been a Quart of well-made Broth of Soup, with Plenty of Vegetables, and Seven or Eight Ounces of Meat clear of Bone in the Soup or Broth.

Were any Complaints ever made to you on that Head by the Prisoners ? — Complaint was once made (about a Year ago) to the Committee, that the Weight of the Bread (which should be One Pound each Loaf) was defective; the Committee examined the Officer who receives and weighs the Bread, and found his Accounts perfectly correct; they then ordered the Complainers to be present, and to fee several of the Loaves weighed before them, out of which several were above Weight, and not one deficient; no Complaints have been made since (the Officer's Name was Wood ward.)

Is the Provision Allowance general, and given the same to all Descriptions of Prisoners, and if any Excep-ceptions, what are they ? — Alike to all, except in the same of those Persons committed for Treason or treasonable Practices, who have an Allowance from Government.

Have you any Controul over, or did you ever inspect the furnishing Provisions under that Allowance by Government ? — Although I never considered myself as having any Controul over it, yet having known that bne of the Officers of the Prison, by the Name of Ballard, had engaged to furnifti the Prisoners of this Description with Food, I have been induced, on my Visit at the Prison, to examine the Food so prepared for them, and I have always found it not only good, but of a superior Quality. I have examined the Butcher's Bills, and have feenthat he paid thefirft Price for every Kind of Meat; I was induced to this, having heard an Out-door Complaint that they were not wellferved.

You have said that the Infirmary was remarkably clean} in the Men's Infirmary, what Number of Sick might there be on your visiting it ? — When the Number of Prisoners Iras been between 250 and 300,1 never recoiled to have seen more than Four or Five at the most, and some of these rather confined by Accidents than by bodily Disease.

Are all sick Prisoners generally removed to the Infirmary ? — Always when the Surgeon (Mr. Webb) who appears to be very (kilful in his Profession, discovers that the Complaint is real, and not fictitious *

Are not Prisoners in every same removed to the Infirmary, when the Surgeon suggests the Propriety of de-Vol. 54.

Is Attention duly paid to the religious Duties and moral instructions of the Prisoners ? — All the Prisoners are required to attend Divine Service on,

Wednesdays, and Fridays, agreeably to the 40th Regulation, except that lately, in the same of the Mutineers, on a serious Design of endeavouring to make an Escape by a Ru(h from the Chapel, it was thought adviseable to dispense with their Attendance in future.

Have the Regulations, as adopted in Sessions, toge ther with those ordered by Act of Parliament, been hUng up in the Prison ? — Three Editions of the Regulations have been printed, and a Number of them have been always left in the Office, for the Use of any Body in the Prison; but they have been printed in such a Form, as to render it impoffibie to place them against the Wall of the Prison.

Might they not have been printed in a convenient Manner to be affixed to the Prison Wall ? — Certainly they might.

Have they at any Time been read to, or otherwifo communicated to the Prisoners in general ? — Not to my Knowledge.

Have you known the Prison froth its first Establishment ? — I have.

Do you uilderstand it to be a House of Correction, a Common Gaol for lafe Custody, or both ? — Its original Purpose was for the Correction of convicted Delin- quests; but it has of late been made use of as a Place of safe Custody for Offenders of various Descriptions, convicted or not.

At what Period was the Prison first applied for the the Two latter Purposes ? — Chiefly since the Con-1 viction of the Mutineers at the Nore and elsewhere, and since the Commitment of Prisoners for Treason and treasonable Practices j but the Magistrates have always conceived themselves at Liberty to fend Persons to this Prison for further Examination, and previous to their Trial.

Were any State Prisoners ever committed merely for safe Custody, and before Trial, to Cold Bath Fieldst before the Thirteen sent by the Warrant of the Duke of Portland ? — I do not recollect any.

Are you acquainted with the printed Rules of the Prison ? — -Yes, 1 am perfectly.

Withdrew.

Jovis, 14 die Martii, 1799.

The Reverend Dr. Glajfe, Millington , Esquire,

and Thomas Esquire,

Called in, and further Examined.

Do you consider the printed Rules as applying to Prisoners of all Descriptions, or do you consider yourselves authorized to use your particular Discretion as to State Prisoners ? — The Rules were certainly originally framed with a particular Regard to the due Government of the Prison as a House of Correction, and the Magi-

5 X ftfates

A

446 ix) Aprilis . 1799.

strates have felt themselves justified in requiring from Prisoners of all Descriptions a general Conformity to the Regulations of the Establishment.

In point of Fa<ft, doth the Treatment of the State Pril'oners differ from that of other Prisoners ? — It differs very materially in many Respects; in the first place with respect to their Food, which is much more liberally administered; and in the second place with respect to their living in Society with each other, which is not the same with other Prisoners; and also with respect to their Exemption from Labour.

[Read 8th and 25th Rules from the " Rules, " Orders, and Regulations for the Management of the New House of Correction, &c."]

Have the 8th and 25th Rules, as far as regards Liquors, been applied to the same of the State Prisoners ? — Strict Orders have been given to the Governor, from Time to Time, and also to the Surgeon, upon this Subject; and the Magistrates have Reason to believe they have been generally complied with.

Did you alfift in the Formation of those Regula- fions ? — I did.

Report on Cold Bath Fields Prison . continued.

Dr. Glajfe.

may have received from their Daily Visitation; and several Complaints have actually been brought forward in this Way, the Truth of which has been always enquired into; and if the Grievance has been found real, has been redressed.

Gl

Might not a Prisoner be locked up by the Governor, so as not to be able to prefer his Complaint ? — I believe not, because, under every Circumstance, every Prisoner is Daily accessible by the several Officers of the Prison, namely, the Surgeon and Chaplain, to whom, such Complaint might be made.

Do the Two Justices, appointed at the Sessions to visit the Prison Twice a Week, visit it so often ? — Since the Appointment of a Prison Committee, the Office of Visiting Magistrates has been superseded, the Prison having been more frequently visited by individual Magistrates, since the Appointment of the Prison Committee, than when there were Visiting Magistrates.

When Complaint was once made, about a Year ago, as to the Bread, and you had it weighed, was this Time of your visiting the Prison known beforehand ? — It was on one of the stated Days of the Committee, and must have been known beforehand.

In the Adoption and Formation of those Regulations, load you any Idea of their Application to State Prisoners confined merely for safe Custody? — At the Time of the Formation of those Rules, the Magistrates had it not in their Contemplation that State Prisoners would ever be committed for safe Custody to that Prison.

Have you ever stated to Government, that the State of the Cold Bath Fields Prison was such as to render it unfit for the Reception of State Prisoners for safe Custody only ? — Certainly not, as from the Body of Magistrates, although in private Conversation with some of the Officers of State, the Inconvenience arising from the Unfitness of the Prison for the Reception of such Prisoners has been individually stated.

What is the Size of the separate Cells ? — I think Eight Feet by Six Feet Two Inches.

What is the Height ? — From Nine to Ten Feet.

Have those Cells any Fire Places ? — None.

Are the Windows glazed ? — They are not.

Are those Cells on the Ground Floor reserved for any particular Offenders ? — No.

Have you ever heard, on your Visitation of the Prison, any Complaint made by the Prisoners respecting the Dampness of the lower Cells ? — I never recollect to have heard such Complaints.

Has there been any recent Alteration made in any of the Cells? — I believe in Two or more Instances Two Cells have of late been thrown into One.

For what Purpose were those Two thrown into One ? — I believe for the Accommodation of Convalescents.

Is there any Fire Place in those Two Cells thrown into One ? — I believe there is.

Are the Rugs used to cover the Beds of the Prisoners thin or thick ? — The Rugs and Blankets have been both produced, and examined before the Magistrates; the former are as good, and the latter better than I have generally seen in other Places of public Reception.

Did yob ever discover that Mr. Arts the Governor, or any of the Persons employed about the Prison, fold Malt or other Liquor to the Prisoners ? — Certainly not. When I have seen Liquor, on my Visit at the Prison, brought within the Gates, I have never failed to enquire for what Purpose it was brought, and have always received for Answer, that it was for the Use of the Servants belonging to the Prison, and for other Persons employed in extraordinary Labour, for whom a certain Quantity of Beer, never exceeding One Pint in a Day, is allowed, at the Discretion of the Surgeon.

Have you ever had Reason to believe that Mr. Arts had any Interest in any Contract for feeding and cloathing the Prisoners ? — I never had.

Have you ever had Reason to believe that he took more than One Shilling per Night for lodging a Prisoner in a better Manner than usual ? — There are a few Rooms near the Entrance of the Prison, for which, by a Custom established long before the erecting of this Prison, the Sum of One Guinea per Week has been demanded and received, but not for the Governor's Benefit, but carried to the Account of the County.

Did you ever know, or have you any Reason to believe, that he has at any Time maltreated the Prisoners in any way whatsoever? — I have occasionally, but it has been very rarely, heard of the Governor striking a Prisoner with his Stick, and have made Enquiry concerning the Provocation; it has always been answered, that it was for refractory Behaviour, and sometimes in Self-defence.

Is the Time of your holding Committees generally known at the Prison ? — I believe always, the stated Days being the Monday subsequent to the preceding Session, and the Monday previous to the ensuing.

How can you know whether a Prisoner has any jeasonable Grounds of Complaint if One of the Visiting Magistrates do not, at every Time they attend, examine and inspect every Part of the Prison, and fee every Prisoner ? — The Magistrates assembled in Committee have invariably required the Governor, the Surgeon, and the Chaplain, to state the real Circumstances of the Prisoners, an<d to bring forward any Complaint which they

You have said it has always been answered, but by whom ? — By the Governor.

Is the Governor justified by the Rules in beating the Prisoners ? — I think not, except in Cafes of Self-defence.

Has he not a Power of putting a Prisoner into Irons ? — By the Eighteenth Rule he has that Power.

Have you ever had Reason to believe that Mr. Arts, since his Appointment as Governor, has been guilty of any Kind of Dictionefty in the Discharge of his Office? -r-Far from it.

" In

fcjv Sn

Dr. Olojfe.

39 Geo. III. 19" Ap 447

In what Manner could the Prisoners get their Complaints to the Magistrates in any other Manner than through that of the Officers of the Prison? — I know none, except by Letters, by which Means Complaints have found their Way to the Committee; and by personal Application to some or other of ^ie Magistrates belonging to the Committee, Two or more of whom have very frequently gone round the Prison on the Committee Days, and conversed with the Prisoners.

Can the Prisoners write Letters to the Magistrates, or any one else, without the Inspection of the Officers of the Prison ? — They have conveyed such Letters to their Friends at the Gate, by whom they have been transmitted to the Magistrates fitting in Committee in the Prison, through the Governor.

By what Means can their Friends fend their Letters to the Magistrates without the Intervention of the Governor? — It is a general Rule of the Prison, that all Letters put into the Hands of the Officer at the Gate be in the first Instance delivered to the Governor.

Are the Prisoners allowed to convey their Letters to their Friends without the Intervention of the Governor ? — I believe not; the Governor's General Orders are, that no Paper go forth from the Prison, or be brought into it, without being submitted to his In-lpedtion.

Is it possible for them to do it by Stealth, Turnkeys, and other Servants, always being present at the Interview with their Friends? — I believe it is possiblej it has been often done.

Is the Governor not paid a Salary by the County, and to what Amount ? — The Governor receives a settled Salary of, I believe, £.300 a Year; and in Consideration thereof he is required, by the Thirteenth Rule, to take or receive to his own Use, nd Fee, Gratuity, or Emolument, except those allowed by the Table of Eees, from any Person whomsoever in his Custody.

You have specified personal Application to some or other of the Magistrates belonging to the Committee, who go round the Prison on the Committee Days, and converse with the Prisoners, as one of the Modes by which the Prisoners might state their Grievances; have any Complaints been at any Time made on these Occasions ? — I believe there has in several Instances.

Have the Magistrates, on these Occasions, satisfied themselves as to the Justice or Injustice of these Complaints ? — I believe the Magistrates have never failed, on such Occasions, to make proper and diligent Enquiry into the Ground of the Complaint.

Have the Friends of the Prisoners the Opportunity of conversing with them, upon Application being made to the Magistrates ? — Any Person applying to a Magistrate is admitted to fee and converse with the Prisoner by an Order from such Magistrate.

Is there any Thing to prevent the Prisoner, at that Interview, from dating to his Friend any Ground of Complaint he may have respecting his Treatment ? — Nothing; but this must be done in the Presence and within the hearing of One of the Servants of the Prison.

Are you, and have you long been, conversant with the Management of Prisons and Houses of Correction ? — I have for many Years past made personal Enquiries into the Care and Management of various Prisons in this Kingdom.

Do the Regulations and Management observed in the Cold Bath Fields Prison appear to you inferior or not to those of other Places of Confinement, since the general Reform of those Institutions has, in some Degree, taken place ? — The Rules, for the Manage-

Vol. 54.

ment of this Prison, are rather a Compilation from the Report on

best Regulations established in other Prisons, under p^n

the best Management, and Confirmed by the Experience

of the Magistrates presiding over such Prisons, than an Glafi

original Composition, with the Addition of such only

as the peculiar Situation of a London Prison seemed to

require.

Is the habitual Inspection of the Prison by Magistrates restricted to those who compose the Committee, or is Encouragement given to other Magistrates, whose . Convenience it may suit, to superintend and assist in the due ObferVance of the Regulations ? — Although,

a Prison Committee is established, and only the Members of that Committee are summoned, it is an open Committee, and has been frequently attended by Magistrates not named as Part of the Committee; I believe that every Magistrate feels himself at full Liberty to visit, and many of them do frequently visit,

the Prison independently of the Committee.

Have any Inconveniencies been found to result from the Opportunities of Intercourse between the Prisoners and their Friends at large coming to fee them in their Confinement ? — I believe that many Inconveniencies have arisen from surreptitious Communications between the Prisoners and their Friends without, and that an Escape of Seven Prisoners, on the ift of April last, was the Result of such clandestine Communication; it was impossible it could be effected otherwise; besides which, it is well known that Knives, Files, and other Instruments for effecting Escape, have been conveyed in consequence of this secret Intercourse.

Has the Prison Allowance of Food, the Prison Lodging, Labour, and other Particulars in the Situation and Treatment of the Prisoners, been often found, in fact, to prove injurious to the Health of Persons during their Confinement ? — So for from it, that in several Instances a gradual Amendment has taken place in the Prisoners Health; that several that have been long confined, even for the Term of Two Years, have been brought before the Committee previous to their Discharge, and have been observed to have every Appearance of most perfect Health.

It should have been stated,- that before any Prisoner Mr. . is discharged he is taken before a Magistrate, who always aiks him whether he has any Complaint to make of the Governor, or any of the Officers or Servants of the Prison, and whether he has been properly treated j I believe there are few Cafes to the contrary.

Withdrew.

Generis, 150 die Martii, 1799.

The Reverend Dr. Glajfe, Millington Buckley, Esquire,

and Thomas Collins, Esquire,

Called in, and further Examined.

In what respect does the Treatment of1 the State Glajfe. Prisoners vary from that prescribed by the ordinary Regulations of the Prison ? — In several Respects, respecting their Diet, respecting their Lodging, and their living together in Society; their Diet being much more liberal than that provided for other Prisoners — those Prisoners are also exempted from Labour.

Have the C<?nfequences of these Variations been such as to recommend their more general Adoption, with a View to the Health of Prisoners themselves, the Order and good Government of the Prison -or of the moral Effects which ought to be kept in View in all Places of Confinement ? — I have no Reason to think, from the Experience which the Magistrates have hitherto had of the Effects of this more liberal Treatment of the Prisoners, that any good Consequence

could

448 190 Aprilis. . 1799.

Report on could - ow from general Adoption of the same fScU Prison treatment of Prisoners in general; that nei-

ttmtimud. ther in point of Health, Order, or Tranquillity, and I — may add the Safety of the Prison, would the System be

f>r' Gkfft. in any Degree amended by such Innovation.

Have any Instances occurred, tending to prove, in a moral Point of View, the salutary Effects of the general System observed in the Fields Prison,

with regard to Labour, Abstinence from strong Liquors (except in particular Cafes) and occasional Solitude ? — The Magistrates have, with Pleasure, observed that many good Effects, in a moral Point of View, have followed from a Perfevetance in their System of Discipline, and that Habits of Industry have been established, that a Proficiency in useful Arts has been acquired, and the Prisoner furnished with better Means of Subsistence on his Discharge, than he possessed previous to his Commitment.

What is the Conduct commonly observed with respect to Persons discharged from the Prison after any long Period of Confinement; and does it vary according to their good or bad Behaviour in the Prison ? — The Twenty-ninth Rule, respecting the Governor's Conduct previous to the Discharge of the Prisoner, is absolute; and he is required to see that every such Prisoner be taken before a Magistrate, to be examined respecting his legal Settlement, and his future Dispo-lal; and, in point of Fad, the Relation of the Prisoner, or some other Person in a creditable Situation, has frequently appeared, and become responsible for placing the Prisoner in a State of immediate Employment.

Has there been any Occasion on which the System of Discipline established in the Cold Bath Fields Prison, and the practical Effects of it, have received an honourable Testimony of Approbation from any of the Judges ? — The Magistrates refled, with great Satisfaction, on a Message conveyed to them by the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, near the latter End of November 1798, in the following Terms: " That his strongest Approbation U a cold Manner of expressing the Sentiments he entertains of the Conduct of " those, whose Angular and laudable Attention in fu« 44 perintending the Arrangement of the Prison, has so importantly contributed to the very useful Purposes for which it is intended; that the Public, and in- deed every Individual who forms a Part of it, mull feel the Obligation of such essential Services."

When these Rules for the Regulation of the Prison were made, was it in Contemplation that Prisoners would be committed there for safe Custody only ? — I am very sensible, that when the Rules were formed, it was in Contemplation to receive within the House of Correction Prisoners for Trial, to be kept in safe Custody, and also for further Examination but I find, on a Reference to the Minutes of the Prison Committee, taken soon after its Establishment, that such Inconveniencies were found to arise from receiving Prisoners of that Description, as to induce the Committee to recommend it to the Magistrates not to fend Prisoners to the House of Correction, who were only committed for Re-examination, or for Trial, except on special Occasions; because Prisoners in that Situation require Intercourse with their Attornies, which disturbs the Order and Tranquillity of the Prison.

When they were committed on thele special Occasions, were they confined to separate Cells ? — Generally so, except in Cafes which have been already mentioned, when Prisoners, capable of paying for that Indulgence, have been permitted to have the Use of a more commodious Apartment.

What Allowance of Food have Prisoners committed for further Examination ? — They who have Friends ca-1

pable of supplying them, have been permitted to re- Dr. ceive Food over and above the Prison Allowance, which is the same with that of the other Prisoners.

Have they any greater Indulgence than the other Prisoners, in respect of seeing their Friends ? — Persons committed for Trial, or for Re-examination, are allowed such Intercourse with their Friends as may be needful to prepare them for their Defence j nor is there any other Difference.

What was the Occasion of your Conversation with the Officers of State respecting the Unfitness of the Prison for the Reception of State Prisoners ? — The Indulgence which such Prisoners expect has been found to militate against the quiet and peaceful Nature of that Confinement, for which the House of Correction seems more immediately calculatedi

Is the Committee then to under ft and, that the Nature of the Objections stated against these Persons being committed to the Prison was, rather that they were unfit for the Prison than that the Prison was unfit for them ? — I think that Prisoners of that Description are less fit to be committed to the House of Correction than to any other Prison; and that the House of Correction is less fit to receive such Prisoners, than any other Place of Confinement.

Did you state the Prison as ill suited to State Prisoners, independent of the Effect of their distinct Treatment, Situation, and Conduct, in relation to good Order and Management of the other Prisoners? — I stated, that the House of Correction appeared to be unfit for the Reception of such Prisoners, on the grounded Experience, that more Disorder has prevailed within the Prison in the Course of the last Twelve Months, since which Time such Prisoners have been committed, than in any preceding Period of Time; and which I conceive to have arisen from such Prisoners not being subject to the ordinary Discipline of the Prison; independent of these Effects, this Prison is as fit as any other.

Whether any Instance is known of a Prisoner applying to a Magistrate for Permission to fee his Friends, have ever been refused ? — I know of none.

Have the Friends of any Prisoner ever been refused Access to him ? — This Question I can only answer with respect to myself: During Burkes' Confinement, a Person from Norwich, who called himself a Graduate of the University of Cambridge, obtained an Order from some Magistrate to visit the said Burkes; but his Conversation, in the Presence of the Governor, was of so dangerous a Nature, and of which the Governor had informed me, that upon his Application to me for a second Order, I felt it to be my Duty to refuse him.

I never should have refused a first Interview.

Withdrew.

Lung, 18° die Martii 1799.

Mr. Arts Called in, and further Examined.

When did the Manchester People, who were com — Mr. An>-mitted on Suspicion of High Treason, first enter the Prison? — It was some Time in March 1798.

When they arrived at the Prison, were they heavily ironed? — I believe all double ironed, and handcuffed together.

Did you perceive that their Legs were at all injured by the Irons ? — I did not.

Did you knock off their Irons upon their Arrival ? —

I did.

Did you put them into separate Cells, or into obo Room ? — I put them into one Room the First Night.

Had

Mr.Arts *

.39 Geo. III. t9° A

Had they any Beds to lie upon ? — They had no Beds to lie upon the first Night.

Was there any Fire in the Room ?-"-There was not.

Did you keep them for any Length of Time locked up in that Room ? — They were removed the next Night,

1 think, into separate Apartments.

When they were put into, separate Apartments, did you keep them locked up ? — They were locked up, except Two Hours in the Day.

When did Government first think fit to allow to each State Prisoner 13J. \d. per Week for his Maintenance? — I think about the 9th of June last — Ballard knows better.

Was it in consequenne of any Complaint, that this Allowance of 13J. 4 d.was granted? — There was no Complaint to me; 1 went to the Treasury, and Mr. Wickham gave me that Order without any Application to me.

Did those Manchester Prisoners ever complain that they had not the same Allowance as the Prisoners con fined in Newgate? — They never did.

' From March 1798, the Time of their Commitment, until the 9th of June 1798, the Time of the Government's Allowance, did they not live entirely, for Three Days in the Week, upon One Pound of Bread per Day, and Water only for their Drink? — Yes; the Manchester People having no Friends-in , lived the same as

People under Conviction, namely, Meat and Broth Four Days in the Week, and Bread and Water the other Three.

What is the longest Period that any Prisoner has been kept in absolute iolitary Confinement at one and the same Time? — There have been some locked up for Three or Four Months for improper Behaviour and improper Conduct. I recollect One Instance: A Man by the Name of Hill, who threatened to run a Knife into one of the Servants; I ordered him to be kept locked up as a Punishment for that Threat for Three or Four Months; I believe that even that Man's Cell was opened every Morning for him to go and wash him self.

Is it entirely at your Discretion to lock up Prisoners for any Length of Time you please? — I never have locked any up without having acquainted the Magistrates after they have been locked up; I have that Discretion in the first Instance; I could not otherwise govern the Prison.

Was there any Thing in that Room that the Manchester People could sleep upon the first Night they were put in ? — I think about Two Ton of dried Oakum.

Were there any Windows to that Room? — I think there are Five Windows, with Shutters, such as before described.

Do you know whether any County Allowance is given to Prisoners in Newgate? — I do not.

[Mr. Aris produces Two Books.]

Are the Books now produced Originals or Copies ? — The Magistrates Book is a Copy, the other is the Governor's Journal, and the only one that is kept.

By whom is the Governor's Journal kept? — By Tho mas Nicholson, the Clerk.

From whom doth he receive his Information? — From me; if any Occurrence happens in the Prison I give him Orders to write it down.

Does not some Occurrence, more or less important. Daily take place in the prison? No, not every Day; trifling Things happen not worth Notice.

Vol. 54.

449

Can the Magistrates judge of the Occurrences of the Prison on those Days they do not visit, by any other Means than by Reference to the Journal, or a Report from you ? — Not that I know of.

State the Reasons why the Occurrences of Days, Weeks, and Months, are omitted in the Journal? — The Clerk is here who keeps the Book; but I know there has been no Entry in my Journal since the 25th of January; there has not been any Thing material to enter in the Journal.

Rtfoort oh Cold Bath Fields Prifort continued.

Mr. Arts.

Are you, as Governor, acquainted with the Third printed Rifle of the Prison, and why is not that Rule attended to? — I am acquainted with it; the keeping of the Journal is the Duty of the Clerk.

Do the Visiting Magistrates inspefl your Journal ? — Very often they do.

Have they expressfed no Dissatisfaction? — I believe Dr. GlaJJe has.

When? — I don't recollect; he has Once, Twice, of Three Times, in Conversation with me.

Doth the Journal give an accurate Account as far as it is kept ? — I believe it does.

From the nth of September 1798 to the 31st October 1798, were there precil'ely Twenty Men and Six Women indisposed during that Period, neither more or less? — That Report of People being ill is improperly kept.

Can you explain it ? — The Doctor reports them to me and I to the Clerk; the Account is not accurate; I have often mentioned it.

In point of Fa<ft, is any real Journal kept ? — There is no other Journal kept but this.

Is there any Account kept of the Time when Pri foners are committed and discharged ? — There is a Book kept for that Purpose.

Have you seen arty Effect in the Qondudl of youf Prisoners from the Visit of any Person or Persons to the Prison? — Yes, I have.

State what Effect? — I have found a great deal of Difference in the Behaviour of the Mutineers, in particular since the Visit of Sir Francis , and of no

other Person that I recollect. Since the Visit of Sir Francis Burdett, I have had a Conversation with several

of the Mutineers, named Doug, Hewes, , Am- brule, and Pilton, in consequence of the Visits. After I received a Letter from the Duke of Portland not to admit Sir Francis Burdett, it was very soon known in the Prison, and those People seemed very much disappointed it was flopped. I asked Doughty whether he had ever heard of Sir Francis Burdett before he saw him; he laid he had not; I asked him, did he not wonder he should take lb much Pains, and stay so long to talk to him; ' he said he did wonder that he should; I then asked his Opinion, why that Gentleman should Hop so long with him; he said the Opinion of the Sailors was, that that Gentleman was come to do away the Rules and Orders, and that it. would be much better for them. I have had nearly the same Conversation with the other Men, and they wpre all of the same Opinion.

Have these Visits had any other bad Effects with re gard to the Conduct of the Prison ? — No, except in the same of a Servant of mine, by the Name of Joel;

I think it was the next Day after Sir Francis Burdett had been there the last Time; he came into the Office to me, and said my Son had mentioned he was kept out of Charity, and that he did not wish to Hop in the Prison any longer. I told him, if he did not wish to stay he might go; rtnd I paid him what was his due. He laid he should never get another Place. I asked him why? He laid the Place had got so infamous a Chara<fter he

<Y did

Report on Cold Bath Fields Prison continued.

Mr. Arts.

' ----- -P ----- -'

Mr. Nicholson. J

il/r.

I. — Y —

45°

1799.

did not expect to get another Place. I asked him whether he had been told so? He said he had Outside of the Walls. I told him he could have contradicted that, as he knew it was not true. — a Prisoner,

came to me the next Day, and understood that Joel was gone, and said that Sir Francis Burdett had got him away: How do you know that? Joel told me if he would leave that Place he would get him a better, or provide for him, which I told to Mr. , who took it down in Writing from Green's Mouth. About Three Weeks ago I.found the Iron of Jofep/i Hewes off. I asked him, how he got it off? he said, Joel Ranee gave him a File, for which he paid 4! d.\ he sawed his Iron off with it, and produced the File to me: I thought ithonest in the Man, and ordered his Irons to be took off. I have found a Rivet Screw in the Post'ession of one Saul: I never saw a Thing of that Kind before. A Rivet Screw is placed in lieu of the Bolt, and can be updone by the Prisoner.

Have any other Gentlemen, besides the Magistrates and Sir Francis Burdett, visited the Prison ? — Yes, frequently.

In consequence of such Visits have you seen any Alteration in the Conduit of the Mutineers, or other Prisoners? — I have not.

v What is done with the Money a Prisoner may have in his Poffdfion upon his Commitment ? — I don't know. We do not take-their Money; we take Knives, &c.

Withdrew.

Mr. Nicholson,

Called in, and Examined-

What is your Office in the Prison? — I am Clerk to the House of Correction.

[The Books produced by Mr. shewn to the Witness.]

Are those Books copied by you? — Yes, from the Copy of the Minutes in the Magistrates Book, and from the Governor's Journal, and are exact Copies.

Who makes the Entries in the rough Books? — The Magistrates keep one, and I the other.

How do you acquire your Information of what passes in the Prison? — By being constantly in the Prison, and bearing from the Servants what passes.

at the General Quarter Sessions, on the 10th Day of January 1799, you state that Sir Francis said to upon first seeing him, " Do you not feel very cold ?" which of these Two Statements is correct? — The last is correct.

You state in your Examination, that you all went into Doughty's Cell, and shut the Door and staid near Half an Hour to determine whether it was cold or not; you do not notice this Part of the Transaction in your Depofi-tion before Mr. Ford; is your Examination correct in' this Particular? — Yes, it is.

In your Deposition you state, that Sir Francis Burdett said, upon seeing Davis, " Well, Davis, how are you ?" — in your Examination you state, that upon seeing Davis, he feid, " You look very thin;" which of these Statements is correct? — I think he said, upon opening the Cell, " How are you, Da? — he laid " Poorly;" he then said, " You look very thin."

You have stated in your Examination, that the Questions of Sir Francis Burdett, and the Answers of the Prisoners, were preconcerted; in your Deposition you have not stated this Opinion; what are your Grounds for believing that the Questions and Answers were preconcerted ? — The Reason why I believe so is, because I have been told so by Three or Four of the Mutineers, Chart, Pilton, Hewes, &c.; they told me that Joel after the First Time Sir Francis was there, had used to take Letters out of the Prison for a Man named a Mutineer, and bring Letters in for him; I then believed that it was so, as Sir Francis, in one of his Visits, asked to fee Two particular People, one by the Name of Jones, who was confined in a distant Part of the Prison, and a Conversation took place between them; and I did suspect that Sir Francis had received Information from those Letters of the Names and Situations of the particular Prisoners. I do perfectly recoiled that 1 was informed by one of the Mutineers, that Painter, a Mutineer, had received a Letter from Sir Francis dett; I think Chart, one of the Mutineers, told me foj I think this Information was given to me after Sir Francis's First Visit; I told it to some of the Magistrates, but I do not recoiled to whom.

Was this Information before or after Sir s Se-

cond Visit ? — -1 do not recoiled; I think it was after the First.

Was it before or after the Third Visit ? — It was before the Third Visit.

Mr. Aril>

Doth the Governor give you any Information? — He doth, and I enter it in the Book.

Do you do this Daily, or at Intervals from Recollection ? — No, Daily.

Do Days, Weeks, and Months elapse without any Occurrence worth entering? — The Books are sent to Hicks's Hall, and in the mean Time I make my Entries on Paper; and since the 25th of January there has not been any particular Occurrence worth entering.

Do you not know that Occurrences of great Moment took place between the 14th December 1798 and the 25th of January 1799? — Yes, but I received no Orders to enter them. Withdrew.

> Martis, 190 die Martii, 1799.

Mr. Am,

Called in, and further Examined.

In the Deposition before Mr. Ford you state, that Sir Francis Burdett, upon entering Doughty's Cell, observed that it was very cold in the Cell; in your Examination

When did you communicate this Information to the Magistrates ? — I don't recoiled.

Was it before or after Sir Francis's Third Visit yo$ mentioned it to the Magistrates ? — I do not recoiled.

Whether the Deposition taken by Mr. Ford, was read over to you after it had been reduced to Writing ? — I think it was; certainly it must.

Do you remember these Words being read to you, viz. " Besides having Opportunities of getting further " Provision, either from what their Friends fend them, or they could buy ?" — I do not recoiled it was read tome; I should have particularly noticed it; because no Prisoner under Conviction is allowed to buy Provisions; they are provided for by the County.

What induced you to go to Mr. Ford, and make this Deposition ? — I went to Mr. Ford to relate to him that something was, or would go on improperly in the Prison, in consequence of Sir Francis's Visit; I then told him that Sir Francis had a Conversation with Mr. Defpard at the Gate in going out, and Mr. Courtenay was with him, and some other Person, I think his Name was Bofville;

Was

451

39 Geo. III. 19"

Was your going to Mr. Ford, Upon this Occasion, a voluntary Ad of your own; or did any Body suggest it to you ? — A voluntary Ad of my own, as I thought it a Part of my Duty.

Are you not ordered to suffer no Conversation What-soever between Prisoners and those who merely come to visit the Prison ? — I have no such Order.

Do you ever suffer them ? — Yes.

Was he in a separate Ceil ? — Yes.

State what Furniture there was in that Cell ? — A Bed and Bedstead, a Rug, and a Blanket.

Were the Windows glazed ? — No.

Report on Cold B ah Fields Prison, continued.

Mr. Arts.

What Allowance of Provision had Colonel at

that Time ? — He was provided for by Ballard; and, besides that; he had the same Allowance as that which other Prisoners have under Examination.

Is it always in the Presence of yourself, or one of your Servants? — Always.

What was the Conversation between Mr. and Mrs. Defpard, Sir Francis BurdettMr. Courtenay, and Mr. Bofville ? — I don't recoiled. I think it was after the Second Visit I went to Mr. Ford. After Sir Francis and the other Two Gentlemen were gone, I asked Colonel Defpard wfio they were; and that makes me think it was after the Second Visit.

Have you not Hated, in your Examination before the Magistrates, on the 10th of January 1799, that Sir Francis Burdett, the Second Time, was accompanied by One Person only? — Yes; the First Time there were Two Persons with Sir Francis.

What induced you to think, that if you did not make Application to Mr. Ford, something would go on wrong in the Prison ? — I took Notice of Sir Francis having a Conversation with the People that were committed for Sedition, and the Mutineers, taking no Notice of any other Prisoners in the Prison, and I had very often been insulted by the People who are committed for Sedition; I thought it right to let Mr. Ford or Mr. Wickham know that such a Gentleman had visited the Prison, and he particularly wished to fee these Prisoners.

Do you here allude to the last Visit of Sir Francis Burdett / — No; I think it was the Second.

Why did you admit Sir Francis the Third Time ? — I never suffered Sir Francis to come intp the Prison without an Order; he produced one; I obeyed it.

Why then did you not, immediately after the Second Visit, communicate your Apprehehensions either to Mr. Ford or some Visiting Magistrate ? — It was after the Second I did.

Did Sir Francis Burdett ever visit the Prison, or attempt to visit the Prison, without an Order from a Magistrate ? — Never, that I know of.

Did he ever visit the Prison alone ? — He never did.

Had you an Opportunity, between the Second and Third Visit of Sir Ft ancis Burdett to the Prison, of communicating to Dr. Glasse your Apprehensions arising from the Visits of Sir Francis Burdett / — I don't recoiled I had.

Did Dr. G/a[fegive any Notice to you concerning the Ad million of Sir Francis Burdett ? — One of the Visits

was an Order from Dr. Glasse; I think the Second.

Did you feel any Apprehension that any Thing would go wrong in the Prison upon the First Visit of Sir

Francis Burdett f — No, I did not.

Did Sir Francis Burdett, on his Three foveral Visits to the Prison, bring an Order of Admission from Three different Magistrates, or from the same ? — The First from Mr. Conant, the Second Dr. GlaJJe, and the Third Mr.

Conant.

At what Time did you receive Colonel Defpard into your Custody, in the Prison in Cold Bath Fields ? — The 23th of April 1798.

In what Part of your Prison did you confine him ? —

In what is called the North Front.

' Vot, 54.

Had he the Government Allowance of 13J. \d. — No, not at first; not till, I think, the 9th of June.

Has Colonel Defpard been confined a close Prisoner, or has he been allowed to go out ? — Ever since he has been in the Prison, he has always had Liberty to go out into a Yard, which is about Seventy Feet long, and a Part is fhedded over, and he has Access to that the Whole of the Day; I don't recollect he has ever been locked up thd Whole of the Day.

Has Colonel Defpard had any Opportunity of seeing his Wife and Family since his Confinement ? — Twice a Week nearly from the Beginning.

Was he alone when the Meeting of his Wife and Family took place ? — He was alone.

Were they in the same Room, or was it through a Grating? — -Not through a Grating, but in the same Room; the Gate was unlocked for the Purpose of Mrs. Defpards going to Colonel Defpardand they used to walk in the Garden Two or Three Hours together, without any other Person being with them; the Garden is on the Right Hand on entering the Prison,

At what Time was Colonel Defpard removed from the Cell, in which he was originally confined, to another Room ? — On the 25th of November 1798 — [Produces the Duke of Portland's Order of 24th -

ber.~\

What passed between you and Colonel Defpard when ou informed him of the Duke of '.s Order ? —

told him I had received that Order for him to be removed, with the others, into a Room; he told me he did not wish to go with them, for he would much rather flop where he was, than go with the Other Prisoners; I then told him he should go into a Room, which I had vacant, alone, and he did lb; that Room is boarded, and has Two large glazed Windows, is the uppermost Room in the Prison, in which there.is a Fire the whole Day; there is a Table and Chair, Bed and Bedflead.

Did he ever make any Complaint to you of his Situation ? — Never.

Did he ever make any to the Magistrates, that you know of? — Never.

When had Mrs. Defpard first Access to him ? — Al- . most immediately after his being confined; within Two or Three Days; if Colonel Defpard had had any Corr>-: plaint to make, he had divers Opportunities, having been frequently in the Lodge, or walking in the Garden, when the Magistrates have been there.

Was the Cell, in which Colonel Defpard was Originally confined, generally dry ? — As dry as this Room.

Was it in that State during the Whole of his Confine- . ment in it ? — I think it was.

What was the Height of the Cell ? — I think Nine Feet, and Nine Feet long.

Are there Two Turnkeys in the Prison by the Names of Joseph and Oliver ? — Oliver is.

Have the Prisoners at any Time entrusted their Money to your Care, with a View to put it out to Interest, or for any other Purpose ? — I had a Man, named Warded,

452 i of Aprilis.A. 1799.

Cold BatS P^acec Eight Guineas In my Hands, which I re-

Fields Prison, turned to him when his Time was out.

coutitnud.

.. Have you ever asked the Prisoners to lend you Mo-

Mr. JriSjney ? No.

11 Have you ever borrowed Money of them ? — I have.

When, and of whom ? — Yes, I have; and gave Security for it.

Did you ever agree to pay any Interest ? — Yes, I did, and repaid the Money again. 1 have borrowed Money of Two or Three different Prisoners, but have always repaid them.

What Description of Prisoners did you borrow it of?

— Prisoners for Misdemeanors.

Withdrew.

Mercurii, 20Martii, 1799.

The Hon. Valentine

Called in, and Examined.

Mr. La'wUfs. Have you visited the Cold Bath Fields Prison since the Month of April last, and how often ? — Only Twice.

At what Times ? — I cannot be positive; I think about the 19th of November and 26th of November.

Did you fee Colonel Debard on the 19th of November ? — l did.

Was he at that Time confined in a Cell ? — He was.

Can you form any Idea of the Size of that Cell ? — Nearly about Seven Feet Square, perhaps less.

Had the Cell any Fire Place ? — No,

Did it appear to you to be damp ? — The Floor was very wet.

What Articles of Furniture were in the Cell ? — I observed none but a Bed.

Was there any Bedstead ? — The Bed was raised from the Ground; there was not what I generally call a Bedstead j it mud have been a Bench, or Planks, that raised it from the Ground.

Was that Bench, or those Planks, fastened to the Wall? — They were in contact with the Wall j I did not examine the Bed very minutely.

Do you know whether Colonel was allowed

to set his Foot in the Garden of the Prison ? — I knew from him, and from his Wife, he was not; the Gaoler informed me that he was.

Were you acquainted with Colonel previous

to his Commitment to Prison ? — For some Time; I have known his Family for a long Time.

Did his Health appear to have been injured by his Confinement ? — It appeared so to me; I asked Colonel Defpard the Reason of his having the Heels of his Shoes down, and his Feet muffled in Flannel; he told me that the Severity of the Weather had given him Ulcers on his Heels; also he mentioned he had an Attack of the Rheumatiiin, which took away the Use of one of his Arms.

Did Colonel Defpard complain to you of his having been treated with Severity in the Prison ? — I stated to Colonel Defpard, that I had heard from his Wife, that he had been confined Seven Months in a Stone Cell j that for the first Six Weeks he had nothing but the common Gaol Allowance, unlcl's he paid a very extravagant Price, but after that (he, from repeated Applications, got him a pecuniary Allowance of 13J. 4 per Week, i also was informed by her, that he was only allowed One Hour in the Twenty-four during the - first 1

Part of his Imprisonment, for the Purpose of washing, and that then he was obliged to use his Chamber Pot, *

not having a Bason; she also informed me, he had neither Chair, Table, Knife, or Fofk, and that she had brought him Books several Times, which the Gaoler received, but never gave to him; she shewed me Copies of several Letters, which she had written to the Duke of Portland and to Mr. tVickham, which she told me had no other Success than that of getting him the pecuniary Allowance: I stated this to Colonel Defpard, and Colonel Defpard agreed in the Truth of the Whole, as to his Treatment.

Do you know whether Colonel Defpard was allowed to have Access to a Fire during the Hour in which he was allowed to be out of his Ceil ? — I cannot positively say.

Do you know whether Mrs. Defpard was allowed to have Access to the Colonel previously to the Time of your first visiting the Prison? — I can only speak from Mrs. DefpartTs Report to me.

Did Colonel Defpard, or his Wife, inform you that he was not permitted to go into the Yard of the Prison?

— No.

Did the Damp on the Floor of the Cell appear to arise from its having been recently washed, or from the Effects of the Weather? — It appeared to me to be the Effect of the Rain; which had got under the Door; there was a final 1 Aperture above and below the Door, and it appeared to me, as it was a driving Rain that Day, it had got in there.

Did Colonel Defpard state, that the same Thing took, place whenever there was a driving Rain ? — I cannot positively say he did; he laid the Cell was frequently wet.

Did the Colonel or Mrs. Defpard ever state, that they were permitted to walk in the Garden of the Prison, previous to the 19th of November ? — No.

Did Colonel Defpard tell you, that his rheumatic Complaint and Ulcers arose from the Dampness of the Cell? — He did not attribute his Rheumatism to any particular Circumstance, but he attributed his fore Heels to the Snow which was in the Yard, and to the Frost which got into the Cell; I apprehend they were Chilblains.

Did Colonel Defpard ever say to you, that he was accustomed to have Chilblains in cold Weather ? — No,

Did Colonel Defpard state to you, at that Time, that he had applied for medical Assistance ? — He did not.

Did you recommend to Colonel Defpard to apply lor medical Assistance ? — No.

Inform the Committee, whether you few Colonel Defpard at the Time of your Second Visit ? — I did

Was he in the same Cell in which you found him on your former Visit ? — No.

Inform the Committee where he was, and in what State you found him ? — I found him in a Room by himself, with a Fire.

What Articles of Furniture were there in the Room?

— Nothing but a Bed.

Did Colonel Defpard make any Complaint to you of his Treatment? — In consequence of Questions put by me to him, he informed me of the Particulars before stated.

After you Had asked him One or Two Questions, did he proceed to give you a full Account, or was you obliged! to draw it from him Question by Question? — The greater Part of the Account I was obliged to draw from

hint

3o Geo. III. 190 Ap453

him Question by Question, but some of his Answers went further than the direct Point I asked.

Withdrew.

' John R, Esquire,

Called in, and Examined. *

Mr. Rtevn. Have you, since the Month of April last, frequently

l. — v/ — / visited the Cold Rath Fields Prison? — Not frequently;

I have been there twice; once in , about the

20th, and the next Time, in the Month of about the latter End.

Had you any particular Reason for visiting it in Novembers'- — An Irish Gentleman, a Mr. , had

frequently reprel'ented to me that Colonel Defpard was under very fhrict Confinement, and suffered great Hard-ships; to which I had given no Attention, not believing it to be a Confinement that was improper, till this Time in the Month of November, when, upon his repeating it, and the Weather being severe, I thought I w'ould go and lee with my own Eyes, being a Magistrate of the County, what Sort of Confinement it was. We got into a Hackney Coach, Mr. L and I, and then I went to

the i'riion for the First Time.

Did you find the Representation made by Mr. Lawless, on the Part of Colonel Defpardt to be true? — 1 cannot answer to the Whole of that; I had heard many Particulars that I did not enquire into, but I ob« served the Place where he was, which I can describe, and which any Body may fee.

Was the Cell in which Colonel Defpard was confined damp ? — I cannot say I noticed any Symptoms of Damp-neis, but the Door opened into the outward Air, and any Person can judge, as well as myself, whether such a Place is subject to Dampness.

Was the Cell exposed to be made wet with a driving Rain from the Situation of the Door, or from any other Cause ? — There was nothing I noticed but the Manner in which the Door shut upon the Thrclhold, that was when 1 was there the Second Time with the Surveyor and some Magistrates; it was then agreed, that if there was a beating Rain upon the Door, it would most likely enter under the Door.

Was it stated to you that any Damp had got under the Door? — 1 do not remember that Particular.

What Furniture was there in the Cell ? — I do not remember seeing any Furniture but the Bedding, which

lay upon the Bedhead.

Did Colonel Defpard make any Complaints to you of the Treatment he received? — He made no Complaint at all to me neither of the Times; I law him each Time.

I Did Colonel Defpard know that you was a Magistrate?

— 1 do not know that he did.

Did you make any Representations to Government, or to the Acting Magistrates, in consequ^nce of your "Vilit to the Prison ? — 1 immediately went in the same Hackney Coach down to Whitehall, and not finding Mr.

Wickham, I wrote a private Letter to him, saying, that I had frequently been prelied to interpose about Colonel Defpard's Confinement; that I had not been induced to attend to such Representations till the severe Weather had let in; that I had that Morning gone to the Place as a Magistrate to fee it with my own Eyes, and that I took the Liberty of submitting to him, to be laid before the Duke of Portland, if he thought proper, that the Sort of Confinement, which Colonel Defpard was in, in that Season of the Year, was, in my Opinion, more severe than was necessary for a Person committed on Sul] ficion for laic Custody only, being a Person of Rani;

Vol. 54.

in the Army, and who had served His Majesty as a Go- c|'ort ° vernor Abroad; that I did not pretend to lay any Thing Fields as to any supposed Crime; I spoke merely of the Nature CQutinUiJ. of his Confinement in that Season of the Year; 1 believe I added, there were some other Persons confined in the v , VIII same Range of Cells, of whom I did not pretend to say any Thing, but it would be for the Duke to determine whether he would give the same Easement to all of them.

In what State of Health did Colonel Defpard appear to be when you saw him, and made your Representation?

— I did not notice any Thing respeifting his Health, nor did I hear any Thing from him, and I saw him twice that Day, once in the Court where the Cells are, and once in the Clerk's Room.

Did Mr. Lawless state to you, that the Health of Colonel Defpard had suffered in consequence of his severe Treatment? — He did; but I myself made no . Enquiries about it. I found him walking up and down the Yard as the other Prisoners were.

Was any Notice given of your Intention to visit the Prison before your Arrival there ? — There could be no Notice, for the going the re was a sudden Determination of mine upon Mr. Lawless repeating his Representations.

Upon our Arrival there, I desired Mr. to go

with the Keeper, as Colonel Defpard might speak more freely to him than to me, flaying myself in die Clerk's Room. Mr. Lawless came back, said he had seen the Place, and talked to him, and desired I would go and fee it also: Before this Mr. Arts had come into the Clerk's Room, and we all went together to the Yard, and to the Cell; it was then I found Colonel Defpard Handing in the Yard.

When did Mr. Lawless first make a Representation to you of Colonel DefpardsSituation? — I think it mud

be as far back as the Month of Ju.

Did you examine the Bedstead in Colonel Defpards Room? — I did not examine the Bedstead or Bedding, but it seemed to me, looking at it at a Distance, without Examination, to be much such a Bed as may be leert in Long Chamber, and such as I have slept in myself at Eton.

Was it placed against the Wall? — It was; it was dole to the Wall on Three b'ides.

Was Mr. Lawless a long Time with Colonel Defpard before he returned to you? — It might, perhaps, be Ten Minutes.

Did you leave the Prison before Mr. Lawless — No, we came away together.

Did Mr. Lawless ever tell you by what Means he had heard of the severe Treatment of Colonel — I

think I understood it was from the Information of Colonel Defpard's Wife, who used to be permitted to

fee him.

Did you ever visit the Prison after your Application to the Duke of Portland? — I did not, except the Visit I before mentioned, the latter Part of , which was

during the Examination made by the Magistrates at the Sessions House into the State of the Prison. One Morning, when we broke up, I proposed to several of the Magistrates to go there, wishing myself again to see the Place, which I had not sufficiently noticed when I made the First Visit: Mr. Groves and Mr. Soane, both of them Surveyors, were of the Party, and it was with them we had the Discussion about the Structure of the Door, as before mentioned.

Did you then fee Colonel Defpard? — I then saw Colonel Defpard, once walking in a Yard, and afterwards, when we all went to see the new Room that he was put into upstairs: I staid behind the Magistrates upon that Occasion, and had some Converlation with him.

3 Z Had

Report on Cold Bath Fields Prison, continued,.

Mr, Reeves,

Mr. JacSfcn *

Mr.irickbam.

Apnendix,

N"3-

Appendix, N° 4.

Appendix, N° 5 *

Appendix,

N 6.

Appendix, N° 7-

454 19° Aprilis. A. 1799-

Had Colonel Defpard better Accommodation than upon your First Visit, previous to your lleprefcntation to Mr. Wickham ? — He was in a Room upstairs, with a

Fire and Glass Windows; he expressed himt'elf very thankful for the Change, and he said he was very comfortable.

Had he any Chair or Table? — Yes, he had.

State the particular Periods of the Distance of Time you saw Colonel Defpard on your first Visit? — I do not remember whether he came with us into the Clerk's Room, or whether he followed us.

Withdrew. '

Jovis, 21° die Martii 1799.

Mr. Jac

Called in, and Examined.

Have you visited the Cold Bath Fields Prison since the Month of Aprillaft, and how often? — Only once, about the 8 th of September. Withdrew.

William Wickham, Esquire, Called in,-and Examined:

Do you recollect about what Time the first Repre-fentation was made to you relative to Colonel s

Situation in the Cold Bath Fields Prifop ? — I cannot exactly recollect; but I can produce all the Letters received at the Office from Mrs. Defpard — The First is a Letter without a Date, but think it was sent soon after the Commitment of Colonel Defpard — The Second Letter is without a Date — The Third is a Letter f om me addressed to the Keeper of the Cold Bath Fields Prison, dated 4th May 1798; I also gave a verbal In-struclion to the Keeper of the Prison to allow Colonel Defpard to have any Books, except those of a political Nature. — I have another Letter from Mrs. Defpard to Mr., Ford, without a Date, but which I think was writ-

ten subsequent to the 4th of May, and previous to the 5th of June — I understood from Mr. Ford that he had t-old Mrs. Defpard that the proper Person to address was the Duke of Portland or me, in consequence of which I received a Letter, which I now produce. [Produces a Letter from Mrs. Defpard to Mr. Wickham, dated 6th June.] I never received any other Letters, except perhaps a Card, wishing to fee me. — I immediately carried the last Letter to the Duke of Portland, who considered the Whole of it, and directed me to fend for the Gaoler-, and give these general Instructions, without entering into a Detail, that Colonel Defpard should receive every Indulgence that the Nature of the Commitment, keeping in View the Nature of the Warrant in which the Word " dole" is used, and by which I understand " separate Confinement, and the Safety of " his Person," for which he was strictly answerable, would possibly admit, but paying Attention to Colonel Defpard's Situation in Life, provided his Conduct should merit it.

What were the Reasons which induced Government, confident with your Knowledge, to commit Colonel Defpard to separate Confinement in a House of Correction, in place of fending him to Newgate or any other Prison? — 1 humbly conceive that there are some of the Reasons which I cannot, confidently with my official Duty, or with the public Safety, at present disclose; there are others which 1 conceive may be revealed: At the Moment when Colonel Defpard was arrested, the Arrest of a very considerable Number of Persons was immediately in contemplation; it was not known, from Day to Day, to what Extent those Arrests might go; the Rebellion was expedited to break put every Day in

Ireland, and an Invasion in one or other of the Countries Mr Wickham.

was hourly expected. Government having Knowledge v — v '

of the Charge against each Person arrested, and against

each of those it was in Contemplation to arrest, did take

into Consideration the Manner in which all those Persons

could be confined with the least Danger to the State,

arising from their possible Means of communicating

with each other; no Question about the Nature of the

Gaol as a House of Correction was under the Considera-

tion of Government; its Object was, having Relation

to the Circumstances previously stated> the providing

safe Custody and Room for so large a Number of

Prisoners, and classing them in such a Manner as that

those, whose Communications with each other might be

dangerous, should be kept apart.

Was there any Period, between the 25th of April and '

the 25th of November, during which the Confinement of Colonel Defpard might have been less rigorous without Danger to the State? — It being a Matter of Opinion, I do not think myself competent to answer; but I know that during the whole Time that the Irish Rebellion was raging, and that Armaments were failing or about to fail from France to the Coast of Ireland, and particularly after the first Check the Rebels received.

Numbers of them were coming over here, and carrying on a Communication with their own Country on one Side, and with France, through the Medium of Hamburgh, on the other; Government had the strongest Reason to consider the Country to be in a State of Danger, and did so consider it. I have, however, no Hesitation in saying, that a more early Application of the Nature of that made by Mr. Reeves, coming from good Authority, would have been attended to, as far as ref'pects the Mode of Confinement in that House.

State to the Committee what passed, consistently with your Knowledge, relative to Colonel Defpard, subsequent to the 6th of June, and the Duke of Portland's Instructions of that Date? — The same Day, or the next,

I wrote to Mrs. Defpard, requesting her to call upon me; the came in consequence, and I examined her as to all the Points contained in her Letter; I, after having heard her Statement, sent for the Gaoler, and gave him the Instructions that I was directed to do by the Duke of Portland-, I particularly mentioned the Circumstance of his Wife being permitted to fee him with more Liberty, and I mentioned particularly, that he should make some Distinction between Colonel Defpard and the other Prisoners; I rather think I added a Reserve of this Kind, provided he behaved in a Manner conformable to his former Situation in Life; and with respect to that Part of the Instructions that I gave him for his Wife's seeing him with more Freedom, the Gaoler answered me, that the Indulgence which had been given, in consequence of my Letter of the 4th of May, had been ftiamefully abused; that I.otters and Papers had been carried in and out, and I think he said, one of the Wives of the Prisoners had behaved very violently, and collected a Mob about the Prison: I think I gave Directions at the same Time, that Colonel Defpard should have the same Allowance as those confined in Newgate.

I then questioned the Gaoler as to the Complaints stated in Mrs. Defpard'sLetter, as to the rigorous Man-

ner in which her Husband was confined; he allured me, that this Account was grossly exaggerated, but that he certainly should have the belt Accommodation that the Prison could afford. — I with to add, to what I have before stated, that I was ableat about a Week, in the Month of September, during \yhich Time it is possible that a Letter may have been lent by Mrs. Defpard, which I never received.

Did the Gaoler ever complain to you of Colonel Defpard's Conduct at that Time? — Never, previously to the 25th of November.

Has

3o Geo. III. 19® A455

lit,-.Wickham. Has he since? — Frequently; but I cannot charge my

— ----- -' Memory with the Particulars: I with to add to the

Evidence given before, that Mr. Reeves, somewhere about the 23d of November, wrote to me a Letter, dating that he had visited the Prison, dating some more of the Circumstances of Colonel s Confinement which

required Redress, I carried that Letter the same Day to the Duke of Portland, and by the Duke's Directions I desired Air. Ford,a Magistrate for the County of Middlesex, to go to the Prison, and examine it himself, and report if there was not, in fact, some Apartment in which Colonel Dcfpard could be confined with more Comfort and Convenience to himself, and to extend his Enquiry into the Situation of the other Prisoners; and in consequence of Air. Ford's verbal Report to me, this Letter Appendix, was written [Produces a Letter from the Duke of N d- land, directed to Air. Arts, Governor of the Cold Bath

Fields Prison, dated 24th 1798.] I have full

Persuasion in my own Mind, I have fipoken more than

once to the Gaoler, between his Commitment and the 25th November, to give every Indulgence to Colonel Dcfpard, confidently with the lafe Cudody of his Person, and his separate Confinement.

Withdrew.

Mr.

Again called in, and Examined.

Was the Cell damp ? — It was; I think it could not cola b" be otherwise from the Situation of the Place, as the Field.. Prison, Rain and Snow might beat under and over the continued.

L>OOr. Mr -Jackfcn.

Did Colonel Defpard seem to be in a bad State of Health ? — He looked very indifferently from the Time I lad law him, about Two Years before.

Did he make any Complaint to you of his Treatment ? — He observed to me, that he was locked up in his Cell about Four o'Clock in the Afternoon, without a Candle, or without being permitted to have any Book at any Time of the Day to amuse him; that he had neither Knife, Fork, or Spoon.

Did he say he was permitted to go into the Garden?

— He said, he never had been.

Was his Cell on the Ground Floor ? — Tes.

Did you notice the Quality of the Food ? — I did;

I thought it very indifferent, and such as I would not have eat on any Account, it was so mangled; I did not perceive it was so bad as not to be eat, but such as no Gentleman would like to be forced to eat.

Do you mean to say, if the Food was not so mangled, whether you looked upon it so indifferent as not fit for a Person to eat ? — No, I do not mean to say so.

JIlk Jackson.

Did you fee Colonel Defpard on the 8th of September t — I did; when I went to the Prison with the Duke of Portland's Order for Admission, Colonel Defpard was lent for, and we were, seated between the Grating at the Entrance of the Prison; we fat there nearly Half an Hour; the Clerk of the Prison, upon seeing us there, desired me to walk into his Office, and Colonel Defpard to accompany me; upon entering the Office, Colonel Defpard observed it was the first Time he was admitted to have had that Honour; we fat for some Time in the Presence of Air. nearly an

Hour. I a/ked Mr. Nicholson'sPermission to see the Prison; he observed, that it was not usually granted, but that I might have that Indulgence: Shortly after a decent looking Man appeared, upon Enquiry I found it was Air. Airis's Son. I was permitted to see the Prison, accompanied by Mr. Nicho/fon, and particularly Colonel Defpard's Cell; Air. Nicholson {hewed me into the

Cell; 1 viewed it with Horror and Astonishment; the Room appeared to be about Five or Six Feet wide, and Seven Feet in Length; there was neither Chair or Table, but as a Substitute for a Table was the Colonel's Portmanteau, on which was a Bowl or Bason of Water; the Bed appeared to me very indifferent, about Six Incises from the Ground, and the Head and one Side close to the Wall, and a coarse Rug upon it; a Stone Floor, without any Cafcment; there was an Opening over the Door; I lamented to Mr. that a Gentleman of Colonel Defpard1 s Rank and Situation in Life should be so unhappily circumstanced; that i had known the Colonel for Twenty Years; that I was well acquainted with his Services to his King and Country; that I believed a more humane, benevolent, or honourable Gentleman, never existed. On my' Return Colonel Defpard wras in the Kitchen, where the Cooks were cutting the Meat for the Dinner of the Prisoners, about One of the Clock; the Meat I-observed was in large wooden Bowls, cut into irregular Pieces; I asked, if that was for the Prisoners ? I adeed Colonel Dcfpard if he was to be of that Mels ? lie replied in the Affirmative, that he {hared in common with the ether Prisoners; that when he was served, it w;as in a Bowl or Platter, without Knife, Fork, or Spoon; that his /Allowance was One Pint of Porter per Day for his Drink; one Half he drank at

his Dinner, and the other in the Evening. I asked him, if he was permitted the Use of Spirits or Wine ? lie laid. No, he was not.

Vol. 54-

Did you apply y'our Observation merely to the mangled Appearance of the Meat ? — I did not; I thought the Aleat very indifferent of its Kind, but such a? might be eaten.

Had it any bad Smell ? — It looked coarse, but had no bad Smell.

Did Colonel Defpard make any Complaint respecting his Food ? — He did; of the bad Quality, and the Manner it was served to him.

Did he tell you he had made Representations to the Gaoler, or Magistrates, on the Subject ? — He did; I think to Air. Aris; but he had met with no Redress.

Did Colonel Defpard say what Time he was allowed to go out of his Cell ? — I think he said he was allowed from Four to Six Hours of Exercise in the Yard immediately opposite to his Cell.

Did he make any Complaint of Airs. s not

being admitted to fee him, and what ? — He did not complain of not being permitted to fee her, but that he could not fee her in his Cell.

.Did he complain of Chilblains or Ulcers ? — He did not. Withdrew.

Martis, 2° die Aprilis, 1799.

Richard Ford, Esquire,

Galled in, and Examined.

Did you, some Time in the Month of November 1798, go to the Prison in Cold Bath Fields? — I did.

Do you remember the Time ? — Towards ‘the End of November.

What was your Inducement for going the re at that Time ? — In consequence of the Directions of the Secretary of State, communicated to me by Mr. IVickham.

Did you find it necessary to order better Accommodations for any of the Prisoners ? — I did, for some of the State Prisoners.

1 State to the Committee, if you recoiled, who those Prisoners w'ere ? — Their Names were Evans, Defpard, Bone, Kier, IVebb, and Robarts.

In

Mr. Fonts V — , ——

456 i o° A 1799.

cMdB nK . W^at did you make their Condition bet-

FieMs Prison ter ? — -I ordered them to be removed from the Places continued, where they were then confined into a Room which was Mr. Ford, hoarded, had Glass Windows, and where they might wv-.- have a Fire.

Did you fee Colonel Defpavd ? — I did.

In what Situation did you find Colonel —

He was walking up and down a Yard, under a Pent-house Covering.

Did you fee his Cell ? — I did.

Describe' to the Committee the Cell of Colonel Defpard f — I law what was his Bed; I think I law a Trunk or Two; I saw some Books; there was no Fire Place; there were no Glass Windows.

Do you remember to have seen any Chair or Table?

— I rather think there was neither.

Do you know how many Hours in the Day Colonel Di'spard was allowed to go out of his Cell ? — I do not.

What Alterations did you make in the Situation and Treatment of Colonel — I made no particular

Alterations with respect to him; he was included with the rest in the Alterations above stated.

Did your Instructions go to the making his Situation better than the rest ? — My Instructions were quite general, to do what I thought proper, and I made no Exception.

Do you know whether, in fad. Colonel Situation was, in consequence of your Visit, rendered better than that of the other Prisoners ? — -It was rendered better, in as much as he had a Room to himself, but that was not by my particular Desire, though I afterwards approved of it.

Did Colonel Defpard make any Complaint of ill Treatment ? — He said that if he suffered Ten Times as much he would not complain j I understood him by that to mean, not that he did not think he had some Cause to complain, but that for some Motive or other he would not do so.

Did Colonel Defpard appear to you to be in a bad State of Health ? — I have not seen Colonel Defpard often; and I did not observe any Alteration in his Appearance, except as to Drcfs.

When did you fee him before ? — I do not think I had seen him since his Examination before the Secretary , of State.

Was you induced to order a different Apartment for him in the Prison on account of the Severity of the Weather, or from any other Caule ? — -Entirely bccaul'e the Weather begun to be bad, and the Winter was approaching.

Do you officially know, whether the Conduct of the State Prisoners, since they have been confined in the same Room, has been more or less orderly than before? — 'The Governor of the Prison has stated to me, it has been rather more disorderly.

Have any Papers been found lately concealed in that Room ? — There have been very lately.

What was the general Description of those Papers ? — The Papers were written, containing Representations of their Situations, which appeared to have been meant to have been published; there were Papers of Correspondence from one or more of the State Prisoners in Newgate; there was a Letter-from Colonel Defpardt not addressed to any l'erson; there were Drafts of Petitions to this Committee; there was a Publication of Dr. G/af'e's relative to the Prison, with written Remarks, and there were a few other Papers.

7

When did you discover these Papers ? — I heard of the Mr. Ford, Discovery the Day that it was made, and the Papers u-v — »

were brought to me on that Day; it was one Day in lull Week. '

Toy ou know where, or upon whom, those Papers were found ? — Some few of the Papers were found upon the Persons of some of the Prisoners, but the greater Part was concealed up the Chimney.

By whom was all this Information given to you ? —

From a Police Officer, from the Governor and Surgeon of the Prison, and from the Examination of some of the Prisoners themselves, made by me at the Prison.

Have you been in the Habit of visiting the Prison previous to the 25 th of November last ? — I may have been there Three or Four Times; I have generally gone upon some Subject regarding the State Prisoners *

Did you, in any of those Visits, hear of any Complaint against the Governor of the Prison ? — No; I had no particular Converiation with any of the Prisoners.

Had the Prisoners an Opportunity of making such Complaint if they had thought proper ? — I do not think they had.

Do you consider the Prisoners being in a Room together, as at present, and having Access to their Friends, to have occasioned any improper Conduct in themselves, or improper Communication without the Prison ? — I consider that, in many Instances, their having Communication with their Friends has been attended with improper Consequences.

Do you think this is more the same now they are constantly together ? — They always had an Opportunity of communicating together.

As the Prisoners cannot communicate with their Friends, except in the Presence of the Governor or some other Officer about the Prison, what improper Consequences can arile from the Communication ? —

The receiving improper and seditious Papers.

Did you go to the Prison in Cold Bath Fields on the 3 xft of December 1798 ? — Yes.

What was your Inducement for going the re at that Time ? — I was directed to go there by the Secretary of State.

What Instructions did you receive from the Secretary of State upon that Occasion ?- — To examine the Governor relative to a late Vilit that Sir Francis Bur Jett had made to the House of Correction.

Was the Governor sworn before you on that Day ? —

He was.

Is the Deposition in the printed Paper, which has been shewn to you, to the belt of your Recollection, a correct Copy ? — -It is.

Do you particularly remember that Passage, which states, " That the Prisoners have Opportunities of " getting further Provision, cither from what their " Friends fend them or they can buy r" — I do not particularly recollect that Pass'ge; but as I took down the Governor's Words myself, I am very confident that that must have been said by him.

Was the Deposition, after it was taken down by you in Writing, read distinctly to the Governor before he subscribed it ? — I rather think I gave it him to read before he signed it.

Was any Complaint, and what, made by any of the Friends of the Prisoners of their Treatment previous to the 25th of November? — I recollect Mrs. Evans more than once, representing her Husband's being too ciolciy confined; and 1 once heaid one of the Prisoneis, ly the

Name

ifr. k,ri.

itrs.DefparJ.

4$ Geo. III. ip0 Aprilis. 457

Name of Oxlade, who was afterwards bailed, com- Did he make any Complaint of the Meat or Provi- £ £3^ plaining that once the Meat was tainted. I gave Mrs. fions he so purchased ? — No, he did not complain of Fields Prison. Evans, in consequence. Orders to fee-, her Husband i the Meat he purchased; he complained after of the Pro-which I understood was sometimes refused by the Go- visions, when the Allowance was given by Govern- Mrs Vernor on Account of her Misbehaviour. ment.

Of what Nature was his Complaint ? — He laid, the Beef was coarse, and sometimes tainted in the Summer) of the Mutton he could make a Dinner.

Did he complain of the Tea,-or Nature of his Break-fall ? — He requelled of me one Day to lend him a Stone Mug, as he did not like the Tin Pot that was usually sent.

Do you know from whom the Secretary of State received Information that Sir Francis Visits had

produced Inconveniencies in the Prison ? — I believe from the Governor.

Did the Communication pass through you ? — No.

Withdrew.

Mrs. Defpard

Called in, and Examined.

How loon after Colonel j Confinement was

you first admitted to fee him ? — About Fifteen Days after.

In whose Presence, and in what Situation, was you first admitted to fee him ? — In the Presence of aTurnkey, within the Two Gates in the Yard.

How long was you permitted to Hay ? — A few Minutes.

Was you afterwards admitted to visit him, and for a longer Time ? — On my next Vilit, about Two or Three Days after, I was told I could not fee him within the Two Gates, but between them; this I positively rc-fused.

In consequence of that Refusal, or On any Application from you, was you afterwards admitted to visit him in any other Manner ? — In consequence of this I wrote to the Duke of Portland, requelling to fee him in a different Manner; I received no Answer; this continued for about Three Weeks; in the mean Time I conllantly called to know if I could fee him in a different Manner, and was told I could not; I then requelled of young Aris, that I might write a few Lines to the Colonel, in which I positively declared, however long he continued there, I would never fee him in that unplcafant Manner; at the End of Three Weeks from my first Visit, Colonel Defpard was brought to one Gate; the Gate was locked; he was within and I was without; this -continued till about Jil/y.

Did you never fee him in any other Way than you have described, with the Gate between you ? — Never till July.

Was you in July admitted to fee him in a different Manner, and how ? — The Gate was opened, and I walked in; we fat down together on a Pile of Bricks; sometimes we walked to and fro before the Lodge, but no further in the Court.

How long at one Time was you permitted to Hay with the Colonel after being admitted within the Gate ? — From Twelve to Two o'Clock.

Had the Colonel at any Time the Use of Books? — -He never had from me, till after the 25th of November.

Do you mean till after he was removed to the Room where he now is ? — I mean till after that Time.

Did you ever fee the Cell, in which the Colonel Was first confined ? — Never.

Do you think the Colonel's Health materially injured by his Confinement ? — It was very much so, during the Time he staid in the Cell, but since I think he looks much better.

When you say he looks much better, do you mean he is well ? — Yes; the Colonel tells me he has got rid of the Rheumatism, of which he much complained when he was in the Cell. I wish to Hate, in addition to my former Evidence, that a Baker, by my Desire, sent Veal and Pease once a Week to the Colonel, and a Fruit Pye once a Fortnight; Biscuits and Cheese most commonly every Two or Three Weeks, and sometimes a Fowl. In respect of what I have said-of the Colonel's Health, I beg to add, that when he was in the Cell, he said he had Chilblains, which were disagreeable and painful, and desired I would fend him some Stuff, which I got from a Doctor's, and he used it.

Withdrew.

[A Letter from Mr, Reeves to the Chairman produced and read.]

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Reeves be called in, and examined;

It passed in the Negative.

Mrs. Defpard

Being again called in, said, Ihe asked Mr, Aris why Colonel Defpard was removed from the Room in which he was originally confined previous to his Commitment ? he said, that Room was pre-engaged, but if Colonel Defpard would give Two Guineas a Week, he might have another equally good. The Money was allotted by the Magistrates for the Benefit of the County. Withdrew.

Was you ever admitted to walk with the Colonel in the Garden of the Prison ? — No, never.

When you fat or walked with the Colonel in the Court, was any Turnkey or other Person attending to watch your Discourse ? — Always, till about the latter End of July, and then he did not attend.

Were you at any Time from his Commitment permitted to supply him with any Provisions ? — In consequence of Information given me, I asked the Colonel if I should fend him Meat; he said No, if I would fend him Money he would purchase it in the Prison to avoid Contention. I have been accustomed to fend him Fruit, Cheese, and Biscuits, for his Supper.

Vol. 54 %

Mercurit, 3 die Aprilis 1799.

a

Lord Hervey

Called in, and Examined.

Did you go to Cold Bath Fields Prison in Company with Sir Francis Burdett ? — I did. % -

Do you remember the Time of this Visit to the Prison? — About the Beginning of January last.

Had you an Order of Admission from some Ma- \ giflrate ? — We had.

From whom ? — I believe from Mr.

6 A Had

A. 1799.

Report on Wad each of you a separate Older of Admission ?- — ~c,°,ld„B?th No, a joint Order.

Fields Prison, J

ttntmued.- Were you refused Admission ? — Yes.

LordHcricyi Did you another Visit to the Prison fhbsequent

to this Time ? — I did, under an Order signed by Mr. Ford at the Duke of Portland's Office.

Do you remember the Time' ? — The 4th and the 7th

of January.

Were you admitted at each Time to see the Prison? — I was.

Did Mr. Arts shew you the Prison upon both Occasions ? — He did.

Had you any Conversation with Mr. Aris respecting Sir Francis Burdett? — I think he told me, that since Sir Francis's Vilits the Prisoners had become more riotous.

Did any Thing further pass in Conversation with the Governor respecting Sir Francis Burdett? — I remember asking him if any Thing particular passed between Sir Francis Burdett and the Prisoners, which he the Governor thought particularly objectionable; I think his Phrase was, he could not say that, but that he made them discontented and riotous, by pitying their Situation, and observing, that it was not a fit Place for them to be in.

Of what Class of Prisoners do you mean to speak, when you say pitying them, &c. ? — 1 believe, principally, the Mutineers.

From the Observation you made, in your Visit to the Cold Bath Fields Prison, Hate your general Opinion as to the State of it ? — It was perfectly clean, and seemed to be well kept, and the Governor seemed to be particularly attentive to it; the Hospital {truck me as being in remarkable good Condition; the Food seemed very good. I was in the Kitchen at Dinner Time, and observed the Pots set out for each Prisoner; I took out the Meat from Two, each of which weighed as near Seven Ounces as possible. I asked the Prisoners about the Bread; they'laid, they had about One Pound each. Daily, and in cold Weather a Quart of Gruel; 1 likewise law, both Days, Dinners preparing for the State Prisoners; there were Two Legs of Mutton boiled one Day, and Two Legs of Pork the other Day; the Two weighed Ten Pounds; I weighed them with the Prison Weights. Colonel Defpard sDinner was drelfed fepa-lately. I with to add, that I converted with several of the Mutineers, who happened to be brought down into ♦lie Governor's Apartment to be l'carclied, on Account of some Charge made against them, to whom the Governor said I might put any Questions. Several of them told me they had been very mildly treated; one particularly laid, he had a Quart of Gruel and Broth Four Times a Week, and the other Allowance as above described; he said they had never been put into Irons until Seven had actually escaped; another Hated the same Thing, and thought their Allowance of Meat more, than Half a Pound; one of then! told me, that the Governor had forwarded a Petition from them, for their Reprieve, to Lord Duncan. One of them admitted he had heard the other Mutineers talk of the Conspiracy to murder the Governor's Son. One of the Mutineers complained of his Treatment, but in such a Manner as made no Impression on my Mind.

Withdrew.

John Courtenay, Esquire,

Called in, and Examined.

Mr.Courtmny. Did you visit the Cold Bath Fields Prison in Com-

v — v — party with Sir Francis B, and at what Time ? — Yes,

in December 1798 or January lass, and at thpl Time

Had you much Conversation with the Prisoners, oai the Treatment shewn them by the Governor, or on other Subjects ? — No; I only spoke to Colonel and

Smith the Bookseller, who was pointed out to me by Mr. Bofville.I said to Smith, I was sorry to fee him

look so ill; he said he was ill in consequence of the severe Cold he had fufTered when confined in his Cell. I then asked him, when he suffered so much, why he did not apply to the Magistrates ? he said he frequently had, but that instead of meeting with Redress, he met with Insult frdm one in particular, who said he was worse than a Felon, and he appealed for the Truth of it td Mr. Nic/iolfon, who was present. After I left Smith I {aw the medical Person, and told him how apprehensive Smith was of being sent back to his Cell, and having a Return of his Complaint; he said that he had been very ill, and humanely added, that as the Time of his Confinement was almost at an End, he would take Care he should continue in the Infirmary.

Was you acquainted with Mr. Smith before you faW him in the Prison P — I had leen him before, but did not recollect him; I had seen him Three or Four Years ago at his Shop, where I bought something.

Did Colonel Defpard make any Complaint to you ? — Yes; I went into his Room, where there was a Fire; he complained of his firit Arrest in March; that he had been confined in a Cell without a Fire Place or Window, and treated as one of the Vagrants who was confined for Punishment. lie laid, in about the

22d, he was again confined, having been before released after about Three Weeks Confinement, and confined in a Cell without Fire or Candle, and had continued in that Way until the 20th of November, when he had been removed, he believed by the intercession of Mr.

This was mentioned not originally as a . Complaint to me, but in the Course of Conversation, after Colonel Defpard had recollected me.

Had you any Conversation with the Felons ? — Not one Word.

Did you hear any Conversation between Sir Francis Burdftt and the Prisoners? — No; while I was with Colonel Defpard Sir Francis Burdett and Mr. Bofville left me, and went to other Parts of the Prison.

Did you observe any Thing in the Conduct of Sir Francis Burdett tending to disturb the Discipline or Peace of the Prison ? — No.

How long was Sir Francis Burdett and Mr. Bofville absent while you was with Colonel Defpard ? — Perhaps Half an Hour; I think I was left alone with Colonel Defpard that Time.

From the Time Sir Francis Burdett, Mr. Bofville, and yourself entered the Prison, were Sir Francis Burdett and Mr. Bofville, until they left you, in Colonel s

Room ? — Yes.

Withdrew.

' — — Bofville, Esquire,

Called in, and Examined.

Were you at the Cold Bath Fields Prison with Sir Mr. BJvifa Francis Burdett, and at what Time ? — I do not recollect;

the Day, but I was with him the first Time.

Was Sir Francis Burdett with you during the whole Time you were in the Prison ? — He was.

Had you any Conversation with the Prisoners, and what ? — I spoke to Colonel Defpard; I knew him; he asked me who the Gentleman was that was with me, and

I told

39 Geo. III.

19

] ifr.Bt/ville. I told him; Colonel then reminded Mr.

u — v — Courtenay of having seen him in Ireland, when Colonel Defpard was in the 50th Regiment. I think he said he had got into a better Place than he had been in; he had got a Fire.

Had y6u any Conversation with th'c Felons; No; I do not call a few short Questions Conversation; such as, " What are you here for?" I spoke to Smith, who I had known before; 1 said, you do not look so well as formerly. I asked him if he was . not very cold in a solitary Cell? he said, " Yes, mord so on a Bread and Water Day than on a Broth Day."

Did you hear any Conversation between Sir Francis Burden and the Prisoners? — rI did not.

Did the Perfort who attended you make any Rem'on-flrance to Sir Francis. Bur deft upon his Conduct ? — Not in my Hearing; I was not always with Sir Francis den , I was sometimesa little before him.

Was you so near as to have heard it, if any such Remo nftrance had been made ? — I think I should.

Did you observe any Thing in the Conduct of Sir Francis Burdett tending to disturb the Peace or Discipline of the Prison? — Not in the least.

Did Sir Francis Burdett make any Observations respecting the Prisoners or Prison, aloud, in the Hearing of the Prisoners ? — I did not hear him make any.

W as Sir Francis Burdett at any Time apparently speaking when you did not hear what he said? — I did not observe that he was, the most Part of the Day I went first with the Person who shewed the Prison.

Did you particularly attend to any Tiling which passed in the Conversation of Sir Francis Burdett ? — I did not; at Times I was talking myself to another Person before him, but at no great Distance.

With whom did he appear to be converting? — I do hot know any in particular.

Mr. BofvillebciAg asked, if he had any Thing to add

to his Evidence ? said, that in passing along the Gallery he heard a Cry in one of the Cells, which being opened, he law a Boy laying down; who informed him he cried from the Pain in his Arm, which seemed much swelled. He suggested to the Person that was with him the Propriety of his being lent to the Sick Ward; he laid it was the Surgeon's Affair; and he would speak to him immediately about it;

Had Sir Francis Burdeit any Conversation With the Mutineers? — No, noton the Day I was with him: We did not go into their Apartment.

Withdrew.

Rowland Bur don, Esquire;

Called in, and Examined.

Mr. Bur Jon. Did you go to the Cold Bath Fields Prison with Mr.

Matthew, and when? — 1 did about the End of December.

Had you any, and what Conversation with Colonel Defpard while at the Prison? — 1 went there on day the 26th of December, in consequence of observing a Letter signed Catherine Defpard in the Paper of Monday, and desired Mr. Matthew to accompany me, as I felt anxious to ascertain the Truth or Falsehood of the Statement contained in that Letter, having previously given, in my Place in the House of Commons, my Opinion of the Conduct of the Visiting Magistrates and Governor of Cold Bath Fields, and the State of that . ^Prison, On our going thither, we met the Governor and Surgeon in the Court Yiyd of the Prison. Mr. Matthew, who is a Magistrate, desired that Colonel Vol. 54.

Uis. 45 9

e *

Defpard might be called before us. I told Colonel Defpard that I had come there in consequence of seeing the before-mentioned Letter, and that 1 wished to know whether he had any Complaint to make relative to the Treatment he had received in the Prison, and what might be the Nature of it. His Answer was, that he had no Complaint to make against the Governor, or the Treatment he had experienced in the Prison; that his Complaint was against the Duke of Portland, as Secretary of State, having sent and detained him there, without bringing him to his Trial, under the Susperilion of the Habeas Corpus Act; that until the 25th of November, he had been confined apart, but that since that Time, in consequence of Representations that had been made to Mr. Wickham, he had been treated with more Indulgence, and had had a Room, with a Fire and other Accommodations; that in the Beginning of November the Cold had affected him, being subject to the Rheumatism; and that he had had Chilblains on one of his Heels, but that he had made no Complaint, and was determined to make none, whatever Treatment he might have experienced, as he considered his Grievance to proceed entirely from the Treatment of the Secretary of State. I observed to him, that, if he made no Complaint to the Surgeon, or to any one, of those Chilblains, which were Hated to be Ulcers in Mrs. s

Letter, he could not tax the Surgeon, or' any other Person, with Neglect; but that it struck me that, with his Determination not to make any Complaint, it was extraordinary that a Complaint to the Public, through the Medium of Mrs. Defpard, had made its Way into the Newspaper. His Answer was, that he had not been consulted by his Wife, or any one, on the Subject of the Publication of that Letter, for if he had it would never have been published. He also said, that Mrs. Defpard had frequent Access to him, and without Restraint, for several Hours at a Time. After thi§ Conversation, I went to visit the Cell in which Colonel Defpard had been confined until the 25th of November, it having been Rated in that Letter that the Cell was damp, and I found it then, as w'ell as upon a preceding Visit, which I made about a Fortnight or Three Weeks before, to be perfectly dry and airy, though no Person, as they told me, had been confined in it since Colonel Defpard's Removal. Withdrew.

Jovis,4 die Apr His 179$.

Richard Wilson, Esquire,

Called in, arid Examined.

Did you accompany Sir Francis Ritrdtft to Cold Bath Fields Prison; and do you recollect about what Time? — I did, but I do not recoiled! the Time; I think towards the End of the Month of December last.

Had you an Orcler of Admission, and from whom ? — Sir Francis Burdett and I went to Mr, Conant, and got an Order from him; a joint Order; our Names were upon it as Members of Parliament.

Were you admitted into the Prison ? — We were.

Had you any Conversation with Mr. — In the

Course of our going through the Prison, we asked him several Questions relative to the State of the Prison and the Prisoners.

State to the Committee what passed during your Visit to the Prison, to the bell of your ltccollection? — After a very few Minutes Stay in the outer Court, we were conducted by the Gaoler, by the Desire of Sir Francis Burdett, to the Place where the Mutineers were confined; on our Way to that Part of the Prison I looked into a Place I was told was the Kitchen, where they were preparing the Dinner for the Convicts; anxious to satisfy

myself

Report on Cold Bath Fields Priioa continued *

Me. Bur don.

Mr Wilson *

kcport on Cold Bath Fields Prison continued.

Mr. Wilson. V. i " 9

1 90 Jprilis.

A. 1799.

myself of the Manner in which they were treated, I desired to taste some of the Mel's that was prepared for them, which I considered as extremely wholel'ome and comfortable; we then proceeded to the Cells of the Mutineers; the first Cell was opened to us; I confess I Was extremely {hocked, and nearly suffocated by the abominable Smell which issued upon the Opening of the Door; the Gaoler himself appeared a great deal astonished, and somewhat confounded, when 1 applied to him for the lleafon of the Cell being in that Situation. He made some Observations to the Prisoner about the Cause, and reprimanded him as if he had been inattentive in delivering his Chamber Pot to the Turnkey; the Man excused himself, and said that was not the Cause of the dreadful Stench that we smelt, and pointed to a Sort of Conduit Pipe which was directed to his Cell from the upper ones, and which he said had burst; that the Stench was occasioned by the Ordure and the Filth which the Prisoners above emptied into this Pipe; I think the Prisoner said his Room had been in that State for Eight Days, and that he had mentioned this Circumstance to the Turnkey. This Observation the Prisoner made in consequence of the Gaoler's asking why he had not given Directions to have it rectified. The next Cell we went into was that of one Doughty. This Man the Gaoler spoke very favourably of The Man said he had -no particular Complaint against the general Conduct of the Gaol, but that he was nearly starved in consequence of the very short Allowance of Provisions; that the Quantity of Meat, though Rated to be Half a Pound put into the Mess, he was lure did not exceed a Quarter, and appealed to us whether or not a Man could be supposed to exist upon that Allowance every other Day, with Fourteen Ounces of Bread, and the intermediate Days only the Fourteen Ounces of Bread. There was some flight Altercation between the Prisoner and the Gaoler upon this Subject, but I confess I myself was rather inclined to think that the Portion of Meat wasless than Haifa Pound. He said, he had suffered so much from Cold and Hunger, that he regretted he had not been executed after his Sentence; and upon some Conversation with Sir Francis , who had

ObferVed a Tobacco Pipe in the Cell, and asked Doughty if he had smoaked, which he said he had, and found it very comfortable, but he had discontinued it on account of Money, I a{ked the Gaoler whether he had any Objection to Money being left to furnish Tobacco for the Prisoners; he said, quite the contrary: I gave the Gaoler Three Guineas, which, together with Five Shillings, that Sir Francis Burdett gave to me, made up a Sum I thought sufficient to give a certain Quantity of Tobacco for each Prisoner in each Cell. We then went into One or Two other Cells, which we found much in the same State with Doughtys, which contained a Bed upon Two Oak Planks fixed in the Wall; they spoke much in the same Language as Doughty had done, until we came to a Cell in which a Man by the Name of Was; he was lying on his Bed in a very deplorable State indeed, scarcely able to answer the Questions we put to him with respect to his Complaint. The Gaoler, upon my asking him why this Man was permitted to remain in such a wretched State of Health, and in such Weather, said, he did not know he had been so ill, but that fie would fend the Surgeon to him, whispering me at the same Time that this IVolfe was a damned Rascal. IVolfe gave us to understand, and was not contradicted by the Turnkey, that he had been for a considerable Length of 'fime confined to his Bed, and contiqually lpitting Blood; he looked shockingly ill. The next Cell we went to, was one in which a Man by the Name of Davis was confined. T his Man was also well reported of by the Gaoler, but he loudly complained indeed of the Shortnels of his Provisions, and all'o of several Articles which had been brought to him in the Prison not being permitted to reach him. As a Proof of the Slendernels of his Provisions, he appealed to the Gaoler, whether or *

not he had not confide rabiy fallen A Way, reduced almost to a Skeleton since he came into the Prison. This the Gaoler disputed, and upon Sir Francis Burdett confirming what the Man bad said, from the different Appear ance he then made from the Time he had first seen him, the Gaoler offered to lay Sir Francis Burdett a Bet that he was not so reduced. This I objected to, considering it as extremely impertinent, that the Gaoler should make any such Proposition to Sir Francis Burdett. We then went into another Part of the Prison, upon Sir Francis Burden's defiling to fee a Mutineer by the Name of Jones (where a Man of that Name was confined) who very loudly complained of the barbarous Usage he had received, not only from the Turnkeys, but the Gaoler himself. The Statement of his Treatment was very feebly refilled by the Gaoler, and in a certain Degree supported by the Silence of the Turnkeys. I allude to that Part of the ill Usage he received from the Gaoler. He stated, that one Day looking into thff Court, which the greater Part of his Prison looked into, he was observed by the Turnkey walking in the Court, who damned him, and aiked him how he durst presume to look into the Court, or speak to any of the People walking the re. The. Man replied, and laid, he did not think there was any Mann in speaking to his Fellow Prisoners through his Grate. The Turnkey said he would shew him the Difference, and if he did not immediately go down he would make him repent it. Upon his making some Reply to this, the Turnkey in violent Passion. opened his Cell Door; with the Key which he had in his Hand he made a Stroke at the Prisoner, which.fortunately was lightened by the Key striking the Wall near the Bed on which the Prisoner fat, but at the same Time it came so heavily on his Side, that he spit Blood for, several Weeks after. His {pitting Blood was confirmed by one of the Turnkeys present. As a Proof of what he then said, he wished us to go into the Cell, where at that Time lie had been confined, where we should fee upon the Wall the Mark the Key had made. This not being controverted either by Arts or the Turnkeys we considered as admitted. The Gaoler made loud Complaints of this Man's ill Conduct during the whole of his Confinement, and declared that he had attempted to strike him, and he was therefore obliged to ule him with more than usual Severity. Jones implored us to hear what he had to say upon that Part of his Conduit now alluded to by the Gaoler: That in consequence of some Dispute or other in the Prison, Aris had ltruck l m; that upon his complaining, Arisordered Two Men to take hold of him; that when he was thus pinioned Aris beat him with his Stick until he broke it over his Back; this Stick he declared to be of the Thickness and Substance of the Stick I had then in my Hand. Aris did not deny his having beaten him, but on the contrary said he would do so to him or any other Person who should insult him in the Prison. So far from his being a Person of the Dil'position described by Mr. Aris, he begged of us to enquire of the different Officers with whom he had failed, and he would venture to stake the Truth of what he had said upon the Report of the different Officers, of his peaceful, quiet, and good Conduct during the Time he was under their Command. This Enquiry Sir Francis Burdett said he would make. I think it right here to llate, that neither I or Sir Francis Burdett, as he told me, ever belonged to the Corresponding Society. My Reason for making this last Observation is, that I observed in the printed Deposition of Mr. Aris, that I or Sir Francis had said, " I " belong to it." Upon our going out, we met Colonel Dejfard; he requested Sir Francis Burdett and me to listen to what he had to say respecting a Report of a Conversation in the House of Commons; and he declared that he had never said that Mrs. s Letter

contained any thing but Fads; that all the wrote was true, but he did not know of her intending to fend such a Letter, otherwisehc would have prevented it.

Did

Mt. Wilfi.

39 Geo. III. 190 Ap. 461

Mr. Wilft . Did you fee or hear any Thing in the Conversation or Conduit of Sir Francis Burdett that tended to affect the Discipline or good Government of the Prison ? — By no Means.

Did you fee the Meat weighed ? — No.

Withdrew.

Veneris, ef 1799.

Mr. Bonny

Called in, and Examined.

Mr. Bonny. Did you accompany Sir Francis Burdett to Cold Bath Fields Prison ? — I did.

Do you remember the Time ? — I think Thwfday the 20th of December.

Had you an Order from any Magistratfi, and from whom ? — Sir Francis Burdett had an Order from Dr.

Glafj'e for the Admission of himself and Two Friends.

Relate to the Committee, to the best of your Recol-ledion, what passed at the Prison ? — Sir Francis shewed the Order to Mr. Aris, the Governor j the Governor asked him what Part of the Prison he would wish to fee; Sir Francis said, the Whole. We went into the Chapel, looked into the Kitchen, and passed through several of the Passages and Yards, where we saw Prisoners for different Offences, both Men and Women; we saw tome of the Mutineers in the Yards, but had no Conversation with them; we afterwards looked into a Cell in one of the Passages, where one of the Mutineers was confined, whole Name, we were told, was Painter. The Figure of the Man struck me very much; he was the Outline of a very fine Form, but appeared wasted by Poverty and Distress. We asked him if he Was ill ? he answered, in a melancholy Tone, that he was well in Health, but wanted more Provisions. The Governor, who was with us, immediately laid,

you ought not to complain, for I allow you more Indulgence than many of the Prisoners. The Man said he was obliged to him; and there was about his Manner that which induced me to think his Fear of the Governor restrained him from saying more; but he afterwards, before we left the Cell, repeated his Desire for more Provisions. We saw Colonel Defpard; we went up into his Room; he was not there, but walking in the Yard; we went into Duffin's Room till his Return. I do not recoiled! any particular Conversation with Colonel Defpard.

Did you hear or fee, in the Conversation or Conduct of Sir Francis Burdett, any Thing that tended to affect the Discipline or good Government of the Prison ? — Quite the contrary. I recoiled!, when we were in the Room where Evans and some others were, there appeared a Warmth in their Minds when they were relating their Sufferings, which Sir , as well as my-

lelf, took some Pains to allay, particularly in respect! to the Governor. Sir Francis laid they ought not to be offended with him, for he only ad!ed officially and under Orders, and that the best Way to alleviate their Confinement was to bear it with Patience. It did not appear to me that Sir Francis was acquainted with any of those Prisoners. Withdrew.

Lun , 8 die Aprilis 1799.

Mr. Aris

Called in, and further Examined.

Mr. jri,. Where do you reside ?- — Outside of Gold Bath Fields v -j- i‘» Prison, with a Door of Communication with the Prison.

Vol. 54.

Have you any other Employment, Trade, or.Bufi- Report on ness, than that of Governor to the Prison? — None Fi^",ld. ,;£n whatever. continued.

What was the Prison Allowance on the 22d of April Mr. Ar:t. 1798 ? — The same as now, Meat and Broth Four Days a Week.

Had Colonel Defpard, from the Time of his Commitment, the Whole of this Allowance ? — I think not, excepting Bread. He had not the Prison Allowance, but that he has been provided by Ballard from the First or Second Day of his coming into the Prison. He had likewise the Liberty of receiving any Thing Mrs. Defpard chufed to bring. It is the Custom of the Prison,

When any Person is sent for lle-examinalion, nothing but Bread is allowed him; but they are at Liberty to receive any Thing their Friends chule to fend them in.

How long was it before Colonel Defpard became entitled to the Whole of the Prison Allowance ? — No Person is entitled to the County Allowance, Bread excepted, but those who are convinced. I believe Colonel Defp ard lived in the Way I have stated until I received an Order from the Duke of Portland, about the 9th of June, when he was allowed 135. 4 per Week.

I wish to add, that the Manchester Men, having no Friends in London, had the Prison Allowance from the Beginning.

Did you consider What you had done for the chejleir Prisoners as a mere Act of Indulgence ? — I did; as an Act of Humanity.

When was Water Gruel first given to the Sailors ? —

At various Times from the Beginning; they have had it for about Four Months up to this Time.

When had the Sailors first Access to a Fire ? — About Christmas, when the cold Weather set in.

How long in each Day was each Man permitted to be at the Fire ? — About Two Hours.

How many Days did this Permission continue ? — I believe about One Month; I cannot state it exactly; it was discontinued from the Schemes they formed about breaking out and doing my Servants a Mischief.

How many Hours in the Twenty-four are the Sailors locked up in their separate Cells ? -The Whole of them are let out Part of the Day, and some of them the Whole of the Day.

Did you authorize Nicho/fon to search, and take away Davis's Provisions ? — I did not. I ordered him to go and search him, but did not order him to take away his Provisions, not knowing he had any. The last Time he took from him Twelve One-Pound Loaves, and other Things.

What was done with the Provisions which were taken away ? — I do not recoiled; they were brought into the Office.

Are there any Scales and Weights placed in some tonfpicuous Part of the Prison ? — There are Scales, and Weights hung up near the Gate, and the Bread and Meat is always weighed there. A Man keeps an Account of the Weight.

Do you fee the Food weighed yourself? — Not the Meat i often the Bread.

Are the Prisoners allowed, if they please, to fee their Food weighed ? — Never; it would be improper; there are 260 of them.

Do you check Ballard's Accounts, and fee that he provides the State Prisoners to the full Amount of the 13;. 4 d. ? — No; I know nothing of the Provisions.

Bullard undertook that.

6 B h

462 190 Apr . 1799.

Is a Table of the Fees placed in some conspicuous t Part of the Prison ? — There is a Table of Fees affixed near the Gate.

Is there any Intercourse whatever between convicted Criminals and untried Persons ? — No; they talk to each other from Window to Window, and particularly during the Night.

Is there any Intercourse whatever between untried Persons and Vagrants ? — Sometimes there is; the Vagrants are very tew in the Prison.

Is there any Intercourse whatever between Vagrants and convicted Criminals ? — Not that I know of.

a

What Intervals of Refpitedoyou give to those whom you compel to work ? — They have Eighteen Pounds of Oakum each to pick; some can do that in Four Hours; when that is done, the Doors are left open, and they are at Liberty; but those who are working on the Out-fide of the Gaol, have One Hour for Breakfast and One Hour for Dinner.

Is it your Custom to put a Stop to any Thing im-jfroper or irregular, which you may perceive to take place between a Prisoner and any Visitor of the Prison ? — Certainly I do.

You attended Sir Francis Burdett the Second and Third Times of his visiting the Prison j did you, during either of these Visits, inform him that any Part of his Conversation or Conduct was improper, and could not be allowed ? — I did not inform him so; I thought it so; I did not think myself at Liberty to speak to Sir Francis Burdett on this Subject, as he had an Order of Admission from the Magistrate. I thought it was improper in him to walk up to whom I think is a

very bad Man, and talk with him some Time apart. — About One Minute.

Has there been any Meeting of the Magistrates since your last Examination, and did you attend that Meeting ? — No, not any.

Has there been no Conversation between you and the Magistrates upon the Subject of the Journals kept in the Prison ? — On 'Thursday last, which is the County Day, the Chairman asked for several Books, which were laid on the Table, and he took up the Journal, and seemed dissatisfied in the Manner it was kept; he ordered the Clerk in, and admonished him respecting the improper Manner of keeping it.

Were any Alterations suggested for the future Management of the Prison at that Time ? — Not any.

Withdrew.

Thomas Green

Called in, and Examined.

Were you not, on the 24th Day of January 1797, sworn in open Court at the General Quarter Sessions ? — I was sworn before a Committee.

Mr. Green being asked, whether the Copy of his Af-

fidavit, in Page 32, in the Paper intituled, " Papers " relating to His Majesty's Prison in Cold Bath ," was correct?

He replied, that it was correct, with an Exception of One Word: "Mutineers" should have been " Prisoners."

Withdrew.

Veneris, 12 die Aprilis 1799.

Committee met at Cold Bath , and inspected the Prison.

5

Martis, 16 die Aprilis1799.

Joseph Ballard Called in, and Examined.

How long have you been employed as Cook in the Mr. Salieri. Cold Bath Fields Prison ? — Better than Three Years. —

Do you remember the Time when Colonel was committed, and came to the Prison ? — He was in about Five or Six Weeks before the 9th of June, which I remember by the Government Allowance being made to the State Prisoners on that Day.

For the Five or Six Weeks which you express, in what Manner, and by whom, was. Colonel Defpard provided? — He had oftentimes Things sent in by Mrs.

Defpard, and in regard to Breakfast, I furnished him the greatest Part of the Time; his Dinner was not regular; sometimes Mrs. Defpard brought him Things, and sometimes he had them from me.

When he had Provisions from you, what did you charge Colonel Defpard for his Breakfast, and what for his Dinner ? — One Shilling for Breakfast, and One Shilling for Dinner.

Did you make any extra Charges whatever on account of either Meal ? — None.

Did you serve him. with Supper at any Time ? — e No.

In the Meal at Dinner, did you fumish him with Bread ? — I did not.

Do you know how he was furnished with Bread at Dinner ? — He had the County Bread.

Of what Quality was the Meat you furnished at Dinner, and what was the Price Pound you paid for it?

— Mutton and Beef from Six Pence to Seven Pence;

Veal about Eight Pence per Pound.

How much did Colonel Defpard, during those Five or Six Weeks, pay you altogether for Provisions About Thirty Shillings.

Is that the Whole of your Charge to Colonel Defpard? — No; there is Twenty-three Shillings not yet paid.

Did Mrs. Defpard furnish Colonel Defpard with Provisions the Days you did not ? — Yes; sometimes (he brought a Meat Pye, which lasted a Day or Two.

Have you any Salary ? — I have 15J. a Week.

Do your Profits arise solely from your Salary ? — Yes, for the greatest Part; it is my whole Dependance, with the Help of a House and Firing.

Have you no other Profits than arise from your Salary, and House and Firing, which are allowed you ? —

There may be some little; sometimes I find myself, at the Week's End, something in Pocket, and sometimes not.

Explain how you could be out of Pocket at the Week's End, as you have a fixed Salary ? — I have so much a Head for each of these Gentlemen; sometimes I have bought more Meat than has served them, Vegetables, Butter, Sugar, and the belt Wheaten Bread. I mean to say, in providing those that have 13 4 per

Week, I have sometimes been out of Pocket.

When you are out of Pocket, is the Deficiency made up to you, and by whom ? — rl have said sometimes I was out of Pocket, and sometimes a little over at the End of the Week.

Doth the Exceeding of the one Week make you Amends for the Deficiency of the other ? — Certainly it doth.

Do

39 Geo. III. 190 Aprilis.463

Mr. Ballard. Do you know whether Mr. Arts, the Governor, has L any Interest, directly or indirectly, arising from the Sale

of Bread or other Food within the Prison ? — I believe not any.

t)o you know whether he ever receives Presents from any of the Friends of the Prisoners. — Not to my Knowledge. Withdrew.

Mr.

Called in, and further Examined.

[Produces a Journal of the Prison, which was read.]

Mr.Nicholson. Did you make the Entry of the 21st of March ? — I 4--- v----» did.

Were the Words spoken in your Hearing ? — They were.

Are you ready to make Oath, that you heard those Words spoken ? — Yes, I am.

Who were present besides ? — Mr. Huffey and the Governor. Withdrew

The Reverend John Owen

Called in, and Examined.

Mr. Owm. Have you possessed Opportunities of becoming ac-; -y — ' quainted with the State and Management; of the Prison in Cold Bath Fields ? — I have gone there merely in the Capacity of a Clergyman at Times; from the Institu-tion of the Place, for the first Six or Seven Months, I acted as Chaplain; all that I have seen in the Prison is honourable to those who have the Conduct of it; as a Clergyman, I could not make the Enquiry the Magistrates could, but all I saw was creditable to those who had the Management of it;'I particularly observed I never heard an Oath from the Turnkey, the Governor, or any of the Prisoners.

Were your Visits frequent during the Time of your officiating as Chaplain ? — They were; constantly Three Time a Week to officiate in the Chapel, and at other Times to visit the Sick.

Did you take Occasion, in visiting the Prison during the Time of your officiating the re, to observe its State, and the general Treatment of the Prisoners? — I have frequently gone round the Prison and talked to the Prisoners; nothing objectionable occurred tome, but, on the other Hand, the Appearance of civil and kind Treatment; the Governor in particular appeared to be a Man of great Humanity, of which I could give many Instances, such as making little Presents to poor Women that were discharged, and speaking to all the Prisoners always in a kind Tone of Voice; his Demeanor, in every respect, appeared to me exemplary.

Have you occasionally, from Time to Time, visited the Prison since the Period of your regularly officiating the re to the present Time ? — Yes.

Are your Observations meant to apply to the Whole of that Period ? — Yes.

Did the Prison, or the Management or Treatment of it, appear to you to be injurious to the Health of the Prisoners ? — Directly the opposite; it appeared to me that their Health mended in many Instances; an Exception or Two in the same of some Mutineers arose from closer Confinement, in consequence of their boisterous Behaviour.

When there was any Sickness, did there appear to you sufficient Medical Care, and sufficient Attention paid to the Sick ? — There did, and all in the Hospital eemed to me extremely comfortable.

- Vol. 54,

Did the Building, and in particular the Cells, ap- Report on pear to you to be dry or damp ? — To ascertain this Fast, p£,^sd . £„, particularly after officiating on the ioth of February last in the Chapel, I went into the Cells on the Ground Tier; it was the Day on which the great Frost broke ^r‘ up; and I had the Satisfaction of finding the Walls, and the Floor under the Beds, perfectly free from Moisture. The Snow, brought in on their Feet, had made a little Moisture before the Bed.

Do you recollect the Time when you ceased to officiate as Chaplain to the Prison ? — I began about November 1794, to some Time in the Summer 1795.

Since you ceased to officiate as Chaplain, what Distance of Time has usually elapsed between your Visits?

— During the Summer I have commonly been absent;

I have been out of Town — The whole of the Time which I have been in Town, I have visited the Prison, with Intervals rarely of more than Three Weeks, and considerably oftener in the Course of the last Twelve Months.

When you visited the Prison, was it previously known at the Prison that you would be there on that Day ? —

It was never known but to the Chaplain, and very often not to him, because I have commonly called on a Sunday.

Was it your Custom, when you visited the Prison, to inspect the Whole, or the greater Part of the Cells ? — -When I inspected, it was generally confined to the Hospital; occasionally I have converted with Persons that were in their Cells.

Have you ever had Opportunities of seeing the different Prisoners, without the Presence of the Governor or Turnkeys, during the Time you officiated as Chaplain, or afterwards ? — I have occasionally spoke to some of them when no Person was within hearing.

Did the Prisoners, on these Occasions, make any Complaint to you against the Governor or his Assistants ? — No.

Did any express Satisfaction at the Conduct of the Governor ? — I have repeatedly heard them express Satisfaction at his Conduct.

Withdrew.

Appendix (N° 2.)

RULES, Orders, and Regulations, for the Management of the New House of Correction for the County of Middlesex; approved and confirmed by the Justices at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, 1794. London, printed by G. Stafford, Crane Court, Fleet Street, 1795.

GENERAL DIVISION OT THE PRISONERS IN THE HOUSE OF CORRECTION.

Class I. Prisoners convicted of Felonies: and other atrocious Offenders.

Class II. Prisoners convicted of lesser Offences.

Class III. Prisoners committed for Trial.

VISITING JUSTICES.

The Appointment of Two Justices at the Sessions to visit the Prison twice a Week, or oftener, seems absolutely necessary; whose Report of the State and Management of the Prison shall be delivered in Writing on their Resignation of their Charge on the County Day of the Session, when a Re-appointment shall take place, in such Manner as shall be judged to be most convenient.

THE

190 Apr ills.

A. 1799 *

CofdBath TKe PRINCIPAL OBJECTS O THE VISITINC JUSTICES Fields Prison, ENQUIRY.

mnt'iMMfA

\- - / I. Is the Prison in a State of perfect Security?

II. Are the Prisoners properly maintained, respecting the Articles of Prison Allowance, Beds, Clothing, Cleanliness?

III. Are the Sick duly attended by the'Surgeon and

Apothecary ?‘and are Minutes entered by him in a Book provided for that Purpose, naming the Number of sick Prisoners upon every Visit, and the Nature of their Diseases ? ,

IV. Is there any, and what Care, taken of the Prisoners' Instruction in religious Duties ? and is their Attendance on Divine Service duly enforced i

IX. To fee, or order the Turnkeys to fee, that the Prisoners Daily wash their Faces and Hands; for which proper Citterns and Towels will be provided in each Yard near the Pump: that their Hair be kept iliort and constantly combed, and that this be done before any Food is delivered.

X. To provide Paillafles, or Linen Bags, for the Re ception of Straw; and acquaint the Visiting Justices when any fresh Bedding is wanted, that the same may be renewed; and to see that the foul Straw, Rags, and Filth of every Kind, be instantly burnt.

XI. To direct that clean Linen be allowed once a Week to such Prisoners as wear the Prison Dress, and to other Persons, as the visiting Justices may, from Time to Time, think proper.

V. Is the Sentence on convicted Prisoners properly carried into Execution?

VI. Are the Prisoners usefully and constantly employed, as directed by the 22d III. c. 64. ft 7.?

VII. Are the Books, containing the Account of the Prisoners Labour, properly kept?

RULES, &c,

THE GOVERNOR.

I. To order every Prisoner, upon his or her Commitment, to be stripped and cleaned, and to be thorn or shaved, if necessary, and the Clotlies fumigated, baked, or destroyed.

II. To be exact in classing and separating the Prisoners, according to the Nature of their Offences; never exercising a discretionary Power when his Orders are positive; and taking particular Care, that the Male and Female Prisoners have no Intercourse with each other.

III. To provide a proper Book, to be kept as a Journal of the Daily Events of the Prison; such Journal to be produced when called for by the Visiting Justices.

IV. To execute his Office in Person, and to fee every Prisoner in his Custody once, at least, in every Day; to attend the Prisoners at the Chapel, and notice their Behaviour in his Journal: Not to absent himself for a Night, except on urgent Occasions; entering in the Journal, upon his Return, the Cause of his Absence; and to take Care that his Turnkeys, and other Servants, constantly lodge within the Prison.

V. To examine every Day the State of each Cell, in order to discover whether any Means have been made use of towards effecting an Escape, or whether any Mif-chicf has been done to any Part of the Building.

VI. To examine Daily the Locks, Bolts, and Bars of the Prison, and the State of the Irons by which those Prisoners are confined, for whom Coercion is found necessary; and note his Observations, on both these Articles, every Day in his Journal.

VII. To fee that the Talk Master, Turnkeys, Servants, and Assistants, conduct themselves with Prudence, Firmness, Attention, and Sobriety; and that they be in all Respects obedient to his Direction and Command; noting in his Journal such Matters respecting their Conduct as he may judge proper, for the Information of the Visiting Justices.

VIII. The Prison Allowance to be One Pound of Bread per Day, with an Addition of other wholesome Food, in Proportion to the Prisoner's Labour, at the Discretion of the Visiting Justices; but no Malt Liquor, nor any Liquor, except Water, shall in any same be allowed; except . when Wine is prescribed by th? Surgeon and Apothecary to the Sick.

XII. To have no Interest in any Contract or Agreement for feeding or clothing the Prisoners; but to take Care that neither the Prisoners nor the County be defrauded, and to keep Weights and Scales for that Purpose.

XIII. To take or receive to his own Use no Fee, Gratuity, or Emolument, except those allowed by the Table of Fees, from any Person whomsoever in his Custody.

XIV. To attend diligently and carefully to the Observations most humanely and judiciously made by Sir George O. Paul, in his Book of Regulations of the Gloucester Prisons, respecting the Nature, Degree, and Extent of solitary Confinement; to mark attentively its Effects on the Prisoners, and make his Report thereon to the Visiting Justices.

XV. To regulate the Confinement of the Prisoners according to the different Behaviour of Offenders, and ItriClly to observe the Rules and Provisions for keeping them, as directed by the Warrant of Commitment, or the Sentence of the Court.

XVI. To take Care that every Prisoner convicted by a Jury, and ordered by the Sentence of any Court to be kept to Hard Labour, be kept, as far as possible, in solitary Confinement; and allowed no Intercourse with any Person from without the Prison, except by an Order, in Writing, from the Committing or Visiting Justices.

XVII. To fee that the same Regulations be also observed, respecting all Prisoners convicted of any Offence before any Justice or Justices out of Sessions; excepting such Intercourse with their Friends, as may be needful to prepare them for their Defence, in Cafes where there is an Appeal or Reference to the General or Quarter Sessions, or other superior Courts.

XVIII. To put (if he rtiall fee Cause) Handcuffs or Fetters on any Prisoner who shall behave in a refractory Manner, or shew a Disposition to break out of Prison; such fettering, &c. to be entered in the Journal, with the Reason thereof; and to give Notice to One of the Visiting Justices within Forty-eight Hours; but not to be continued more than Six Days, without an Order, in Writing, from One of the Visiting Justices.

XIX. To hold no unnecessary Conyerfation, nor suffer his Servants to do it, with any Prisoner.

XX. To take Care that the necessary Correction be jjiven with Temper and Humanity, yet not in such a Manner as to render it either trilling or ridiculous; but with every Circumstance of Scrioulnels and Solemnity, and to be always given in the Presence of the Governor.

XXI. To abstain himself, and strictly to require his Servants to abstain, from all violent and angry Expressions; and by no Means to use Oaths or Curies under any Prorogation whatfgever,

XXII. If

39 Geo. III. icf April 405

XXII. It being unqucftionably true, that the proper Employment of Pril'oners is one leading Step towards their Amendment, especially when united with due Degrees of lblitary Confinement; the Governor is to provide Means for letting to work all Persons not sentenced to Hard Labour, and to let those to work who are lb i'eritenced, according to their Ability.

N. B. It is very difficult to enumerate the several Kinds of Works, to which the Talents and Abilities of the several Prisoners may be 1110ft properly applied: Of this the Task-master will be the fitteih Judge; and, if he understands his Buftncfs, he will so direct the Employment of every Person, as to render the Work moil beneficial to the Pril'oners, as well as moll; serviceable to the Public.

XXIII. To keep the Prisoners separate during the Hours of Labour, as far as the Nature of the Employment will admit.

XXIV. To examine the Contents of every Parcel, whether of Food or Cloaths, or other Matter, which is brought within the Walls of the Prison, before it is delivered to the Prisoner.

XXV. To demand of every Person committed for safe Custody only, and not inExecution, requiring to be lodged in a better Manner than the rest of the Prisoners, and able to pay for a Bed, the Sum of One Shilling Night; and to keep Qnc or more Beds always lit for Use, in Cale such Beds should be wanted. With respect to Liquor for such Persons, to adhere strictly to Rule VIII.

XXVI. To take Care that every Prisoner, when W'ashed in the Evening, having received his Allowance, be immediately locked in his Cell; and also to admonish every Prisoner, that, on his quiet Resignation to the Prison Rules, and his decent Submission to the Officers, will depend the Governor's Report to the Visiting Justices, and the greater or less Degree of Indulgence which he may expect to receive.

XXVII. That the Governor give every Prisoner to understand, that refractory arid obstinate Behaviour will be opposed by more than ordinary Punishment and Restraint, till the Mind of the Prisoner isfubdued.

XXVIII. That the Business of Washing for the Prisoners be executed by the Female Prisoners; and that they be allowed some Proportion of Recompence as 'other Prisoners working by Talk; that this Work be clone under the Direction of some prudent Female, to be appointed by the Governor, for the Purpose of not only serving him as a Maid Servant, but of being employed in inspecting the Female Prisoners when tick; and assisting, if qualified and disposed so to do, in improving the Morals of the Prisoners of her own Sex: Such Servant to receive extra Wages for attending to the Duties of the Prison.

XXIX. That he give Notice to the Visiting Justices, or, in their Absence, to the justices at one of the Public Offices, when the Time of Discharge of any Convict is approaching; that such Prisoner may be examined as to his or her legal Settlement; and, if the Justices shall think proper, passed to the fame; unless some creditable iHousekeeper shall appear, and be responsible for placing such Prisoner in a State of immediate Employment, to the Satisfaction of the said Justices.

THE TASK MASTER.

XXX. The 'I'ask-master to be appointed by the Justices; but in all Respects to be subordinate to, and under the Controul of tiic Governor.

XXXI. The First Bell to be rung at Six o'Clock in the Morning, from Lady-da to Michae!mas-day, and at Seven o'Clock during the Winter Half \ear; in Half an Hour the Second Bell to be rung, and the Prisoners to walh themselves, as directed by N° IX.

XXXII. After washing, the Daily Allowance of Bread shall be delivered to every Prisoner, in a separate Loaf, of the exact Weight allowed and directed by N° VIII.

XXXIII. That at Seven o'Clock in the Morning in

the Summer, and at Eight o'Clock in the Morning in the Winter, on every Day, except Sunday,?

Day, and Good Friday, the Prisoners be let to work, after Enquiry into the several Occupations to which they may have been bred; and, where admissible, that the Prisoner be set about the Work to which he or she has been accustomed.

XXXIV. That the Prisoners of the First and Second Class be allowed One Sixth of the Profits of their Labour; and that the Profits of their Labour be applied. One Sixth to the Prisoner's Benefit, and the Remainder to go to the County Fund.

XXXV. That One Half of the Profits of the other Prisoners Labour be applied to their Benefit, and the other Half to the County Stock.

XXXVI. That an Account be kept of the Profits arising from the Labour of the Prisoners; and that the same be paid to them on their Discharge, or applied to their Benefit, in such Way as the Visiting Justices shall direct: or approve.

XXXVII. That at Twelve o'Clock at Noon , except on Wednesdays and Fridays, the Bell be rung, and the Prisoners cease from their Work, and have their Allowance of Food; and that at One o'Clock the next Bell be rung, and their Labour be resumed.

' XXXVIII. That at Six o'Clock in the Summer Half Year, and at Sun Set in the Winter Half Year, the Bell be rung as a Signal for leaving Work; that every Pri-fonet be again required to be washed; that an Account be taken of the Work done, and the Tools, iBc. be delivered to the Officers of the Prison, to be safely laid up by them; after which, the Allowance of Provision is to be delivered to the Prisoners.

XXXIX. That a Clerk be appointed by the Governor, and approved by the Justices in Sessions, for the Purpose of keeping the Books, and performing such other Duties as the Governor shall require.

THE CHAPLAIN.

XL. Much of our Hopes of the Prisoners Reformation will depend on the Chaplain's zealous and conlcientious, as well as prudent, Discharge of his Duty: He will be required to read Prayers, and preach, at least once on every Sunday, and on Christmas Day, and Good Friday,

and also to read the Morning Service on Wednesdays and Fridays; on which Days the Bell, which on other Days would be rung at Twelve o'Clock, will be rung at Half an Hour after Eleven o'Clock, and every Prisoner, in Health, will be required to attend. On these Occasions the Chaplain, it is hoped, will occasionally deliver a {hurt, but affectionate. Exhortation to tire Prisoners, to confides their Situation, and to form Resolutions of Amendment. He is also to attend such of the Prisoners as are lick, and give them suitable Instrujftions.

XLI. Books of moral and religious Inftroction shall be provided, and distributed by tire Chaplain at his Discretion, amongst fudi Prisoners as can read them, when they shall either express a Desire, or even seem capable of being benefited by them.

See Article XL.

Vol. 54. 6 € XI.11.

& _

Report on Cold B:th Fields Prison, continu'd,

V- —

4 66

A. 1795).

Report on Cold Bath Fields Prison, continued.

\ ——

XLII. All indecent Behaviour in the Chapel, or dif-respectful Treatment of the Chaplain, or wilful Spoiling of the Books delivered to the Prisoners, or any wicked or profane Language, shall be punished by close Con-'inement, either iri their own, or in dark Cells, according to the Nature and Heinousness of the Offence.

XLIII. In the case of young Offenders committed, as Apprentices, &c. some one of the more orderly Prisoners of the same Class shall be employed to instruct them on Sundays, and at other proper Times, in reading, and both shall have an extra Recompence, the one for learning, and the other for teaching, at the Discretiort, of the Visiting Justices; this to be under the Direction of the Chaplain, and the Degree of llecompence to be regulated by his Report.

attend; for the Time.fixed is from Twelve to Two on Saturdays and Mondays; that I may be allowed to take him Books; that the usual Allowance of State Prisoners may be given to him. This is all that I request; I do not mention the State of his Health; his Thirty-two Years Service to the Country, in Situations of Danger and in unwholesome Climates, the continued Embarrassments to which he has been involved since his Return from the Bay of Honduras. All I entreat is, that he may not be treated worse than the State Prisoners in the Slower or Newgate.

I am your Grace's

Most obedient humble Servant, Catherine

His Grace the Duke of 'Portland.

XLIV. The Chaplain shall Once in every Week enter a short Minute in the Journal, of the State and Behaviour of the Prisoners.

THE SURGEON.

X'LV. To visit. the Prisoners in the Sick Wards every Day, and to enter a Minute of his Attendance in his Journal; and also an Account of the Nature of the Diseases of the Prifofters, with his Reasonfc for ordering an extra Allowance of Wine, Provisions, &c.

XLVI. To suggest to the Visiting Justices and Governor such Circumstances as he shall think necessary for the Promotion of Cleanliness, and Preservation of the Health of the Prisoners, and enter the same in his Minute Book.

CONCLUSION.

It any Rule or Order shall be found, on Experience, impracticable or inexpedient, the same may be suspended, or relaxed, by the Visiting Justices, who are required to enter a Minute thereof in the Prison Book, and report the same to the next Sessions.

Appendix, No. 3.

Note from Mrs. Defpard, to his Grace the Duke of Portland.

Mrs. Defpard s Respects wait on the Duke of Port-

land, having been informed that Colonel Defpard is committed for Trial, she trulls his Grace will be pleased to furnish her with a Copy of the Charges against him, and also requests to be indulged with an Order to be admitted to see the Colonel.

41, Upper Berkeley Street.

Tuesday Morning.

Appendix, No. 4.

Letter from Mrs. Defpard to his Grace the Duke of Portland.

\ly Lord,

I request your Grace's Attention, for One Moment, to my Situation, and that of miy Husband, Colonel Defpard, who is now confined in the Cold Bath Fields Prison, where he is debarred from Books, Pens, Ink, Paper, and Fire; not allowed to fee any of his Friends, not even me, except for a few Minutes, and among Felons, and :that at a Distance, with Two Doors between us, where he has no Allowance whatever; in short, he is treated more like a Vagabond or Felon, thari in the Manner in which it is usual for State Prisoners to be treated. Situated as -I am, and thinking of nothing at , this Moment but of alleviating his Distress, I cannot help intreating, that your Grace will be pleased to direct some Change to be made, in respect to his Treatment; that I may be permitted to fee him at reasonable Times, and not at the Time when all Descriptions of People

Appendix, No. 5.

Letter from Mr. Wickham to the Keepers of

gate, Cold Bath Fields, and Tothill Fields Bridewells'; dated Whitehall,4th May, 1798.

I am directed, by the Duke of Portland, to inform you that the Wives of the different Prisoners, now in your Custody under his Grace's Warrant of Commitment for Treasonable Practices, may be permitted to have Access to them at convenient Times, and in the Presence of some proper Person, to be appointed by you for that Purpose.

(Signed) Wickham.

Appendix, No. 6.

Letter from Mrs. Defpard, to Richard Ford, Esquire.

Sir,

I take the Liberty, of requesting to know of you, if there is any Order from his Grace the Duke of Portland, for the usual Allowance of State Prisoners to be given to Colonel Defpardi who is confined in the House of

Correction in Cold Bath Fields Five Weeks next , without the common Necessaries of Life. When he was first taken to that Prison, he had one of the upper Apartments given him, which he found very airy; but since his Commitment he has been removed to the Ground Floor, with not so much as a Chair to fit on, or a Table to take his yiCluals off, where he finds the Mornings and Evenings very cold, and not so much as a Fire to warm himself; and where he is deprived of Books, Pen, Ink, and not even allowed to fee me but for a few Minutes, and that among Felons and People of the worst of Crimes. Iri consequence of I wrote to his Grace the Duke of Portland this Day is a Week, to request his G race will be pleased to direct some Change to be made in respect to his Treatment; but as I did not mention my Address, I presume is the Cause of my not receiving an Answer. I entreat. Sir, that you will be so obliging as to let me know whether any Thing is done, or will be done, to alleviate his Distresses, for, in short, he is treated more like a Vagabond than a Gentleman, or a State Prisoner.

I am,'Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

Catherine Defpard.

Friday Morning.

Upper Berkeley Street,

41-

Appendix, No. 7.

Letter from Mrs. Defpard to Mr. Wickham.

Sir, 41, Upper Berkeley Street.

As a Gentleman whom I have not the Honour of knowing, I am bound to presume you are not destitute of Humanity, and of those Sentiments and Feelings,

which

39 Geo. III.

19° Aprilis.

467

ages

the

which ought to distinguish Per Cons of Education. Your Mr preferred to the House, ac- Scotch cvi-

Station warrants me in the Application I am to make, cording to Order, a Bill to prevent Combinations among fented!" ^' " and I trust neither your Morals nor your Character will Colliers and other Persons employed in the Collieries, allow you to disregard it. I entreat you, Sir, to attend and to regulate their W to the Situation of my Husband, Colonel Defpard, who is, as you know, at this Time confined on a Charge of Treasonable Practices in the House of Correction in Cold Bath Fields, and who is not treated as Persons

usually are who have had no Opportunity of manifesting ment of respecting Colliers, Coal Bearers, and

and Services, and Conduct of Coal Owners and Lcllees in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parlia-

ihcir Innocence, but is on the contrary already treated like a Convict; sure I am that he has never afforded the slighted Pretence for this Rigour, for his Manners are as gentle as his Mind is benevolent. To what then.

Sir, am I to attribute this unusual Severity. He is confined in a Stone Cell, without a Chair or Table to take his Victuals from, and not allowed a few Books to be taken to him, and of all, I blush while I tell you, for I hope, Sir, you do not know it, without so much as a Knife and Fork; when I request I may be permitted to take him one, I am told by the Keeper, that it is not the Custom of that Prison to allow such Things. If you should doubt this Statement, and should not chuse to take the Trouble of a more minute Enquiry, I beg leave to refer you to Mr. King, the Under Secretary, who, I understand, has been to that Prison, and was seen to notice the Cell in which the Colonel was in I addressed Two Letters to his Grace the Duke of Portland, but have not been honoured with any Answer to them; one was chiefly a Request from Colonel Dthat the usual Allowance granted to State Prisoners may be allowed to him; I have since that learned that the Application should be made to you; therefore I take the Liberty to request to know, for the Information of Colonel Defpard, if he is allowed, or will be allowed, any Thing, for I find not one of those that are confined in that Prison are allowed any Thing whatsoever, and them that arc in Newgate are found in every Thing, and more Indulgence shewn them; their Friends are permitted to be with them for Two Hours, and I am only allowed a few Minutes. The Manner in which I am admitted to fee him, and in what Compaqy, might well afford irresistible Appeal to a liberal Mind; but I wish. Sir, to impress you with what relates to him, rather than with Considerations personal to myself.

I am, Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

6th June. Catherine.

Appendix, No. 8.

Letter from his Grace the Duke of Portland to Mr. Jr is, Governor of His Majesty's Prison, Cold Bath Fields, Clerkenwell.

Sir, Whitehall, 24th November 1798.

It having been represented to me by Mr. Ford, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, that Messrs. Bone, Evans, Defpard,

Webb, and Roberts, now in your Custody under my Warrant, are liable to many Inconveniences during the present inclement Season, in the Places in which they are now confined, I am to inform you, that it will be proper that they should be removed from the same to the Room fixed upon by Mr. Ford in your Presence, in order that they may be therein better accommodated.

I am, Uc.

Portland.

Mr. Aris, Keeper of the

House of Correction.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be -fqffkient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Vol 54.

Salters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for exempting, during the present War, Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations, from being ^allotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Lords Amendments to Volunteer Corps *

See. Exemption Bill, agreed to

Pr. t.

Pr.

Pr

2.

1.

1.

3 f Leave out " these Kingdoms" and in-4. \ fert " this Kingdom."

9. Leave out " Thirteenth " and insert " Fifteenth. "

1. 10. Leave out " Apand insert " 1. 16. After "all" insert " such."

1. 32. After " MusterRolls" insert Clause

(A.)

Clause (A.) "And be it further Enacted, That " in the said Muster Rolls and " Monthly Returns there shall be " regularly inserted the Names of " every such Person, as having " been enrolled in any such Volunteer Corps or Associations as " aforesaid, shall, since the Date of " the lall Muster Roll or Monthly " Return, have notified to the " Commanding Officer thereof his " Intention of discontinuing his " Service therein, or have been "discharged from such Corps or " Associations by the Commanding Officer thereof, on Account " of Non-attendance, or otherwise; and that if any such Person, during the Period of his " having been enrolled in such " Corps or Associations, shall have been drawn for the Militia, and " have been exempted from Service therein, on Account of his. " Enrolment and Service in such " Volunteer Corps or Associations,

" he shall, on such Resignation or " Discharge as aforesaid, be liable to serve for the District in which " he was drawn, in the same Man-

" ner as if he had not been " exempted. And if there shall " be at that Time no Vacancy " for the District for which he " was drawn, he or his Substitute " shall be accounted as a Supenumerary for the same until a " Vacancy shall arise."N In the Title of the Form of Muster Roll, marked

<A->.

6. Leave out " Thirtieth " and insert " Fifteenth" and in the same Line leave out " April " and insert

" May."

At

Pr. 6. 1.

kv-ecvr.rri'tted

> 11 ibr reducing the Number of Militia Men, it ported.

Tannery &c.

Indemnity Bill, deferred.

Bill to amend Act for regulating the fnipping of Slaves, deferred.

Bill to limit the Trading for Slaves, defined.

468 ip0

t r t ' k

At the End of the Form of the said \Juster Roll, insert " N. B. discharged or quitted mice the " Date of the last Muster Roll.

" B.

" C. D. &c."

Pr. 7. 1. 23. Leave out "Thirtieth" and insert " Fifteenth" and in the same Line leave out " April " and insert " May" .

in the Form of the Monthly Return, marked (C.)

Pr. 10. After " discharged " insert " or quitted."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Air. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Sargent, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Men to be raised, and to serve, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England» was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, " Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying " the Cutting of Leather," and to repeal Parts of the said Act relating to the buying of Hides, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the First Day of August " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the " shipping and carrying Slaves in Tels from the

" Coast of Africa."

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word "‘Tuesday" and inlcrting the Word " Wednesday" instead thereof.

And the Question being put That the Word " Tuesday " stand Part of the Question.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { Thornton,

(Mr. Laming:

Tellers for the Noes,] 'jr *

I Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

7

A, 179$.

Then the main Question being put; - .

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon T'tefday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Informations, and, in certain Cafes, to authorize the Detention of Persons in Prison until Trial, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland',

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for taking into further Consideration, upon Tuesday next, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, was re-committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next:

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which, upon the 15th Day of March last, was made from the Committee of Secrecy;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to the Duke of Portland, dated Dublin Cafle, 29th September 1798 — inclosing Copies of Addresses from the Two Houses of Parliament of that Kingdom to the Lorfl Lieutenant; together with the Reports of the Secret Committees of those Houses, respectively, upon several sealed Papers, which the Lord Lieutenant had cauled to be laid before each of them, be referred to the said Committee.

The House wras moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to cmpower His Majesty to secure and detain' such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against " His Person and Government," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue, until the Twenty-first Day of May One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nifte, an Act, " made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and " detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are " conspiring against His Person and Government," might be read.

And# the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the said Acts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.Spcaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Mayor of London accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring " against His Person and Government."

And the Lord Mayor of London moved the I louse accordingly.

Bill to extend Bail to be given in certain Cafes in Scotland, deferred.

Overseers Aliiltant Bill *

deferred.

Committee on Report from Committee of Secrecy.

Papers re spefting Ireland, interred.

Instruction *

reported *

Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pension Act, rdered.

Seditious Satieties Bill, ©rdered.

Coleham Bridpe, Churth Sret-ton, fcc.Roads Bill, committed.

CrelTage, &c. Boids and Bridge Bill, committed.

l>unkeld and Perth Roads Bill, committed.

Cleredon Tn-clcfure Bill, reported.

39 Geo. III. 190 Aprils, 469

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall l'ufpeft are conspiring against His " Person and GovernmentAnd that the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney

General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Mayor of London also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices.

And the Lord Mayor of London moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more eftcftual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices: And that the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary Mr. Secretary - *

War, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Mayor of London likewise acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report from the Committee of Secrecy.

A Bill for renewing and enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (among other Purposes) for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in " Church Stretton, and to the Top of Hill, and from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover, and " from Coleham Bridge to Longdon, in the County of " Salop," and for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of such last mentioned Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Pulteney, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's -Chamber.

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near Cressage, in the County of Salop, to the of-pofite Shore, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Pulteney, Sir Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for making and repairing the Road from Dunkeld to Coupar of Angus, and the Road leading out of the Road between Dunkeld and Perth, to the Boat of Caputh, by or through the Village of Stanley, in the County of Perth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir David Carnegie, Mr. Ferguson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Von. 54.

certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, anti found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the'Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Two Common Rights, who refuted to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of Three Common Rights, who were neuter; and that the whole Number of Common Rights interested in the Bill are 95; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments u'ere Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. William Dundas according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend so much of Three Acts, made in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several Sums of Money charged as a Land l ax, as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners or Leflecs of, or otherwise interested in, divers ancient Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate within the Town and Hamlet of in the Parish of

Ulverfione, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds) and Moftes, within the Town and Hamlet of Ulverfione, in the Parish of Ulverfone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Norton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon in

Parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in

6 D,

Bill refr>e<5Hng the Redemption of the Land Tax in Scotland, reported *

Member added to bring in Ulverdone Inclosure Bill.

Bill presented *

Guldeford &c. Roads Bill, presentc<l#

-by

Committee on Reports of Herring Fish-t rie»,deterred.

Supply, dele neU.

Ways anil Means, de-lentd.

Rape Seed, Arc, Bill, deferred. (Expiring Laws.)

The Lords have agreed to

Selby and Leeds Road Bill.

MTmehefter and Auster-lnndc, &c. Roads Bill *

Herrington, See. Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

47Q I90 — <2 2 AprilisA. 1799.

Arundel, in the county of : And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rtjblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which, upon the 22d Day of December and the 19th Day of March lad, were made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the BrHerring F^theries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Shins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glai's, as was to continue for a limited Time, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 220 dislprilis; Anno 390 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1799.

f #

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and

Mr. IVi/mot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts, palfccl in the Fourteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so'far as the same relate to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

through Oldham, to Aufierlands, in the Parish of Sadd/e-worth, in the County of York, and from Oldham \oAshton under Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of in the said County Palatine of Lancaster \ without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inc'ofing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the several flam-lets or Tythings ot B erring ton, Broad Campden, and

ington, in the Parish of Chipping Campden, in the County of Gloucester; with some Amendments; to which

Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Von dem was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for naturalizing Catharine Nassau, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Morland, 8cc;: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamben

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, being severally Persons engaged in the Copper, Brass Wire, and Bell Metal, Manufactory, in the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners have long since regarded with Concern the alarming and extravagant high Price of Copper, and every other Metal made therewith: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Importation of Irish Copper Ore and Copper Duty-free, in Aid of that Supply which seems wanting for the general Purposes of Manufacture, and for such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Edward Hawkins, in Behalf of himself, William Roe, and others, his Partners, in the Trade of Smelting Copper Ores, and making and manufacturing Copper and Brass, carried on under the Firm of Roe and Company, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Copper; and Setting forth, That, in the Year 1787, the Petitioner, and his Partners, finding it difficult to supply themselves with Copper Ore for the Employment of their Smelting Works, and for the consequent Parts of their Manufactory, did, in Conjunction with others, purchase, and set to work, the Copper Mines of , and other

Copper Mines, within the County of Wicklow, in Ireland, in which they have expended upwards of £.40,000, and from which they have derived some Supply of Copper Ore, charged however on 'Importation into Great Britain with a very heavy Duty, whereby they are precluded from importing Ores of low Quality, the Duty on such Ores operating as a total Prohibition and that, if the said Duty was taken off, a considerable Supply of Copper would be derived from the Importation of Irish Ore, whereby the Manufactures of Great Britain would be much benefited, and useful Employment would be given to great Numbers of Persons within the said County of Wick/oiv: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and to adopt such Measures as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Copper Mines and Copper Trade of this Kingdom; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cumberworth, with Half, in

the Pari (lies of Si'kfione and Kirkburton, in the West

Riding

Bufch's Nit. Bill, commit-tec}.

Na/Tau's Nat. Bill, committed.

Petition of Wire, Arc. Manufacturers, ot Glou-ceikr, reflecting Copper.

Petition of Mr. Hawkins &c. respecting D°.

Cumberworth Inclosure Bill, presented.

3$> Geo. III.

22° Apr

Lofton Bridge and Little Bnyton Road' Bill, reported.

Riding of the County of Yo: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

Mr Pierrepontreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Foston Bridge, in the County of to Little Drayton, in the County of , was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his‘ Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Ta-

471

Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, lo far as the same relate to the Road from in the County of York, to C/itkeroe, in the county of : And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Manners Suttonpresented to the House, accord- Go^crton in-ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common, Fen Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Gojherton, in the County of Lincoln t And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Abt Marquis of

j'ir.L . .1.. u. _____.u- vi ./i i.....i.t. or i... Al>ercorn's

ble: Where the Amendments were Once read through^- to dissolve the Marriage of the Moll honourable John bi'vwc'e'wii,

fcesves and

Witchcross, ice. Roads Bill, reported.

out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

Mr. Kemp reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue and enlarge the Term granted by Two several Acts, of the Sixth and Thirteenth Years of His present Majesty, and to enlarge and extend the Powers given by the said Acts, and by Two former Acts, of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes,

James Marquis of Ahcrcorn with the Molt honourable committed. Cecil Hamilton, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant April, rqfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Council, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bid,

and certain other Roads in the County of SujJ'ex, named if the Parties concerned think lit to be heard by Coun-and described in the said Acts, was committed; That fel, or produce Witnesses.

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quel-

prdented.

Mr. Diikinson presented to the House, according to Taunton Order, a Bill for altering, enlarging, and repealing, tome Rl;u1s of the Provisions in an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the County of Somerset; and also for extending the Provisions of the said: Ad: to a Road from Tucker's Gale, in the Parish

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the of Lyng, to Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in

TT C- j.1__1 __________ ...___.1 L . _ — ~ . 1 1____I___ 1 „ D

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Colliers, as well Coal Hewars as Coal Bearers, at sundry Coal Works in the Neighbour-

Petition of the Colliers of

Glasgow, # _

against Scotch hood of Glasgow, in that Part of Great Britain called Colliers - Bill. Scotland, was presented to ' the House, and read; Tak-

the same County, and for making, and keeping in Repair, the same Road: And the liune was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of ing Notice of the Bill to prevent Combinations among in the County of was read the Third Time.

Colliers and other Persons employed in the Collieries, Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title and to regulate their Wages and Services, and the be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, cer-Conduct of Coal Owners and Lessees in that Part of tain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and be-Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, ing within the Manor and Parish of in the

made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His pre- County of Somerset.

sent Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parlia- Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

ment of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Clevedon Inclosure Bill, passed.

Skipton and Clitheroe Road Bill, presented.

Salters; and Setting forth. That the said Bill is most arbitrary in its Principle, and is in direct Violation of the Personal Liberty of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon, the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating, the Powers of Two A«5ls, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

Vol. 54.

Member added to bring in a Bill for con-

Ordered, That ‘ Mr. Buxton be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a __________

Bill, purliKint to the Prayer of the Petition of several firming Rm-Owners of Estates, in the Parish of in the ^th Incl°'

County of Norfolk.

Mr. Buxton presented to the House, according to Or- Bill presented der, a Bill for confirming and establishing the Division,

Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Whole Year Lands,

Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ranworth, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Gander L-uie whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and

and Sheffield Roads Bill, reported.

47 2 ApriA. 1799.

and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gander Lane-, in the County of Derto in the County of York, and from Mofborou Green to both in the said County of Derby, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Township of Eccleshall Bierlow, the Hamlets or Vills of Upper, Nether Hallam, Bier low, and

with Darnell, all within the Parish of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of William Newbould and William Holdsworth, both of Sheffield, in the County of York, Colliers, and of the several Merchants, Manufacturers, and other the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Sheffield aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto fub-fen bed, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table t Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Act for pre- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fnndfin the Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

Sait Duties, to " An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon be considered. " Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures at " the Custom House," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Exportation of Newfoundland Cod Fish from this Country.

Consideration The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Commiuteon Friday last, for taking into further Consideration upon Coid Bath Friday next, the Report which was made from the

faion' Committee who were appointed to enquire into the State of His Majesty's Prison in Cold Bath Fields, C/erkeuzvell, and to report the fame, as it should appear to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Yh Sevennight, the id Day of May next.

Ktlrefpe&hg Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third the Redemp- Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend so much Land°Tia in ' Three Acts, made in the last and present Sessions of Scotland, Parliament, for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several Sums of Money charged as a Land Tax, as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act to amend so much of Three Acts, made in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several Sums of Money charged as a Land Tax, as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, a

Mr. Rose presented to the hloufe, according to Or- Bill to extend der, a Bill to enable the Commercial Commissioners, ^Time to-appointed under the Authority of an Act, palfed in [umsT/in^ this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties com< % p«-upon Income, and of another Act of this Session, for tcated amending the said Act, to extend the Time limited, by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws pasty.1 ' relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, (Expiring and other Seeds uled , for extracting Oil, whenever the 1

Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain 1 and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue for a limited Time, be nowt read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight Hundred and Four; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Three; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glass, as was to continue in Force for a limited Time, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Lords Ad-into Consideration the Address of the Lords to His Majesty, communicated at the Conference, upon the with Ireland 12 th Day of this Instant April. agreed to,

And the said Address was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's. most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, humbly beg Leave to assure Your Majesty, that we have proceeded with the utmost Attention to the Consideration of the important Objects recommended to us in Your Majesty's Message respecting the Connection between this Country and Ireland.

We entertain a firm Persuasion that a complete and entire Union between Great Britain and Ireland, founded on equal and liberal Principles, on the Similarity of Laws, Constitution, and Government, and on a Sente of mutual Interests and Affections, by promoting the Security, Wealth, and Commerce of the respective Kingdoms, and by allaying the Distractions which have; unhappily prevailed in Ireland, must afford fresh Means of opposing at all Times an effectual Resistance to the

destructive

Seditious Societies Bill, presented *

Bill for reducing the Number of Militia Wen, passed.

Committee oft Report of Herring Fisheries, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

39 Geo. III. 22° — 230 Hprilis.

473

destructive Projects of our Foreign and Domestic Enemies, and must tend to confirm and augment the Stability, Power, and ltefourcos of the Empire.

Impressed with thele Considerations, we feel it our Duty humbly to lay before Your Majesty such Propositions as appear to us bell calculated to form the Balls of such a Settlement, leaving it to Your Majesty's Wisdom, at such Time and in such Manner as Your Majesty, in Your Parental Solicitude for the Happiness of Your People, shall judge fit, to communicate these Propositions to Your Parliament of Ireland, with whom we shall be at all Times ready to concur in all such Measures as may be found moll conducive to the Accomplishment of this great and falatury Work. And we trust that, after full and mature Confederation, such a Settlement may be framed and established by the deliberative Consent of the Parliaments of both Kingdoms, as may be conformable to the Sentiments, Wishes, and real Interests of Your Majesty's faithful Subjects of Great Britain and and may

unite them inseparably in the full Enjoyment of the Blellings of our free and invaluable Constitution, in the Support of the Honour and Dignity of Your Majesty's Crown, and in the Prel'ervation and Advancement of the Welfare and Prosperity of the whole tijli Empire.

T1 en the said Address being read a Second Time;

Refotved, That this Home doth agree with the Lords in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

And the Blank therein was filled up with the Words " and Commons."

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to the Address, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House, and have filled up the Blank with the Words " and Commons."

Ordered, That the Lord Havekesbury do carry the said Message.

3 *

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Suppression Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a. Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Bill (now ingrafted) for reducing the Number of Militia Men to be raised, and to serve, in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Refehed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reducing the Number of Men to be raised, and to serve, in the Militia for the several Counties in that Part of Great Britain called England, and to amend the Laws relating to the said Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. Hujkijjon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

.Refolded, That this House will, upon TMorning next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which, upon the 22d Day of December and the 19th Day of March last, were made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of HerringFilheries,

and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. /

Vol. 54.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti2 30;

Anno 390 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1799. Prayers.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry dem Bnfch, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Catharine was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill/ and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Stanton with Sarah Wright, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 3d Day of May next, resolve itlejf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Law respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; without any Amendment: And also,

6 E The

Ways and Means, deferred.

Bufch's Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

NafTaiTs Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

Stanton's Divorce Bill, committed.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill respecting Offences at Sea.

Innkeeper *

Bill.

23 Aprilis.

WeyhiliRoud

Bill *

Kirkby Kendal Roads Bill.

lords

Amendments to Herrington, &c. Inelo litre Bid agreed to.

474

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of tire Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at,

in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Ly deway, in the County of Wilts-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendal, in the Cotinty of to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of ;without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the several Hamlets or Tithings of 'Broad Campden,

and Westington, in the Parish of Chipping , in the County of Gloucester.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 32. After" payable" insert " in kind." Pr. 20. 1. 3. Leave out " Tythes or."

1. 4. Leave out " Dues" and insert " Payments."

1. 5. Leave put " actually payable."

Pr. 32. 1. 21. After" " insert " and the

" Patron of the Vicarage."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Nix. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A.. 1799-

ftoughton ?mi South Stoke Inclosure and Roads Petition, referred to a Committee.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Moll noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, Earl Marshal of England, and the humble Petition of other Persons, whose Names, are thereunto subscribed, which was prefeuted to the House upon the 22d Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon theTable, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. John Pitt, &c:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of and certain other Roads in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Kemp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Long Horse-the Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whose j^'hi^cMor' Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- Road's p«ti-selves, and the rest of the Commissioners and Trustees, tion, reported, named, appointed, and elected, to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Long Horseley Bar or Gate, on the Port Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and to the

River Breamish, and from thence to Piercy's Cross, in the County of Northumberland, and another Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; zn z.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Jacob Mills, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts into Execution, and have-borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which have been duly applied according to the Directions thereof, of which the Sum of £.2,870 now remains due, together with a large Arrear of Interest; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be kept in proper and sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers of the said Acts altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing and amending the Road leading from Long Horseley Bar or Gate on the Poll Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long,

Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Piercy's Cross, in the County of Northumbei-land: And that Mr. , Mr. Beaumont,

and Mr. Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improv- Stanhope Dicing, the Stinted Moors, Stinted Pastures, Wastes, and fotme^Bm! other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the committed. Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr,

Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lew« and An ingrafted Bill to continue and enlarge the Term ire tRoad« gt&tftsd by Two several Acts, of the Sixth and Thir-Bui, passed. teenth Years of His present Majesty, and to enlarge and extend the Powers given by the said Acts, and by Two former Acts, of the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and certain other Roads in the County of Sussex, named and described in the said Acts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Be, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bielfdd't for naturalizing Dtederick Arnold Bielfeld, was read a coat^mi|te'^ Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burdon,

Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five.of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Francis John Browne reported from the Coni- LeigUincio-mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and re'

inclosing, a certain Tract or Piece of Commonable Land, called Leigh Common, situate in or near the Tyth-ing of Leigh, in the Parish of Tetminster, in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

House,

59 Geo. III.

23° Aprilis.

475

House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied Thirty-first One thousand Seven hundred and with; and that the Committee had examined the Alle- Eight, and also for veiling certain Parts and Parcels of gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and the Lands and Barony of Leny, lying in the County of that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to and comprized in a Disposition and Deed of

the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Entail thereof, dated the Third November One thousand the Owners of Lands, entitled to Right of Common on Seven hundred and Forty-six, granted by Sir Robert the Lands to be inclosed, rated to the Land Tax at Myrton, of Baronet, with Consent therein men-

£.2. 6s. $d. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Land rated as aforesaid at £.$. 2s.9 d.who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Owners of Land rated as aforesaid at 14 who could not be found; and that the Whole of the

Cilldeford, 4fc. Roads till, committed.

tioned in Trustees, in Trull to sell or exchange the fame, and invest the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase Or Exchange of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under th'e same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the afore-

Lands, entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to said Deeds of Entail; and for vesting m William Hope

be inclosed, are rated to the Land Tax at 123.10s. 8d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Weir, Esquire, of Craigichall and Blackwood, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, certain other Parts of the said Lands, Baronies, and others. Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Fergu/on, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at rive of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ulrerftone Inclosure Bill, committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing, and rendering Cays appoint-more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth ^e^[rfeco0t"<1 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing GkigowTwo the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a " — ‘ Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer Vended Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or fold within the City of and Village of Gor-

Pennies Scots Bill.

Waste Grounds, and Modes, within the Town and Hamlet of Ulverstone, in the Parish of UlverJIone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley,

bals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof, be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the ift Day of May next.

Gander Lane mad Sheffield Roads Bill faffed#

passed.

Marchionest of Annan-dale's Estate Bill, com xnitted.

A Bill to divide, allot, inclose, and improve, the "

Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish

of Fux/ordJ in the County of Nottingham, was read a An ingtofled Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- Second Time, ing and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, font, Mr. Cartwright, &c: And they are to meet this for repairing and widening the Roads from Gander Lane, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of Chamber.

Fork, and from Mqfborough Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby, was read the Third Time. An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing and

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title improving the Road from Fo/lon Bridge, in the County Unyt^n ' be, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Bill,

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- ham, was read the Third Time.

ment, the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of be. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the the Road from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln,

Roads from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to to Little Drayton, in the county of.

Sheffield, in the County of York, and from Mo/brougk Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry La/celles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Mr. John Lloyd presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Common Lands and Marshes in the Parish of larging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth in the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marshes:

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon WhctrJ, in the Parish of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for Stoke, next Gulde/ord, through Gulde/ord, to Andrew's His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Mo^^ffucd Cro/s, and to Al/ord Bars, in the County of Surrey, and Directions that there be laid before this House, an Ac °ncy u

from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in Arundel, in the count of all Sums of Money which have been issued by County of Stdfex, was read a Second Time. His Majesty's Ofders, pursuant to Addresses of this

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Orijlow, HoUfe, and which have not been made good by Par-General Norton, See.: And they are to meet this liament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Whitford cloiure Bill, presented.

pursuant to Addresses.

Afternoon,

Chamber.

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Craigiehall, lying in the County of Linlithgow, and com-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums which the Commissioners under

prized in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased the Seventh Article of the Treaty, entered into between Sophia Marchioncls of Annandale, with Consent of Wil- His Majesty and the United States of America on the Ham Marquis of Annandale, her Hulbaad, upon the 19th Day of 1794, have awarded to be paid

Vol. $4. by

Account of Sums awarded to be paid under American Treaty, ordered.

Order for Committee on Act for preventing Frauds' in the Salt Duries, diiohar^ed.

Bill to extend Bail tn be given in certain Cales in S otlandj deferred.

476 23° Aprilis 1799.

by the Brit ft Government, and the Expences at- in that Part of Great Britain called be now

tending the said Commission, to the 5th Day of April read.

1799. And the said Order being read accordingly;

RefThat this House will, upon Friday Morning Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House next, resolve itself into the said Committee, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of so much of an Act, made in the First Year The House being informed that Mr. Moore (Secre- Account of

of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for tary to the Commissioners under the Seventh Article of

" preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for the AmericanTsca-ty) attended at the Door; he was called under Amtrithe better Payment of Debentures at the Custom- in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to " house," as relates to the Exportation of Newfoundland their Order,

Cod Fish from this Country, be now read. An Account of the Sums which the Commissioners

And the said Order being read accordingly; ( under the Seventh Article of the American T reaty, of the

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. 19th Day of November 1794, have awarded to be paid by the Government, and of the Expences attend-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ing the said Commission, to the 5th of April 1799. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, And then he withdrew,

upon the Bill to extend the Bail to be given in Cates And the Title of the said Account was read,

of Criminal Informations, and, in certain Cales, to au- The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

thorize the Detention of Persons in Prison until Trfal,

An ACCOUNT of the.Sums which the Commiss.rners, under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty, of the 19th Day of November 1794, have awwal to be paid by the Britft Government, and of the Expences attending the said Commission, to the 5th of April 1799. *

SHIPS NAMES.

Orion Eliza Pomona Two Brothers Fair Lady -Lydia Bethiah Sally

MASTERS NAMES. Sums awarded.

V Cu (Jiing - £ LJ95 s. d. — 9

Borrozi'chiile (ift Cafe) - - 4>438 — 3

Ilaxitood - 154 6 —

Galley - - - - . - 2,169 4 3

Lilli bridge - - - - 3A3° 11 7

R inker - - 1,438 19 —

Lot hr of - - - 6,521 11 3

Birch more - - - - 2,907 2 10

Moiety of the Expences attending the Commission, calculated to the 5th Day of April 1799, directed by the Treaty to be paid jointly.by the Two Countries, including the Salary of the Fifth Commissioner, at £.. ,500 per Annum - -

Salaries of the Britfti Commissioners, for T nee Quarters, to the 5th of 1799 Sum necessary for current Contingent Expences - -

21,954 15 it

695 iS 5

1,500 — — 1,000 — . —

50 4 4.

Fras Moore,

Secretary.

T

Petition rf West India Planters, See. ag.iinll the Bii! to limit the Tmdir>£ f<8tf SUvcs.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel,

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. .-gainst the Principle, and several of the Provisions of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others. Ordered, That tire said Petition do lie upon the interested in the BritftiWefi Indies, whose Names are Table, until the Report which was made from the Com-thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and mittee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was read; Taking Notice of the Bill to prohibit the Trading committed, be taken into further Confederation; and for Slaves on the Coast cf Africa, within certain Limits; that the Petitioners be then heard, by Counsel, against And fitting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

" Principle thereof to be highly injurious to them, parti- The House was moved. That the Petition of the Counsel or-' cularly the Provision in the first Clause, which prohibits Merchants of Liverpool trading to Africa, whose Names titlon of Mer the Trading for Slaves upon the Whole of what is gene- are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the chants of Lira! ly denominated the Windward Coast, where are ob- House upon the 3d Day of this Instant April, might be tained the Negroes most healthy and bell adapted for again read. - jf,u.

the Labour of the West India Plantations, and which And the same being read accordingly;

may be carried thither by the shorteft Voyage: And Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

until

39 Geo. III.

n

23

until the said Report be taken into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of , within certain Limits, is committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Four " Months." ,

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Toners for the Yeas. } «.

ToLers for he Noes, } H-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put j

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed, that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel be now called in;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas letters for the leas,

I19'

Tellers for the Noes i Lord Viscountfie/^nrc ,)

letters for ttic XNocs, jMr ] 9'

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting from the Provisions of the Act, any Slave seized and condemned under the Powers thereof.

And the said Clause was Twice, read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing ort whom the Onus Probandi Hia.ll lie, in certain Prosecutions under the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Then the said Petition of the Merchants of Liverpool, trading to Africa, which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of this Instant April, and also, the said Petition of the Planters, Merchants, and others, interested in the Indies, which was this Day presented to the House, were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Vol. 54.

477

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " regulating, until the First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the shipping " and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, on Behalf of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Merchants of London and Liverpool, concerned in the African Slave Trade, and had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Lord Hawkesbury reported to the House, That he

had, pursuant to their Order, carried to the Lords the Address, to which their Lordships, oii the 12th Day of this Instant April, desired the Concurrence of this House; and had acquainted them, that this House had agreed to the fame; and that he had Jest the said Address with their Lordships.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Rates of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers and other Persons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported from the Raft Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, and of another Act of this Session, for amending the said Act, to extend the Time limited, by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved \That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon 1Tuefdaylaft, for reading a Second Time, upon Thursday next, the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Copper, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 2d Day of May next.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce be added to the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the State of

6 F the

Committee on Bill for regulating the Hupping of Slaves,

Report of Address having been carried to the Lords.

Voices to Committee on London Porterage Bill.

East Indifi Goods Bill, deferred.

Bill to extend the Time for receiving Returns of Income, committed.

Copper Extort ation, &c. Jill, deferred.

The Lords intend to be at

James's at ©'Clock on Friday.

Bielfeld's Nat. Bill, reported, and palfed.

Ardivick Green and Wilmslow Hoads Petition, reported.

478 i-30 — 240 A. 1799;

the Coppel Mints i'nd Copper Trade of this Kingdom; and to report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 24° die Aprilis;

Anno 390 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. IVilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That His Majesty has appointed to be attended, with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, on Friday next, at Two o'Clock, at His Palace of Saint James; and that the Lords do intend to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Burden reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; for naturalizing Diederick Arnold was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords; arid acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Blackbtirne, of Lancafh reported from the

Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the Road from Ardwick Green, near in the County of Lancaster, to the new Bridge at the Corn Mills at IViimJlow,- in the County of , was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; And,

Mr. Rob'ert Kc'ivton, being examined, said. That the

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act. and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied; but the same are insufficient to keep the said Road in Repair, which is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places incommodious to Travellers, and a large Sum of Money is necessary to be expended for putting the said Roads into Repair, and the same cannot be borrowed without some additional Security, by advancing the Tolls, nor be repaid, and the said Road properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and further and other Powers granted.

And the Witness added, That it would be greatly for the Convenience of the Public, if a new Branch ot Road was made from and out of the said Turnpike Road, at or near the Bridge at Cornbrock, to Oxford Street and Manchester, and to be kept in Repair, and included in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, /" An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the Road from " Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the County of " Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at IVilrnflow, in the County of And that Mr.

Blackburne, of Lancashire, and Mr. Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. t

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, named and appointed for the Execution of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of through

Googe's Lane, Qorsham, Biddejloand Wesi-') at ton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in the Parish of Castle Coombc, in the County of Wilts, and of an Act of

the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act, and also of several of the principal Inhabitants and Landholders reading in and near the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the -said Acts were read: And,

John Mereivether, Esquire, being examined, said.

That the Terms granted by the said several Acts are now near expiring, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Lolls granted thereby, and the same hath been laid out and expended in the Reparation of the said Roads: That the Sum of £. 1,110, of the Money so borrowed, now remains due, and the said Roads cannot be effectually kept in Repair, and the Monies remaining due thereon repaid, unless the Terms and Powers of the said several Acts be further extended, altered, amended, and enlarged. And the Witness added. That it would be more convenient if the said Acts were to be consolidated, and made into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of through

Googe's Lane, Corfliam, Biddestone, and to the

Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in the Parish of Cootnbe, In the County of IViIts: And that Mr. Buxton and Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham do prepare, and bring

in, the fame. ' .

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom - the Petition of the Trustees named and appointed in and by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Terms, and altering the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through Wesi Kennett, to Sheppard's Shord, and from the Hare and

Melkfhamand

Coorr.He Road Petition, re-po.ted.

Marlborough and Sheppard's Miord, See. Roads Petition, reported.

Beftbrough-ton Inclosure Bill, reported.

+ r

39 Geo. IIL '1$ April479

Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherrill Hill, and , Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckham',- ingroll'ed.

ton, and from the Turnpike Qate at Avebury to Wrough-

ton , and from the North Side of Swindon to the Car- An ingrossed Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclo- l,ei«;li Inclo-

penter's Arms at Blunfden, in the County of Wilts, and ling, a certain Tract or Piece of Commonable Land, Bill, ra *

for diverting, turning, and altering, Part of the said called Leigh Common, situate in or near the Tything of

Roads, and for, repairing and widening the Road on Leigh, in the Parish of in the County of

the West Side of the Three Barrows, from the Direc- Dorset, was read the Third Time.

tion Poll there, on the new Road, leading from Beck- Refo That the Bill do pais: And that the Title

hampton to Devizes, to the Distance of One Mile from be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer-

the said Direction Poll, Westward, and also of many tain Traci or Piece of Commonable Land, called Leigh

the principal Inhabitants and Landholders residing in Common, situate in the Tything of Leigh, in the Parish and near the said Roads, was referred; That the Com- of Yet in the county of.

mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Ordered, That Mr. Francis John Browne do carry the

Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had direct- Ordered, That Mr. Wilherforre do carry to the Lords Mr. Wilfred him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the ingross'ed Bill to continue, for Twenty-one Years, the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and and from thence to the End of the then next Session and Sheffield

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where of Parliament, the Term, and to alter and enlarge the to

the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Powers of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of ie

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and said Acts were read: And, widening the Roads from Gander Lane, in the County

Henry Merewether, Esquire, being examined, said,. of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of York, and from That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of Mojbrov.gh Green to both in the said County of

the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Derby, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, thereto, which cannot be repaid unless the Terms and Powers of

the said Acts are enlarged; and, on Account of the Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to Thames Tun-great length of the said Roads, it would be more con- whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names venient that the same should be divided into Two Dif- are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the trjds. And the Witness further said. That it would be Committee had examined, and found that the said Ap-

of Public Utility if the Road from the Bar Gate at plication did not come within the Standing Orders of

Avebury, over the common Fields to West Kennett, were the House relative to Turnpike Bills; but that Notices made Part of the Turnpike Roads. And he added, had been given in the Manner required by the said That the said Acts require several other Alterations and Standing Orders; and that the Committee had examin-Amendments to be made thereto; and that it is pro- ed the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed posed to repeal and consolidate the said Acts into One him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Act of Parliament. House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and im- same was read; and is as followeth; viz. proving, the Road at or near Beckhampton, and from the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition:

Notth Side of Swindon to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunfden, Mr. Ralph Dodd, an Engineer, being examined, said,

and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the That the Communication between the opposite Shores County of Wilts:And that Mr. Buxton and Mr. of Kent and at the Points near and

Penruddocke Wyndkam do prepare, and'bring in, the Tilbury Fort, is carried on by a Ferry, which, at certain Lame. Seasons of the Year, is, owing to the Inclemency of the

Weather, unsafe and dangerous, and the River is some-' Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom times totally impassable: That the nearest Bridge across the Bill lor dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain the Thames is London Bridge, and to pals by such Bridge Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, from Gravesend to Tilbury, will make a Circuit of Fifty within the Parish of Bellbroughton, in the County of Miles; the Width of the River being only Nine Hun-Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had dred Yards, and it being wholly impossible to throw a examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Bridge across the fame, on Account of the Height of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com- Mails of Ships necessarily navigated there: And the plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Witness being further examined, said. That a Tunnel Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; or Arch, and Road, may be formed under the River, and, that the Parties concerned had given their Consent from or near Gravesend to or near Tilbury Fort, so as to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (ex- that a safe and convenient Passage for Horses and Car-cept the Owners of Estates act'efled to the Land Tax at riages may be made, opening an uninterrupted Land f.S. lys. 3d. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; Communication between the Counties of Kent and and also, except the Owner of an Estate assessed at 'Essex-, and that the same will be attended not only with £.5. is. per Annum, who was neuter; and that the great Advantage to these particular Counties, but will whole Property interfiled in the'inclosure is assessed to be of great National Advantage as a Military Pass; the Land Tax at £.294. i^s.zd. per Annum-, and that and that such Plan has been approved by the Board of no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the -Ordnance, and the Corporation of the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Then, '

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which - Mr; John Mills Evans, being examined, confirmed they had directed him to report to the House; and the above Evidence, respetfling the Public Benefit that he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli- ‘will be derived from the proposed Undertaking, vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Table: Where the Amendments were Once read making and maintaining a Tunnel, or Road, under the throughout; and then a Second Time, One ty t)ne; River Thames, from or near to the Town of Gravesend, and, upon the Question feverafly put thereupon were :in the County of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the agreed to by the House .: County of And that Sir William Geary, Sir

Vo 1. 54. . ' - ‘ ward

4° Apr.

A1799 *

tt-w^ Kualchbu'l, and Mr. 5T do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Market Harborough and Brampton Road Bill, re ported.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts, pafi'cd in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Hin the County of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of in

the County of Huntingdon, was committed.

Mr. Dickins accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fub-Icribed, being Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, within the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, and of other Persons having frequent Occasion to travel froda Market Harborough aforesaid to Ding ley, Brampton, Stoke Albany, Witba, Cottingham, H'eston, Ashley, and Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, and to Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and divers other Places in the said Counties; and also, the Petition of ^the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Foot of a certain Bridge in the Parish of Little Bozvden, in the County of Northampton, commonly called Saint Mary's Bridge, to the West Side of the Toll Bar at the North End of the Town of Rockingham, in the said County, referred to their Consideration, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition of A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of dewtrrf the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, in the County Liverpool, Palatine of Lancaster, in Behalf of themselves, and all W other the Inhabitants of the same Parish, was presented Im. to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for

better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water from certain Springs in the Township of , in the County Palatine of 3 and, Setting forth.

That, for Time immemorial, the Town of Liverpool, and the Shipping the re, have been, and still are, supplied with good Water from several Wells within the same Parish, the Owners or Occupiers whereof have been rated to the Relief of the Poor, and for other Parochial Purposes, in common with the Owners and Occupiers of other Property lying within the same Parish; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, should the Clause of Exemption contained in the said Bill pass into a Law, the Revenues of the said Parish, and consequently the Petitioners', and all other the Inhabitants of will be considerably affected: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Clause, and any other Clauses in the said Bill, or that may be brought into the fame, having for their Object an Exemption of the Proprietors of the said Water, or the Works to be erected under the Authority of Parliament, from Taxation in Aid of the Public Levies of the said Parish of Liverpool.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ^Consideration of the Committed, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by 6

themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in

Common Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of this Instant might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend " the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders,'' as relates to the Punishment of burning in the Hand of certain Persons convicted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Rochester;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Three Weeks, the x 7th Day of May next.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " Friday Three " Weeks, the 17th Day of May next," and inferring the Words, " this Day Four Months," instead thereof.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Three Weeks, the 17th Day of May next.

Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and " amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of certain Offenders," as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather," and to repeal Parts of the said Act relating to the buying of Hides, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed- ,

Resolved,

Petition of Corporation of Liverpool, referred, and Counsel ordered.

Felony Bill, presented-( Expiring Law.)

Rocheftef Theatre Bill, deferred.

Bill relating to Judges Lodgings at Affi7.es, presented.

(Expiring

Law.)

Tanners, &c» Indemnity Bill, committed.

3 Geo. III. 24°.

A

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House--wifi, upon- Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the hud Bilh

J^btors Bill, Mr, Abbot- presented to the House, according to Spiring Order, a Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in law.) the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their 'Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and ' for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the ' Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath, their Effects for their Creditors Benefit:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rifehtedi That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Transoorta- Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, (Expiring several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons

law.) and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Re-

moval of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ifcnfttntianr Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to

Stftnted. Order, a Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited,

(Expiring lb much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of

1 w-) the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act

" to explain and amend the Laws relating to the " Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of certain Offenders," as relates to Penitentiary Houses: And the same was received} and read the ' First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

information The House being informed that Mr. Owen (from ^di«JtevwM the Directors of the India Company) attended at Account^ the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented presented. |Q the House, *

A Paper, intituled, " Information submitted to the Honourable House of Commons, by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, relative to the u Accounts ditefted to be laid before the House by " the Act of the Thirty-third of His present Majesty, " Cap. 52. Sect. 126."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Scotch Cre-drtors Bill, pre-fen ted. ^Expiring

Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called ScotlandAnd the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Orerfcert Assistant BiJl, deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Vol. 54.

ilti. k

Appointment of Ferfcha to aftift the Overseers of the Poor,-was re-committed 5

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom tke Bill for Committed on making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, {^1"d£,n£ock for the greater Accommodation and Security of Ship- Evidence. 01 ping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, is committed, do forthwith report to the House the Minutes of the Evidence which they have taken.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill.for Committeeon rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, Ba"di>.Port the Port of London, is committed, do forthwith report ' to the House the Minutes of the Evidence which they have taken.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Bill to extend Session of Parliament, intituled, " Arv Act for making Transfers of " perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, ill stock for Purthe Manner therein stated, the several Sums of " Money now charged in Great , as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of !

" March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyeight," might be read.

.And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given-to bring in-a- Bill-to extend the Time for allowing the Transfer of Stock bn Contrafts entered into under the said Act, prior, to the x ft Day of May 1799, and for registeringfoch Contrafts: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepaae,-and bring in, the fame. ... . - - .

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Thinjl Bill to limit Reading of the Bill (qow ingrossed) to- prohibit the 5he T'radi"Li Trading for Slaves on the Coast of within the Third *

certain Limits, be now read. v Tim.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

Then the Counsel against the Bill was called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of the Merchants of trading to Africa, and also the Petition of the Planters,

Merchants, and others, interested in the British fVtf Indies, which were presented to the House upon the 3d Day of this Instant April, and Yesterday, were like wife read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petitions, and went through his Evidence.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding, upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.'

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, defer-, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole red‘

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, -That this House will, upon Friday Morning ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means, defer-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for red' railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- b:d to mend ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Time for upon the Bill to enable the Commercial Commissioners, rnT<Tnn-C" appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in come, de-this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties ferred-upon Income, and of another Act of this Session, for

6 G amending

b>

48 2 24° — 2 5

amending the said Act, to extend the Time limited, by the said (aft-mentioned Att, for receiving the Returns of Income.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 25° die Aprilis;

Anno 39 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1799. Prayers.

Sherborne in- OIR John Mordaunt presented to the House, accord-

el0fUreJji11,w ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-pre ent , cfofing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds,

. and Common or Waste. Lands, within the Parish of

Sherborne, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend The House was moved. That the the Report which, Avon°Car.a?n upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to Aa^ordered. whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, and also another Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon . Avon Canal Navigation, to vary the Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed to be made by an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course 1 ,.. of a Navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, by another AA, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts: And that Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. and Mr.

Lygon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report of , Sir John. William Anderson, pursuant to the Order of keiibeforetbe House oiHfellerday, reported from the Committee, Committee on ,to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and London Port for better regulating, the Port of London, is com-1 ‘ mitted, the Minutes of the Evidence taken by them;

.which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table.

The said Minutes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee to Ordered, That the said Committee do report to the report from House, from Time to Time, the Minutes of the Evi-imeto ime. (jence foa]j be taken by them.

Report of Mr. Manning, pursuant to the Order of the House of Evidence ta- Yesterday, reported from the Committee, to whom the Committee Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other ^London Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of BillS' C Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, is committed, the Minutes of the Evidence taken by them; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table.

The said Minutes are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

' Aprilis. A. 1799.

Ordered, That the said Committee db report to the Committee to House, from Time to Time, the Minutes of the Evidence which' shall be taken by them.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom Bonington the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Land of the Annual Value of £.7. 10 s.who was neuter; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosufo is of the Annual Value of £. 307.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: .

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

- ‘ - *

T

Mr. Buxton presented to the House, according to Chestunt In-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Lammas Mea- pIt€n dows, and a certain Common called Cheshunt Common, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabi- Petition rei»-tants of the County of Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance in Magorand of Leave granted by the House, on the 21st Day of March last, Notice of the Application to Parliament for repairing the Road leading from and out of the Turnpike Road between Abergavenny and Ragland, at or near a House known by the Sign of The White Swan, in the Parish' of Lanarth, in the County of Monmouth, through the Parishes of Lanarth, and Lantillio

Grojfenny, to join another Turnpike Road, commonly called The Landilo Road, leading from Abergavenny to Monmouth, at or near the Hojlrey Public House, in the Parish of Lantillio Groffenny, in the said County, was given at the last Easier Sessions, holden for the County of Monmouth, and Three Times in the Newspaper called The Gloucester Journal, in the present Month of April: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for repairing and widening the said Road, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet. ~ '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bur don, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Shaw Lefeyre presented to the House, according Graltliorpe to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common p

Pastures,

The Lords btTe agreed to

Great Staugh-ton and Kim-bolton Roads

m

DtSmfriesand Roxburgh Roads Bill.

Horton Inclo-fare Bill, with Amendments.

Accounts from Chamberlain's Office, predated.

39 GeO. HI. Uprilis *

Pastures, Common Groufids, and Wafre Grounds, in the Lord ship of Grqjlhorpe, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was receivedj and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlament, the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Brown's , in Great Staughton, in the County of to the

Way Poll, near Wellingborough , in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton to the Way Poll near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon; without any'Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, to continue in Force for Twenty-one

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next. Session. of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ft>r dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of , in the County of Buckingham; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of, this House.

And then the Mefifengers withdrew.

The House beifig iftfofmed that Mr. Montague (front the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, on the cth of July 1798: And also,

A.n Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the said City and Liberties (thereof, &c. from the 29th September

1797, exclusive, to the 29th September 1798, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, from the 31 R. December 1797, exclusive, to the 31st December

1798, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of , in pursuance of an Act for widening and improving the Entrance into the City, near Temple Bar, and for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow , from the 31st December 1797, exclusive, to the 31st December 1798, inclusive: And also,

An Account' of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of , in pursuance of an Act for repairing the Common Sewer in New Bridge Street, Blackfriars, from the 31st December 1797, exclusive, to the 31st December 1798, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and , paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of

Vol. 54.

lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing, Friars

Bridge, from the 29th September 1797, exclusive, to the 29th September 1798, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street or Opening from Moor-fields, opposite Chiswell Street, towards the East, into Bishopsgate Street, &c. from the 29th September. 1797 exclusive, to the 29th September 1798, inclusive. *

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Friday last, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, the Bill to prevent Combinations among Colliers, and other Persons employed in the Collieries, and to regulate their Wages and Services, and the Conduct of Coal Owners and Lessees in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, to the House, That their Address of Tuesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty!; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House, according to Order, tefolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Reports which, upon the 2 2d Day of cember, and the 19th Day of March last, were made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Lawrence Palk took the Chair of the Corn mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Lawrence Palk reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Minutes of the Evidence, which were this Day reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, is committed, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Minutes of the Evidence, which were this Day reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, is committed, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Monday next, the Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Pur-

poles,

Scotch Colliers Bill, d ferred *

Answer to Address.

Committeeon Reports of Herring Fisheries.

Minutes Evidence to be printed. London Fort.

London

Docks.

Seditious Societies Bill, deterred.

A. 1799-

poles, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditions Practices, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Dill be read a Second Tirite upon Tuesday Morning next.

FeloayBUi, \ Bill for making perpetdal lo mtich of aifl Act, (Earing made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His prelaw.) sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain arid amend

* the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprison- ment, and other Purillhment, of certain Offenders," as, relates to the Punishffifent of burning in the Hand of certain Persons corivifted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Cohi-mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, Thkt this House Will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upbri the said Bill.

Bill for making' perpetual so much of an Act, made Lodgu^gs, at in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Affixes, com- Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the (Expiring " Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, I w.) " and other Punishment, of certain Offenders," as re-

lates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizes, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-fee of the whole House.

Resolved,'That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Dtbtm ! Bill, A Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the (Et^iring ' Thirty-third-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

liw.) intituled, "An Act for the further Relief of Debtors,

" with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, " and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Exe- cution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for " Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, " to make Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath, their " Effects for their Creditors Benefit," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whale House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Tnafportt- A Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, fe-

tom veral Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons,

(Expiring and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Re-1 w-) moval of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, ThaX. this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholfc House, upon the said Bill.

penitentiary A Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, so House Bill, much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of thfc (Expiring Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to law.) " explain and amend the Laws relating to the Trans-

" portation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of " certain Offenders," as relates to Penitentiary Houses, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

3

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, Scotch Credi-tnade in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His pre- committed, sent Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors (Expiring more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was, according to Ofder, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed so a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon To-mdrrow Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next , resolve itself into i, Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made ill the Bill to Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to faife And embody a " Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That in Act, made ib the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " Afl Act to " give further Time for executing, find for enlarging,

" the Powers of an Act, made in the last Sefiiori df " Parliament, intituled, An Act to raise and embody a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act made iii the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act " to enable His Majesty to call out a Part of the " Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

* and to amend an- Act, made in the last Session of " Parliament, intituled, An Act to raise and embody " a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of " Great Britain called Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Acts Arid that Mr. Secretary the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. and Mr.

William Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a ' Bill for ind« t better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company: RecruUing And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr., William Dundas, Bill, ordered. Mr. Theophilus Metcalfe, Mr. Hufkiffon, and Mr. Brodrick, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon RH to extend Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- givenla c r-mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill tain Cafes in to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal ^^ad, de" Informations, and, in certain Cafes, to authorize the Detension of Persons in Prison until Trial, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Bill to extend ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commercial Com- tarw o/ln- 7 missioners, appointed under the Authority of an Act, £ " id ' passed in this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income; and of another Act of this Session, for amending the said Act, to extend the Time limited by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns or Income.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,

39 Geo. III.

260 — 290

485

Committee on Mr. Palmer's Agreement, deferred.

Veneris, 26° die

Anno 39 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

T

House resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Long Preston inclosure and Drainage Petition, reported.

1H E House was moved. That the Order, made

__ upon the 17th Day of this Instant for the

House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday next, to consider of the Agreement made between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and John , Esquire, relative

to his Appointment to be Comptroller General of the Poll Office; and also, of his Conduct in that Employment, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'tuesday Seven-night, the 7th Day of May next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Lafcelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Rirtwhijlle, Esquire, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dire (fled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Swale, being examined, said. That there are, within the Township of Long Preston, in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the County of York, several Open and Undivided Fields and Parcels of Ground, containing together, by Estimation, One Hunr dred and Fifty Acres, or thereabouts; also, several Undivided Stinted Pallures, containing, by Estimation, Four Hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and also, certain Parcels of Ground, called Long Preston Ings, within the said Township, containing upwards of One Hundred and Fifty Acres: That the Petitioners are the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the said Open Fields and Ings, and also Owners of the Cattle Gates or Beast Gates on the said Stinted Pallures, and the said Lands and Grounds in the said Open Fields lie dispersed and intermixed with each other; and the said Parcels of Ground, called The Jugs, are frequently overflowed by Water from a

certain Rivulet, called Long Preston Beck, and from a certain River, called Ribble. And the Witness further laid. That the said Open Fields, Ings, and Stinted Pallures, are not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be if the said Rivulet, called Long Preston Beck was banked, the said Lands, called The Ings, drained, and the said Open Fields and Stinted Pallures divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pallures, within the Township of Long , in the

Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for embanking and draining several Parcels of Ground within the same Township, called Long Preston lugs: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vox# 54-

Sir John Mordaunt presented to the House, according Bill to amend to Order, a Bill for authorizing the Company of Pro- Avon°GinaP prietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation to Acts, preicut-vary thcCourse of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed ed‘ to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a Navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Pari lit of Lap-'worth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, by

another Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee of Secrecy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the First Day " of AuguJlOne thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-

" nine, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British " Vessels from the Coast of ."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting certain Goods, imported from the East Indies, to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereon.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Reports which, upon the 22d Day of December, and the 19th Day of March last, were made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunes, 29 die Aprilis;

Anno 390 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

Mr. Speaker reported, That both Houses attended King's His Majesty, on Friday last, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most both Houses, Gracious Answer:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I receive, with the greatest Satisfaction, the deliberate Opinion of My Two Houses of Parliament on this interesting Subject; and you may depend on My embracing the first favourable Opportunity of communicating to My Parliament of Ireland the Propositions which you

6 H have

Committee on Report from Committee of Secrecy, deferred.

Bill to amend Act for regulating the shipping of Slaves, deferred.

East India Goods BiUj deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Report from Committee on Reports of Herring Fisheries, deferred.

Rowley Regis Inclosure Bill, reported.

Member added to bring in Manowder Inclosure Bill.

Bill presented.

Ardwick Green and Wilmslow Roads Bill, presented.

Sherborne Inclosure Bill, committed.

Petition relative to Notices for Provision

A.

1799.

have laid before Me, as calculated to form the Basis of the County of was referred; That the in Major wd

of a complete and entire Union between Great Britain Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- ^taSiire' and Ireland. tion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap- purlca.

Such a Settlement, established by mutual Consent, peared to them, to the House; and he read the Report and founded on a Sense of mutual Interest and Affec- in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's tion, would, I am persuaded, produce the happiest Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Effects in promoting the Security and Happiness of viz.

both Kingdoms, and in confirming and angmenting the To prove the Allegations of the Paid Petition, Mr.

Stability, Power, and Relources of the Empire. William being examined, said, That in pur-

fuance of Leave granted by the House on the Second

Lord Granville LevefonGozcer reported from the Com- Day of March last, Notice of the Application to Parlia-mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and ment for repairing the Road leading from and out of the inclosing, certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Com- iurnpike Road between Abergavenny and Ragland, at or monable Places, within the Parish of Rowley Regis, in near a House known by the Sign of The Swan, in

the County of Stafford, was committed; That the the Parish of north, in the County of Monmouth, Committee had examined, and found that the Stand- through the Parishes of and

ing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, Groffennto join another Turnpike Road fcommonly. had been complied with; and that the Committee had called The Landilo Road, leading from Abergavenny to ' examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Monmouth, at or near the Hojlrcy Public House, in the same to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had parish of Lantillio in the said County, was given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of given at the last Easter Sessions, holden for the County the Committee (except One Person, whole Property is of Monmouth, and Three Times in the Newspaper, afiefl'ed to the Land Tax, at £.1.4s. per Annum, who called The Gloucester Journal, in the present Month of refused to sign the Bill; and also, except several Persons, April.

whole Property is assessed at £$. 3 s.per Annum, who Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, were neuter; and that the whole Property, interested to whom the' Bill for more effectually repairing, widen-in the Inclosure, is assessed at £. z 13. 5 r. 4 d.per Annum; ing> and improving, the Road from the Village of Magor, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to to the Bridge-foot, in the Town of Chepstow, in the oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, unto, which they had directed him to report to the is committed; that they have Power to make Provision House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- ln the said Bl11 for repairing the Road leading from and wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at out of the Turnpike Road between and the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once Raglanat or near a House known by the Sign of The read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by M'liite in the of Lanarth, in the County of

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Monmouth, through the Parillies of Lanarth, Penrose, and were agreed to by the House. Lantillio Groffenny, to join another Turnpike Road, com-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be monly called The Road, leading from Aberga-

inorofled. vennyto Monmouth, at or near the Hojirey Public House,

0 in the Parish of Lantillio in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis John Browne be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable George John Earl Spencer.

Mr. Francis John Browne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Mapowder, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, " and turning, the Road from Ardwick Green, near " Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge " at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County of " Chester:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands within the Parish of Sherborne, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Sturgis, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

4

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Bill, paired. Places, within the Parish of Bellbrougliton, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title b^. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manors of Forfield, Bromhill, Bellbroughton, and Brians Bell, in the Parish of Bellbroughton, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the' Bill to the 1

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Berthoud . the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for ported and naturalizing Henry Berthoud, was committed; That the passed. Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to pattingham, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the indoors Arable Lands, intermixed Fields, Meadows, and Paf- ed. 'Pteleat' tures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the respective Manors of Pattingham and Paljin the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

Cumberworth Inclosure Bill, committed.

hilt for confirming Ran-worth Inclosure, committed.

tureens Norton Inclosure Bill, reported.

Taunton Roads Bill, committed.

Grafthorpe Inclosure Bill, committed.

Newark, See, Roads Bill, reported.

39 Geo. III. 290 A 487

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cumberworth, with Cumberworth Half, in the Parishes of Silkstone and Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur don, Mr. ry, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of RanzuorWi, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Afley, Mr. Bullock, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. tdickins reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows; Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Greens Norton, and Hamlet of Duncott, in the Parish of Greens Norton, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 68 Acres of Land, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed'consists of 1,400 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose_ the BUI); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for altering, enlarging, and repealing, some of the Provisions in an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of and

other Roads adjdining thereto, in the County of Somerset; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to a Road from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper s Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the same County, and for making, and keeping in Repair, the same Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Mr. Go>v Langton, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclCfing, the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Grafthorpe, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Sturgis, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. *

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering

Vol. 54.

and enlarging the lowers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Road, near Bingham, in the said County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House ;. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the'River Severn, at or near CreJJ'age, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same, was committed.

Mr. Hill accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where" the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the 'Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Lammas Meadows, and' a certain Common called Cheshunt Common, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sturgis, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for renewing and enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (among other Purposes) for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the " Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the Top of " Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover, and from Coleham Bridge to Longdon, " in the County of Salop," and for altering', amending, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of such last mentioned Act, was committed.

Mr. Hill accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Creflhge, &c. Roads and Bridge Bill, reported.

Chefliunt Inclosure Bill, committed.

Coleham Bridge, Church Stretton, <Sjc. Roads Bill, reported.

488

9° Apr.

A. 17 99.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Long Horse- Mr. Greypresented to the House, according to Order, pJthT&x. °r" a Bill for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads Bill, Road leading from Lo Bar or Gate on the

Poll Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horjeley, Weldon Bridge, and to the

River Breamish, and from thence to Cross, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend Mr. 'Tierney reported from the Committee, to whom cloture'Act, ^ie Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Power reported. ' of Exchange in an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common " Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other " Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of " Southill, in the County of ,"was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Bill is not within the Standing Orders of the , House, respecting Applications for Inclosure Bills, being

only for authorizing the Commissioners, appointed to carry the said Act into Execution, to make Exchanges of Lands or other Hereditaments, situate in the said Parish of Southill, for Lands or other Hereditaments situate in the same or any adjoining Parish, with the Consent of the respective Proprietors thereof; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irigrossed.

Long Prelton Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according Drainage Bill, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open presented. Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Long Freston, in the Parish of in the West Riding

of the County of York, and for embanking and draining several Parcels of Ground within the same Township, called Long Preston Ings: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging the Improvement of Lands, subject to the Servitude of Thirlage in that Part of Britain (...died Scotland: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr.

Hawkins Browne, and Mr. Fordyce, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, foi; the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingroiicd for stiveV, Ue- Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coail of krred.

Africa, within certain Limits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, bring the 0 to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an dipping of Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ^es'defer' " An Act for regulating, until the First Day of August " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the " shipping and carrying Slaves in Brit fit Vessels from " the Coast of Africa," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Tanners, &c. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon biije deferred the Bill to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, passed' in the Second Year of the Reign of King fames the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting " of Leather," and to repeal Parts of the said Act relating to the buying of Hides.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to extend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bullnto bT

1 . \ given m cer *

upon the Bui to extend the Bad to be given in Cafes ot tain Cafes in Criminal Informations, and, in certain Cafes, to autlio- ld> de~ rize the Detention of Persons in Prison until Trial, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Skipton and Clitheroe

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarg-Road Bill ing, and consolidating, the Powers of Two Acts, made committed. in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Skipton, in the County of York, to Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster, was read a' Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Goihcrton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-tommittedl1 ' mon> Fen Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Gof-berton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Hcaihcote, Mr. Vyner, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

x.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an E^che'uer ' Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued in Bills, Ordered, pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising an additional " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight."

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according Bill to amend to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty- Aas'pre^11 seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and fente'd.

Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Fart of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Williams (from Accounts of the Navy Office) attended at the Door; he was called chafedl^by-in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant the Navy to their Orders, ^nted pre *

An Account of the Quantity of Copper purchased for the LTle of His Majesty's Navy since the Year 1788;

distinguishing

39 Geo. III. 29" — 3o° Apritis 489

Minutes on Third Reading of the Bill to limit the Trading for Slaves, to be printed.

Bill to extend the Time for rec^ivinjj Returns of Income, deferred.

F.ift India Goods Bill, deferred.

Supnly, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

distinguishing the Years, and the Price paid for the same in each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity cf Shruff, or old Copper, returned by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy to Contractors, since the Year 1788; distinguishing the Years, and the Price received for the' same in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Minutes of the Evidence, taken upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'c of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, and of another Act of this Session, for amending the said Act, to extend the Time limited by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income;

Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon We due flay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Plantations, and for more than Mile from its Commencement, through his Land, which he has been at a very great Expence in improving, and has brought into a high State of Cultivation, and, if the present Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be rendered of considerable less Value; and that the said Bill will be highly injurious to the Property of the Petitioners, without any real Public Benefit, the present Turnpike Road being fully adequate to every public Purpose, and a much more safe, pleasant, and convenient Road for Passengers than the intended new Road can possibly be: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the Parts of the said Bill by which their several Properties may be affected or injured, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Hu/kiffon presented to the House, according to Raft India Order, a Bili for better recruiting the Forces of the East ' *

India Company: And the same was received; and read Bill, present-the First Time. ed *

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Report from whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Reports which, upon the 22d Day of Herring December, and the 19th Day of March last, were made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the

State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension,

be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Martis,30° die Aprilis;

Anno 39® Georgii III111 Regis, 1799.

Petition of A Petition of William Esquire, Charles

ap!inftS' Fetlip/acc, Esquire, and' the several other Persons whole Magor and Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners, Proprietors,-Roads°Biil&C and Occupiers of Lands in the Parishes of

Rif it on, Magor, and the Hamlet of Landevenny, in the County of Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of" the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of ChepJ/ow, in the County of , and several other

Roads in the Counties of , Hereford,

and Brecon-, and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners and Occupiers of a considerable Part of the Lands in the Line of the said Road, and apprehend that the same will be greatly injurious to their Property, and will not be attended with any Public Advantage; and that it is intended by the said Bill that the said new ltoad should go through the Land of the Petitioner William Kemeys, contiguous to, and near to, his Mansion House at Mayndee, in the Parish of where

he constantly relidcs, and his Gardens, Orchards, and Vot. 54.'

Praters.

THE House was moved. That the Petition of Cwdley

Thomas Be/!, of Cradley, in the Parish of ordered?''1,

in the Coujity of Worcester, and of Saint Edmund Hall, in the University of Oxford, Clerk, which was presented . to the House upon the 22d Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are petition r.-la-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and tiveto Notices others, Trullees for executing several Acts, made for b^d^iTJnds repairing the Road leading from The Man, in the and Paving »

Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckingion, in the County of , and also several ether Roads in the said Counties, and

6 1 also

v_

Commi tree on M.tyor and Cliepfiow, 5cc. Roads Bill, to lend for Persons, Papers, ami Records.

Petitions from Linlithgow, Ayr, ami Edinburgh, against Scotch Colliers Bill.

49°

30° Aprilis.

A. t799»

fell'o of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being inhabitants of the said Town of , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 8 th Day of March lad, Notices have been given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Wilts, and also in the Newspaper called The and Whichever 'journal \in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Notices of Application for Turnpike Bills and Paving Bills, that, Application having been made to Parliament for a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from The Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with, or lying near to, the said Road, a further Application was intended to be made for Provision being made in the said Bill, for making and maintaining a Road from the present Turnpike Road in the Market Place of Trowbridge, to join the same Road in Street, and

also from the said Turnpike Road in Fore Street, to join the same ltoad in Back Street, all in the Town of Trowbridge-, and also, that Application having been made for a Bill for paving the Footways, and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, a further Application was intended to be made for Provision being rhade in that Bill for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, within the Town of Trowbridge, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obdructions, within the said Town, and otherwise improving the same: And therefore praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bills for executing the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamberj and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

t

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot, in the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, and Brecon, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Colliers, as well Coal Hewers as Coal Bearers, at lundry Coal Works in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Colliers, as well as Coal Hewers as Coal Bearers, at the sundry Coal Works in the County of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Colliers, as well Coal Hewers as Coal Bearers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, now employed at sundry Coal Works in the Neighbourhood of Edinburgh-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to prevent Combinations among Colliers, and other Persons employed in the Collieries, and to regulate their Wages and Services, and the Conduit of Coal Owners and Lessees in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters; and Setting forth. That the said Bill is most arbitrary in its Principle, and is in direct Violation of the Personal Liberty of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the fame.

A Petition of sundry Coal Mailers, Coal Owners, and Lessees of Coal, in the Counties of Lanark, Renfrew, Stirling, and Dumbarton, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the same contains Clauses which the Petitioners conceive are highly objectionable, and will, in their Effect, be most detrimental to the Intered of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners also conceive there should be laid before the House, Evidence of the Mode of working at the different Coal Works in Scotland, and of a Variety of other Facts equally important and necessary, to enable Parliament to form a just Opinion of the Regulations proposed; but, as it will require Time to procure and to apply this immense Body of Evidence, as Time ha^ not been given for the due Consideration of the Bill, and all its Consequences, immediate and remote as it is, a Measur which is not confined to Coal Maders and Colliers, but extends to the Community, and more immediately concerns all Manufacturers, whole Exidence depends upon regular Supplies of Fuel, the Petitioners humbly conceive that a Bill, so momentous in its Consequences, and embracing so many Intereds, should not be precipitated through Parliament, bur should be seriously considered, after full Information had, and obtained, upon the Subject: And therefore praying. That the House will direct that Evidence of such Particulars, as shall appear to be necessary, shall be laid before them, before the Bill shall be passed into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the lame, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall Item meet.

A Petition of Laurence Craigie, Esquire, Lord Provod of the City of Glasgow, for himself, and in Name and Behalf of the Magistrates and Common Council of the said City, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the said Bill will not be confined in its Effects to Colliers or Coal Maders, or Persons concerned in the working of Coal, but it will extend to the Community at large; and that the Principle of the Bill appears to be impolitic and pernicious, in as much as it goes to impose Redraints which would destroy all Competition, and thereby diminilli the Number of Persons employed in working Coal, and that the Bill may therefore be attended with very serious Consequences, as well immediate as remote, to the Trade and Manufactures of the City of Glasgow, and its Neighbourhood, by obstructing or diminishing the Heady Supply of that Quantity of Fuel on which the Prosperity and Exidence of Trade depends: And therefore praying, in Behalf of the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow, as Guardians of the Intereds of its Inhabitants, that the said Bill may not pad into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, and Counsel, against the fame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a ' Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Tunnel, or Road, under the River Thames, from or near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to or near to Til-

bury

Petitions of Coal Owners of Lanark, &c. and Provost, &c. of Glasgow, attain It Bill.

Thames Tunnel Bill presented.

Liverpool Water Bill, reported.

Petition of Mr. Frere,&c. su^a in ft Magor ami Chep-liowr, &c. Roads BiUv

Bridport, Src. Roads Bill, ro~ pouted.

3 9 Geo. III. 3 oa dprilis. 491

bury Fort, in the County of F.Jfex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better l'upplying the Town and Port of 'Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lartcaster, was committed, and to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of in

Behalf of themselves, and all other the Inhabitants of the same Parish; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiff's, and Common Council, of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled, were l'everally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confutation upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 8th Day of May next.

A Petition of Edward Frcre, on Behalf of himself and ‘Thomas Cooke, Edward Kendall, and Jonathan Kendall, Partners with the Petitioner in certain Iron Works, in the County of Brecon, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from the Village of Mayor, to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepjlov:, in the County of Monmouth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Hereford,

and Brecon -, and Setting forth, That, by the said Bill, a Road is intended to be made from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called B/aen Deer, in the Parish of Lanelly, in the County of Brecon, to, or near to, a Place called Rhydd y Blew, in the Parish of Bedwelty, in the said County of Monmouth, to join and communicate with a Turnpike Road lately made from Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, towards the Town of Abergavenny, and that the said Road, if carried into Effect, would be extremely difficult to be executed, very injurious to the Petitioners, and inconvenient, if not totally ufelel's, to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agent, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to the Petitioners, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agent, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Francis John Browne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, altering, amending, and enlarging. Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from an Intrenchment on Ajkerivell Hill, through Bridport, to Penn; from Bridport to Beaminster; from the North End of the South Street of Bridport to Bridport Harbour-, from the North Turnpike Gate at Beaminster to Beaminster Wood, otherwise Wood Common, and to Lenham's Water, all in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Com *

Vol. 54.

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near Crejage, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore; and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, from or near Cressage, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Short, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Ajlieton Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for renewing and enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other Purposes, for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the " Market Place in Church Strettoti, and to the Top of " Lythzvood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover, and from Coleham Bridge to Longdon, " in the County of Salop," and for altering, amending, and enlarging the Term and Powers of such last mentioned Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the Top of Lyth-wood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover, and from Coleham Bridge to Longdon, and from the Fifth Mile Stone near Longdon, to the Turnpike Gate at Cajl/e Pulverbatch, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Ajlieton Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Lands and Marlhcs in the Parish of in

the County of Flint, and for fencing the said Marlhcs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr:

Mr. Patten, &c.: And they-are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Mr. William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, arid altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the

Turnpike

CrdTage, &c. Bridge and Roads Bill, pilled.

Coleham Bridge, Church Stiet-ton,&c.Road Bill, passed.

Whitford Tn-closure Bi!!. committed#

Bill to amend Leith Harboirr Act, presented.

Newark, Rends Bil),

palfed.

Morchioncfs of Annnn-dalt's Lihte Bill, reported, and pallid.

Temple Bar Improvement Petition, reported.

492 -30 Aprilis. A. 1799-

Turnpike Road from Nottingham to ,in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the ltoad, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of tire then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon "Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Fo/s Road, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Craigiehall, lying in the County of Linlithgow, and comprized in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sophia Marchioness of Annaudale, with Consent of William Marquis of Annandale her Husband, upon the Thirty-first July One thousand Seven hundred and Eight, and also for veiling certain Parts and Parcels of the Lands and Barony of Leny, lying in the County of Edinburgh, and comprized in a Disposition and Deed of Entail thereof, dated the Third November One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, granted by Sir Robert Myrton, of Gogar, Baronet, with Consent therein

mentioned, in Trustees, in Trull to sell or exchange the fame, and invest the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase or Exchange of -other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deeds of Entail; and for vesting in William Hope Weir, Esquire, of Craigiehall and Blackwood, and the same Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, certain other Parts of the said Lands, Baronies, and others, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, were read: And,

Philip Wyatt Crowther, Esquire, being examined, laid,

4

That considerable Progress hath been made in the Execution of the Works directed by the said Two Acts, but that the Money thereby authorized to be raised, is insufficient to answer the several Purposes thereof; That it is expedient the Land Tax charged on the Premises purchased, and to be purchased, for effecting the said Improvements, should be redeemed; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to eff'edl such Redemption, and to fulfil the useful Intentions of the said Acts, it will be necessary that -Power should be given them to raise a further Sum of Money. And the Witness added. That the said Acts are, in some other Respects, found defective, and require Explanation and Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, and for explaining and amending the said Acts: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to difl'olve the Marriage of the Moll honourable John James Marquis of A her corn with the Moll honourable Hamilton, his now Wife, and ro enable him to many again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that Counsel also appeared on the Part of the said Moll honourable Ce Hamilton; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Popham

Mr.Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue until the Twenty-fourth Day of One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and amend, an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling Rape Seed shall be

above a certain Limit; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free ol Duty, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Four; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Britain, un-

til the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Three; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glal's, as was to continue in Force for a limited Time, until the Fifth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkftiips to Solicitors and " Attornies, in any of the Courts in England therein " mentionedwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence

to

Committee oa Marquis of Abercorn's Divorce Bill.

The Lordt have agreed to

Rape Seed,&c. Bill.

(Expiring

Law.)

Bill to amend Attornies, tVc, Stamp Duty Aa.

Lea Bridge Roods Bill *

39 Geo. III.

36° rfpri

4£3-‘

Lofton Bridgfc and Little t)rayton fcadsBilL

Leigh Inclo fore Bill *

Clevedon tn-closure Bill.

Ballon Inclosure Bill, with an Amend snent.

Crinan Canal Bill, with Amendments.

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River at or near a Place dilled Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening Roads from thence into the great Roads at Snarejbfooke, in the County of Essex, and at in

the County of Middlesex j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Foston Bridge, in the County of , to

Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Tract or Piece ot Commonable Land called Leigh situate in the Tything of Leigh, in the Parish of Tet-minster, in the County of Dorf; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Clevedon, in the County of set j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, and all Commonable Places and Waste Lands, in the Parish of , in the County of Southampton; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual),. an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Y car of the Reign of Hispresent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan,

" in the Slure of Argyllwith some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers Withdrew.

Proceedings, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co-Reports"^?the P'es of die further Proceedings of the Lords Commis-Conunittee of sioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and of such other dercdCe> Proceedings as have taken place in consequence of Di-

rc redtions from them, respecting the Matters lifted in the several Reports of the Select Committee on Finance, in Addition to the Proceedings contained in the Papers presented to this House on the 12th of January and 19th of February 1798.

King's Con- A Motion being made, That the ingrafted Bill for nin1 'on^n dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, cioiurc'Bilh Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths,

Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish , of Honington, in the County of Suffolk, be now lead the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Bill paled. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Land:., Common Meadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Honington, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 54.

An ingrafted Bill to amend, and render more effec- Bill to amend tual, the Power of Exchange in an Act, passed in the ^ofar Act, Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in- polled, tituled, " An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open " and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste " Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

" in the Parish of Southill, in the County of Bedford,' *

Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, the Power of Exchange in an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and " Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands,

" and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in th®

" Parish of Southill, in the County of Bedford."

Ordered, That Mr. Tierney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Road B . in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, passe<i for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise 2 ffield, in the County of Oxford, through IVallingford and Wantage, to Faringdon, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Ttventy-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the '

Powers of Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the county of,

through Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to

Faringdon, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. George Vanjittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Thirlag Bill,. House, according to Order, a Bill for encouraging the Preftnted-Improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

And the same was received i and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Seditious So Reading of the Bill for the more effectual Suppression committed! of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee-of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, cmnndtt^of to consider further of the Report from the Committee Secrecy, de of Secrecy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

6 K Resolved,

Bill to extend Bail to be given in certain Caies in Scotland, deferred.

Scotch Colliers Bill, deferred.

Committee on Bill to extend the Time for receiving Returns of Income.

Instruction.

Bill to extend the Time for Transfers of Stock for Purchase of Land Tax, prdent-cd.

King's Con-jent toRowley Regis Intlo-sure Bill,

494 30° Apr His. — 10 Mali. A. 1799 *

Resolved, That this Doufe will, upon this Day Seven night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

' y'

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Informations, and, in certain Cafes, to authorize the Detention of Persons in Prison until Trial, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

« The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prevent Combinations among Colliers and other Persons employed in the Collieries, dnd to regulate their Wages and Services, and the Conduct of Coal Owners and Lessees, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, and of another Act of this Session, for amending the said Act, to extend the Time, limited by the said lait-mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income; .

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to amend the said Acts, so far as relates to the collecting and paying of the Duties thereby granted, and supplying Omissions, or rectifying Mistakes, in the Appointment of Commissioners. for executing the fame.

Then the House rel'olved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 1 .

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. *

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to extend the Time for allowing the Transfer of Stock on Contracts entered into under an Act, made in the last: Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and " Purchase in the Manner therein Hated, the several " Sums of Money now charged in Britain, as a

" Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day " of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyeight," prior to the First Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and for registering such Contracts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

G

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was redd the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Lord Granville Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Reports which, upon the 2,2d Day of December, and the 19th Day of March last, were made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement afld Extension, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercur it)i° die

: Anno 390 Georgii III'n Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

MR. Bernard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Walton, in the Parish of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Horton, iiv the County of Buckingham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 29. 1. 35. Leave out " Farhill " and inferl Whittaker." And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certaiir Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Pari fit of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford, be

now read the Third Time; - -

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, altering, amending, and enlarging, Two Acts passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, foe repairing the Roads from an Intrenchment on

Hill,

Bill paflab

iteport front Committee 06 Reports of Herring Fisheries, deferred.

Walton Inelo sure Bill, presented.

Lords Amend merits to Horton Inclosure Bill^greedtou

Bridport, kc. Roads Bill, passed *

39 Geo. III. T Man. 495

Hill, _ through Sr Upon, to Penn Inn; from Brrdport to Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, Beaminster; from the North End of the South Street of which cannot be repaid, unless some further Amend-Bridport to Bridport Harbour; from the North Turnpike ments are made to the said Act, and particularly that Gate at Beaminster to Beaminster Wood, otherwise Wood so much thereof should be repealed as provides an Common, and to Lenham's Water, all in tire County of Exemption from Tolls for certain Articles therein Ipe-Dorset, was read the Third Time. cified, and allows heavy Carriages on narrow Wheels to

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title pass at a low Rate, be. An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- explaining and amending Two Acts, passed' in the ment, the Term, and to waiter, enlarge, and repeal some Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of of the Provisions of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty- His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present and other Roads therein mentioned: And that

Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of Sir George Douglas and Mr. M‘Dowall do prepare, and the Roads from an Intrenchment on AJkerwell Hill, bring in, the fame. _

through Bridport, to Penn Inn; from Bridport to Beaminster; from the North End of the South Street of Sir George Douglas reported from the Committee, to Bridport to Bridport Harbour, from the North Turnpike whom the Petition of the several Persons thereunto Gate at Beaminster to Beaminster Wood, otherwise Wood subscribing. Owners and Occupiers of Land, adjoining Common, and to Lenham's Water, all in the County of and near to the River Tzveed, in the Neighbourhood of Dorset. Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, was referred; That

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the the Committee had examined, and found that the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills &r

building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the'" lords Amend The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-

torTlncioi^re An^dment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, tition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it iSJgrwdto. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open appeared to them, to the House; ^nd he read the Common Fields, Common Downs, and all Com- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at monable Places and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Easton, the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as in the County of Southampton. followeth; viz.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. loweth; viz. John Rennie being examined, said. That a considerable

Pr. 25. L 1. After " Diocese " insert " and the Number of Years since, a Bridge was built chiefly by " Patron of such Church-or Chapel." Voluntary Subscription, across the River Tweed, below The said Amendment being read a Second Time, its Junction witlj the nearat an Expence

was/upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the amounting to between Seven and Eight Thousand Pounds: House. That the said Bridge has been of great Advantage to that

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Part of the Country, but by the very high Floods of the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Tweed and Tiviot, in the Month of October 1797, the said to the Amendment made by their Lordships. Bridge was thrown down, whereby the Communication

to and from the Northern and Southern Parts of the $hottt, Glas- (Ordered, That Sir George Douglas do make the Report County of Roxburgh, as well as the neighbouring

gow, tcc. from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Counties of Berwick and Northumberland, has been o^rej^rted." Trustees on the Shotts Turnpike Roads, was referred. greatly impeded, as the Fords on the said River are Sir George Douglas accordingly reported from the said dangerous, and often impafiable. And the Witness Committee, That the Committee had examined, and added. That it would be of the greatest Advantage to found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative the Public to have the said Bridge rebuilt, but that the to Turnpike JJills, had been complied with; and that Expence of completing it will be so great, that the the Committee had examined the Matter of the said same cannot be done without the Power of levying a Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the Pontage on the said Bridge.

House; and he read the Report in his Place j and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where building a Bridge over the River Tweed, at or near the the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Town of Kelfoi in the County of Roxburgh: And that

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act Sir George Douglas and Mr. MDowall do prepare, and passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Ma- bring in, the fame, jesty's Reign, for altering and enlarging the Powers of-

an Act, passed in the Thirty-first; Year of the Reign of A Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants, Ma-His said Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Living- nufasturers, and others, resident at Manchester, and the stone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and Neighbourhood, who are interested in the Cotton Ma-other Roads therein mentioned; and for building a nufastures of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, Bridge over the River Clyde at or near Thieves Ford; and and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for permitting for opening and making a certain Street in or near the certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be City of Glasgow; for altering a Part of the High warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying anew thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and Line of Road to the North of the Shotts Hills, and Setting forth, That the same would, as the Petitioners another Line by the South, and for straitening and conceive, be highly prejudicial to the Cotton Manu-making the Roads more convenient; as also for altering fastures of this Country, if passed into a Law as it now the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hands; and that these Manufactures afford a national 'Hamilton, and for building a Bridge over the River Profit exceeding £. 3,000,000 Sterling per Annum, from Clyde, below the present old Bridge, called Bothwell Foreign Countries, and are highly deserving the Notice Bridge; as alto for'altering the Road from the Town of and Protection of the Legislature; and that Cotton HamiltonEastward, until it joins the great Road between Goods, imported from India, are used for the same Edinburgh and Glasgow, was read: And, Purposes as Goods, of a similar Description, manu-A Member present informed Your Committee, That fastured in Great Britain, and whilst the Bill in question the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the . proposes to lower the Duties on Goods so con-said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of fiderably, and to leave them chargeable with only Two Vov 54- w *

L

Kelso Bridge Petition, reported.

Petitiont from Manchester, Blackburn, Preston, and Bolton, against East India Goods Bill.

496 i° Man. \ 1799<

and a Half per Centum, on Exportation (fot which the

Merchant will be amply compenl'ated by the Facilities of bonding and warehousing) the consequent Reduction in the Prices of such Goods will operate as a serious Injury to the Sale of British Manufactures, and tnuft evidently subject every Individual, interested in this important Branch of Trade, to extensive Losses and Disadvantages; and that although the Petitioners entertain strong Doubts as to the Policy of holding out any Inducements which will have the Effect of increasing the Company's Importations of manufactured Goods, yet, if it shall appear expedient to bond and warehouse the Cotton Manufactures of India, the Petitioners trust that, when such Goods are re-exported, these Advantages will not exist to the Prejudice of British Manufactures in Foreign Markets, but ‘that the old Duties on Exportation may remain, otherwise the Confluences will be detrimental to the Manufacturing Interest of this Kingdom; and that the intended Duty of Two and a Half per Centum, on Goods and Merchandize

imported from India, apparently comprehends Cotton Wool, Indigo, and other Raw Materials, brought from thence for the Use of British Manufactures, a Burthen which the Petitioners conceive was scarcely intended by the Promoters of the Bill, but which, however, the Petitioners submit as necessary to be obviated by an express Clause for that Purpol'e: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, except with such Alterations and Amendments as are manifestly necessary to the Protection of British Manufactures in the several Instances before Hated; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or that such other Measures may be adopted, for the Purposes aforesaid, as to the House may appear most eligible.

A Petition oif the thereunder-signed Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, resident at , who are

interested in the Cotton Manufactures of this Kingdom, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the same would become highly prejudicial to the Cotton Manufactures of this Country, if passed into a Law; and that India Cotton Goods imported are not only limilar in Fabric, but are applied to the same Purposes of Consumption as Goods manufactured in Great Britain; and as the Duties on India Goods are proposed to be lowered so considerably, and only a Duty of Two and a Half per Centum, charged on Exportation (for which there will be an ample Compensation in the Facilities of bonding and warehousing) the consequent Reduction in the Prices of such Goods will become a serious Injury to the Sale of British Manufactures; and that, although the House may think it expedient to sanction the bonding and warehousing of Cotton manufactured Goods imported by the Company, the Petitioners trull that these Privileges will not be allowed to militate against the Sale of British Manufactures Abroad, but tli^t, by a Continuance of the old Duties, or some other adequate Means, such Advantages will be fully countervailed; and that several Raw Materials uled in the Manufactures of this Country, and brought from India for that Purpose, appear to fall under the proposed Duty of Two and a Half per Centum, which the Petitioners conceive was not intended by the Promoters of the Bill, and they submit the Necessity of an Alteration in this Respect: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, except with such. Amendments as will, in the several Cafes before Hated, afford competent Protection to the British Manufactures, or that such other Measures may be adapted to those Purposes, as the House shall approve.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, resident at Freston and the Neighbourhood, and interested in the Cotton Manufactures of this Kingdom, was also presented to the

House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the same cannot fail to be highly detrimental to the Cotton Manufactures of this ' Country if passed into a Law; and that these Manufactures, yielding as they do an Annual Profit to the Nation from Foreign Countries of £.3,000 000 Sterling, and upwards, are peculiar Objects of Legislative Protection; and that Cotton Goods imported by the East India Company are similar in Fabric with those manufactured in Great Britain, and applied to the same Purposes of Consumption; and, as the Bill in question proposes to lower the Duties on Goods, and to leave them only chargeable with Two and a Half per Centum, on Exportation (for which the Merchant will be fully compenl'ated by the Advantages of bonding and warehousing) the proportionate Reduction in the Prices of such Goods will form an Impediment to the Sale of British Manufactures, and subject all Persons therein interested to incalculable Losses and Disadvantages; and that, however strongly impressed the Petitioners may be with the Impolicy of giving the least Encouragement to the Company's Importations of manufactured Goods, yet, if it shall appear expedient to bond and warehouse the Cotton Manufactures of India, the Petitioners trust that, when such Goods are exported, these Advantages will not continue to the Prejudice of British Manufactures in Foreign Markets, but that the existing Duties on Exportation may remain, or that some other Means sufficient to countervail such Advantages may be lanCtioned, otherwise the Consequences mu ft be seriously felt by the Manufacturing Interest of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners cannot think it was intended by the Promoters of the Bill to include, in the proposed Duty of Two and a Centum, Cotton

Wool, Indigo, and other Raw Materials, brought from India for the Use of British Manufactures, although the Bill, as it now Hands, appears to have this Effect; and the Petitioners therefore submit the Propriety of an Amendment, for the Purpose of clearly exempting those Articles: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that such Alterations and Amendments may be made therein as are calculated to protect the British Manufactures in the several Cafes before-mentioned, or that the House will adopt such other Measures as will effectuate the Purposes fought for.

A Petition of the thereunder-signed Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, resident at Bolton, and the Neighbourhood, who are interested in the Cotton Manufactures of this Kingdom, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Alfa taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the same would, as the Petitioners apprehend, be highly injurious to the Cotton Manufactures of this Country if passed into a Law; and that Cotton Goods imported by the East' India Company are similar in Fabric with those manufactured in Great Britain, and applied to the same Purposes of Consumption; and that the Duty which the Bill in question proposes to retain of Two and a Half per Centum, on Exportation^ scarcely an Equivalent for the Privilege of bonding and warehousing, whilst the lowering of the old Duties will materially reduce the Prices of Indian Goods, and become an incalculable Injury to the British Manufactures; and that if the bonding and warehousing of Cotton manufactured Goods brought from India, shall appear to be a Measure

of Expedience, the Petitioners trust that these Advantages will not be permitted to operate against the Sale of British Manufactures Abroad, but that a Continuance of the old Duties will be provided for, or some Means deviled sufficient to counterbalance the Advantages before mentioned; and that Raw Materials, viz. Cotton Wool, Indigo, and others, imported from

India, and uled in the Manufactures of this Country, appear to be comprized (although probably without Intention) in the proposed Duty of Two and a Half per

Centum,

t

39 Geo. III. 10 Mail 497

Centum, and the Petitioners hope that a Clause of Exemption will, in this Respect, be introduced in the Bill: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, without such Amendments as will protect the Britishi Manufactures in the Manner before Hated, or

that such other Measures may be adopted for these Ends as the House may, in its Wisdom, deem expedient and proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

tereat Filing- Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom yn ported! Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Ground, within the Parish of Great Ein the County of

folk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed at £. 105. 5 s. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Owners of Estates assessed at £ 27. $s. per Annum, who were neuter; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed at the Annual Sum of £.859; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and , afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Gnldeford, General Norton reported from the Committee, to &c. Road whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and , reporte . en]arging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke, next Gnldeford, through Gnldeford, to Andreev's Croft, and to Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in Arundel, in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l'cveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Marquii of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Abercom's to difl'olve the Marriage of the Most honourable John pajTcdCeBl11 James Marquis of Abercorn, with the Most honourable

Cecil Hamilton, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

was read the Third Time.

Refotved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles William Rouse Boughton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that Vo l. 54.

this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according j^j^reanJ to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Bill, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Tliir- presented. teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intiluled, " An Act for enlarging the " Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First,

" Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his " late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and " enlarging the Road leading from the House called " The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret,

" in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein " mentioned, in the County of KentAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Dean of Guild and Merchants Petition from House of the City of Glasgow, was presented to the GuiW^ku of House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to prevent Glasgow, Combinations among Colliers, and other Persons employed in the Collieries, and to regulate their Wages and Services, and the Conduct of Coal Owners and Lessees in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal Bearers, and,

Salters; and Setting forth. That the Prosperity of ajl the Manufactures established in the City of G/afgozv, and the District of Country connected with it, and the very Existence of many of the most valuable and important Branches of these Manufactures, depend on a regular and plentiful Supply of Coal; and that the Petitioners are seriously apprehensive that the Restrictions and Regulations proposed by the said Bill, being, in several Re-spefts, different from those established respecting other Labourers, may, if passed into a Law, induce many bred Colliers to betake themselves to other Employments, deter others from engaging in or about Coal Works, produce Discontents, and occasion Stagnations in the Business, with Consequences ruinous to those engaged in the Coal Trade, and many important Branches of Manufacture, and highly distressing to all other Manufacturers, and to the Country at large: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Consideration thereof may be delayed to another Session of Parliament, or that such other Relief may be afforded in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Glasgow Two Reading of the Bill for continuing, and rendering more Pennies Scots effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of ®'"»comnut the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and Village of Gorbals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 15th Day of April last, praying to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, did not desire tQ be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the said several Persons be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

6 L and

49 8

l° Mail.

A.

1799,

and that the Retitioners'be heard, by themselves, Or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel, to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, again!! the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Committee Ordered, That the Reports of the Minutes of the confi'w Re°- Evidence taken by the Committee to whom the Bill ports of F.vi- for making Wet Docks Basons, Cuts, and other Works, fiigTomioa^ for ^ie greater Accommodation and Security of Ship-Docks, &c. ping. Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and also, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, are severally committed, be referred to the Consideration of a Select Committee; and that they do report their Observations, together with their Opinion, thereupon to the House.

And they are referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. Steele, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Sir

Andrew Snape diamond, Mr. George Vanjittart, Mr.

' don, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Abbot, Mr.

Fordyce, Mr. Douglas: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Means.311 fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Governors Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill'ordered. indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And that, the Lord Hazvkesbury, Mr. Douglas, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Copper Ex- The House was moved. That the Order made upon Bin deferred" 2 3^ Day of Aprillaft, for reading a Second Time, 1 ' . Tomorrow, the Bill to regulate the Importation and

Exportation of Copper, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 15th Day of this Instant May.

the ^Time for Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the

receiving Re- Report from the Committee of the whole- House, to turns of in- whom the Bill to enable the Commercial Commissioners, re'dtlCr appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament-, for granting certain Duties upon Income, and of another Act of this Session, for amending the said Act, to extend the Time limited by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to extend the Time for allowing the Transfer of Stock on Contrafts entered into tinder an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption " and Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth

t)ay of March One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight," prior to the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and for registering such Contrafts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upoit the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, was re-committed.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " immediately," and inlerting the Words " upon Friday Morning next " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " immediately" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon Friday Morning next," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Popham: .

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of more, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, which belonged to Patrick Dunbar, late of Machermore, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts of the said Patrick Dunbar, and his Predecessors, and the Sums with which he charged the said Estate; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage oi.Shuldha Peard, Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth , and to

enable

Bill to extend the Time for Transfers of Stock for Purchase of Lind Tax, conimit-ted.

dverfeersAffistant Bill, again re-coot mitted.

The Lends have passed

Dunbar's Estate BilL

Peard's Divorce BilL

30 Geo. III. i° Md'u. 499

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords re- The Lords have commanded us so acquaint this

ofReport°Py House, That the Lords, having under Confederation from Commit- several Papers containing Secret Information received by tee of Secrecy, jjis Majesty's Government, relative to the Proceedings of different Persons and Societies in Great Britain and Ireland, engaged in a Treasonable Conspiracy, and to the Design carried on by our Enemies, ih concert with such Persons and Societies, for effecting the Separation of Ireland from this Kingdom; and taking Notice that the House of Commons appointed a Committee of Secrecy, to take into Consideration certain Papers relative to the same Subject Matter, which Committee have made a Report thereupon, do request that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships a Copy of the said Report.

And then the Mefi'engers withdrew, wifffcmdan Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to Aafwer. that Part of the Message from the Lords, which requests that this House wiil be pleased to communicate to their Lordships a Copy of the Report made by the Committee of Secrecy appointed by this House, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

bird's p?- An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act voree Bill, '^0 Jiffolve the Marriage of Skuldham , Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second T^ime.

Dunbar's Ef- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tateB read. for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in 1 Scotland, to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Ma-chermore>\n the Stewartry of , which be-

longed to Patrick Dunbar, late of , Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts of the said Patrick Dunbar, and his Predecessors, and the Sums

with which he charged the said Estate, was read the First. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lords a- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Cn'nan CanaT Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Bin, agreed An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an 101 Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled,. " An Act for making " and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to " Loch Crrnan, in the Shire of Argyll''

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 2. After " Guardians," insert " Tutors " or Curators."

1. 11. Leave out " nor" and insert " Provided that nothing in this Act." The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-ships.

Reportfrorti Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving

Committee oft the Report from the Committee of the whole Idoufe, to Hemng ^iih- whom it was referred to consider further of the several eries.dcferred. Reports which, upon the 22d Day of December, and the 19th Day of March last, were made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, be now read.

Vol. 54.

And the said Ofder being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the Second India Reading of the Bill for better recruiting the Forces of R^umng the East India Company, be now read. Bill, deterred.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time uporf Friday Morning next.

The Ofder of the Day being read, for the House to Felony Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual so much of an Law.)

Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain " and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation,

" Irtiprisonment, and other Punishment, of certain " Offenders," as relates to the Punishment of burning in the Hand of certain Persons ^onvifted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning , next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill relating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, at

upon the Bill for making perpetual so much of an Act, Affixes, d'e-made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Hispre- ^rcd.-. sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and La^)5 " amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of certain Of *

* fenders," as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizes;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Debtors Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, (Expirin' upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in Law.) the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Relief of " Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Peffons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue " in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and " for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the " Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath,

" their Effects for their Creditors Benefits '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Transporta-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^fb'rred"B, U upon the Bill fot continuing, for a Time to be limited, (Expiring several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons, Law-) and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mofning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to East i"d>? resolve itself into a Committee of thfe whole House, deferred811' upon the Bill for permitting certain Goods- imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, that Printed Copy Part of the Message from the Lords, of this Day, frons^om. which requests that this House will be pleased to committee of Se« municate to their Lordships a Copy of the Report, made by the Committee of Secrecy appointed by this House.

Ordered, That a printed Copy of the said Report be communicated to their Lordships.

Ordered,

500

i° — 2° Mail. 1799 *

Supply, de-ferfed.

ChurchStaun-ton Inclosure Bill, presented

Petition relative to Notices for Trowbridge Roads and Paving Bills, reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do go to the Lords, and deliver a printed Copy of the said Report, as desired by their Lordships.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majestyj

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

'...Wl.i.W .-....

Jovis, 2° die Mail;

Anno 39® Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1799.

Pray ess.

MR. Morland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Church Staunton, in the County of Devon: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndliam reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees for executing several Acts, made for repairing the Road leading from the Green Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and also several other Roads in the said Counties, and also of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Inhabitants of the said Town of Trowbridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Way being examined, said, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 8 th Day last. Notices have been given at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Wilts, and also in the Newspaper called The and

chester Journal, in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the . House, relative to Notices of Applications for Turnpike Bills and Paving Bills; that Application having been made to Parliament fot a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Green Alan, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with, or lying near to, the said Road, a further Application was intended to be made for Provision in the said Bill, for making and maintaining a Road from the present Turnpike Road in the Market Place of Trowbridge, to join the same Road in Silver Street, and also from the said Turnpike Road in Fore Street, to join the same Road in Back Street, all in the Town of;

and also, that Application having been made for a Bill for paving the Footways, and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, a further Application was intended to be made for Provision in that Bill for cleaning the Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, within the Town of Trowbridge, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances and Obstructioxls, within the said Town, and otherwise improving the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle- instruction?. men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Green Alan in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beck-ington, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with, or lying near to, the said Road, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for making and maintaining a Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Market Place of Trowbridge, to join the same Road in Silver Street, and also a Road from the said Turnpike Road in Fore Street, to join the same Road in Back Street, all in the Town of Trowbridge.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for paving the Footways, and for lighting the Streets,

Lanes, and Public Passages, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages, within the said Town, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and otherwise improving the same.

A Petition of the Directors of the Chamber of Petitions of Commerce and Manufactures, established by Royal tkeChamber Charter, in the City of Glafgtnv: And also, £nd Trades '

A Petition of the Conveener, Deacons of the Four- House of teen incorporated Trades, and the other Members of the against Scotch Trades House of the City of Glasgozv; Colliers Bill.

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to prevent Combinations among Colliers, and other Persons employed in the Collieries, and to regulate their Wages and Services, and the Conduct of Coal Owners and Lessees in that Part of Great Bri-. tain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland respedcing Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are apprehensive that any Re-llriCrion laid upon the Colliers, different from other Descriptions of Workmen, will not only afledt. those concerned in the Coal Trade, but may prove highly injurious to the Manufactures of this Country, which depend on a regular and constant Supply of that Article, a Stagnation of which would be attended with Distress and Ruin: And therefore praying the House to delay the Consideration of a Matter of such Importance, until another Sdlion of Parliament, that all concerned may have Time to examine and consider the Tendency thereof, or to afford such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Al'Dowallpresented to the House, according Shott , Glas-

to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-full and Thirty-second Years presented.' of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of to the

City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, Port Glasgow several Acts for charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, Two^enniw or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint Scots Bill, of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the Towns of com)Iutt{i

Port

Order for re-

ferring Houghton and South Stoke Inclosure and Roads Petition, discharged.

Bill for the Inclosure, ordered.

Report Ways and Means *

exchequer

Bills *

/Tanners, &c. Indemnity Bill, deferred *

Committee on London Docks Bill, See. to report forthwith.

39 Geo. III. 2° Mail 501

Port Glasgow and Newark, and Privileges thereof, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. M'Dowall, Mr. Ferguson, &c.: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 23d Day of April last, for referring the Petition of the most Noble Charles Duke of , Earl Marshal of England, and the humble Petition of other Persons, whose, Names are thereunto subscribed, to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was also moved. That the said Petition might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Houghton and South Stoke, in the County of Sujex: And that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Morritt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr., Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, " Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather," and to repeal Parts of the said Act relating to the Buying of Hides, be now read.

And the said Order being reUd accordingly

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, is committed, do report forthwith to the House.

Revenue; and that a Plan has been laid before the Petitioners by Mr. R. Dodd, Engineer, for the Improvement of the Port of London, by Means of a Variation in London Bridge, to admit the Shipping through, and by deepening the River, and building Quays and Warehouses on each Shore, between London and Black-friars Bridges, which Plan seems to embrace the Objcdts of Accommodation and Security to Shipping, and of affording perfect Protection, better than any Plan which has been yet proposed, with the additional Advantages of its being attended by a comparatively small Expence and Loss of Time necessary for its Execution, and without laying any additional Expence on Shipping, and, above all, that it will not occasion any Subversion of Property, or turning Trade from its present Course, and removing the Seat of Commerce; but that such Plan \Vas not laid before the Petitioners until the ill Day of April last, nor was it determined upon to make Application for a Bill until the ift Day of this Month: And therefore praying. That, under the particular Circumstances of the Cafe, they may have Leave to present a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for carrying the intended Plan into Execution, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Condderation of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as defiled by the said Merchants, Traders, and Wholesale Dealers.

Then a Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Wholesale Dealers, of the City of London and Borough of Southwark, and others interested in the Trade and Commerce of the River Thames, and the Improvement of the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read j Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and praying the House to take the several Matters before-mentioned into Consideration, and hear Evidence in Support of the proposed Plan, in order to shew its decided Superiority before all others, and afterwards, that they may be permitted to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of carrying the intended Plan into Execution, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Reports of the Minutes of the Evidence taken by the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet. Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and also to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, are severally committed.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Informations, and, in certain Cafes, to authorize the Detention of Persons in Prison until Trial, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Petition for A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Whole-

fcnfVa Petition Dealers, of the City of London and Borough of The House was moved. That the Order, made upon

for making a 'Southwark, and others interested in the Trade and Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com London1 m Commerce of the River Thames, and the Improvement mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill Bridge"&c. of the Port of London, was presented to the House, and for the more effectual Suppression of Societies establish-read; Setting forth the great Want of Accommoda- ed for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for Pre-' tion for' the increased Trade of the Port of London, vention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices, and the absolute Necessity of the speedy Adoption of might be read.

some Plan that will afford such Accommodation, as And the said Order being read accordingly} well as Dispatch to Shipping, and Protection to the That the said Order be discharged.

Vo L. 54 6 M Resolved,

Leave given.

Petition pre iented.

BH1 to extend

Bail to be given in certain Cafes in Scotland, deferred.

Seditious Societies Bill, deferred.

Bill to limit

the Trading for Slaves, passed.

2° Maii. A. 1799.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said Proceeding.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for appointing Commissioners to take an Account of Damages in consequence of this Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for restraining Ships employed in the Slave Trade, from touching at any Part of the prohibited Coast; and if it arises from any necessary Cause, the Ship shall not depart without making a Report to the proper Officer.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with certain pecuniary Penalties;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into'a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Buxton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed Kim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twiye read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring. That, in Prosecutions under the Act, if the Defendant proves that the conveying and importing Slaves into the prohibited District was involuntary, or for the Preservation of the ' Slaves, the same shall be a sufficient Defence.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for restraining Persons from taking Slaves on Board, without having cleared out for that Purpose, and directing the Surgeon to keep an Account of Slaves taken on Board.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with certain pecuniary Penalties;

1

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the said Clause, and made le-. veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Wilberforce accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had tnade to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the BUI, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the Punishment of Persons taking false Oaths.

And the said Clause wa£ Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part, of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way, of Ryder, for obliging the Masterof every Slave Ship touching at the prohibited Coast, tp make a Declaration, on Oath, at the First Port, of the Cause thereof.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice react with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a pecuniary Penalty; .

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee. of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Wilberforce accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question piit thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by thb House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that the

Journal

39 Geo. III. 20 Mali. 503

Journal sworn to by the Surgeon, shall be deemed Evidence of the Place where any Slave was taken on Board.

And the said Clause was Thrice read 1 and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent Slave Ships from- hovering within a certain Distance of the prohibited Coast.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a pecuniary Penalty >

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a . Comfrnittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when, the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Wilberforce accordingly reported from the said Committee, the'Amendment which the (Committee had made #b the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question -put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. *

Tellers for the Yeas, 5a.

Tellers for the No-. } 77-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the said Clause was agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way-of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 38. After " any," to insert " of the " said."

1. 39. To leave out " Bland," and insert " Blands," instead thereof.

Pr. .4. 1:22. After " Africa," to insert " hereinbefore-mentioned and described^'

_ . I.23. After "Place," to insert "thereof-"

Pr. 5. 1. 3. To leave out from " Blands" to " And," in Pr. 8.1. 6.

Pr. 13. 1. 20. To leave out from "fame" to "And," in Pr. 14.1. 9.

Pr. 18. . To leave out from the Beginning of

the Press to " the," in L 3.

1. 7. To leave out from "Slaves", to the

End of I.12.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally. put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly,.

Yoe. 54.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Lord Viscount 1 I

Tellers for the Yeas, \ grave, t Mr. Pybus: J [ 59 *

Tellers for the Noes, J Mr. Sewell, ? Mr. Andrews: } 23‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit the Trading for Slaves on the Coast of Africa, within certain Limits.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, 'for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the First Day of August " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, the " shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from " the Coast of Africabe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the State of His Majesty's Prison in Cold Bath , Clerkenwell, and to report the fame, as it should appear to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon T-ttefday next, to consider of the Agreement made between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and John Pal mer, Esquire, relative to his Appointment to be Comptroller General of the Poll Office; and also, of his Conduct in that Employment, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 10th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That £he Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday next, to consider further of the Report from the Committee of Secrecy, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-knight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed under the Authority of an Act, palfed in this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, and of another Act of this Session, for amending the said Act, to extend the Time limited, by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Time for allowing the Transfer of Stock on Contrafts entered into under an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act

Bill to amend Act for regu-latiijg the shipping of Slaves, deferred.

Confederation of Reoort of Committee on Cold B th Fields Prison, deferred.

Committee on Mr. Palmer'l Agreement, deferred.

Committee on Report from Committee of Secrecy, deferred.

Bill to extend the Time for receiving Returns 01 Income, deterred.

Bill to exteitd the 'I1 me for Transfers Of Stock for Purchase of Land Tax, deterred.

East India Goods Bill, deferred.

Guldeford, Arc. Roads Bill, passed.

Pattingham, Arc. inclosure Bill, committed.

Ardwick Green and Wilmslow Roads Kill, committed.

504 2d- — 3 Maii. 1799.

" Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining Day appoint-

" and Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the fe- a Dram Road, or Way, from or near a Place called R^adin^of1"1 veral Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, Carno Mill, in the Parish of in the County of Monmouth

" as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Monmouth, to or near to the Town of Cardiff, in the &ed " Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and County of Glamorgan, with a Branch from the same to Bill.

" Ninety-eight," prior to the First Day of May One the Limestone Rocks, in the Parish of Merthyr thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and for-re- the said County of Glamorgan, be read a Second Time giftering such Contracts. upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, -

resolve iti'elf into a Committee of the whole House, A Bill fof more effectually repairing and amending Long HoHe-upon the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported the Road leading from Bar or Gate on the le^han^cMor~

from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repeal- Post Road, near the Town of Morpeth, by or through IToadsBii!, ing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whitt'mgham, to the committed. Duties in lieu thereof. River Breamish, and from thence to Piercy's Cross, in

the County of Northumberland, was read a Second And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Time.

Morning, Ten of the Clock. , Resolved, That the Bill be copimitted to Mr. Grey,

Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

. ... - at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, t,o whom the Gatelhead Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are there-unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, on, reported. Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durban}, to the Church Lane, near Ryton Lane Head,

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, near Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and

passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late also the Road from Mickley Bank to Lead Hill, or Silver Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Hill, and for making a Road cross certain Grounds be-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing longing to Crozier Surtees, Esquire, in the Paolh of and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Ryton, in the County of Durham, was referred; That Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through the Committee had examined, and found thtt the Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to A/fold Bars, in the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike

County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee in Arundel, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and Time. had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title them, to the House; and he read the Report in his be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's from thence to the End of the then next Session of Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the eth;

Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,' the the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, said Act was read: And,

and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Mr. Jasper Gibson being examined, said. That the Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to Alfold Bars, in the remains due, and cannot be repaid, unless the Term of County of Surrey, and from thence to New Bridge, in the said Act is continued. And the Witness further the County of Stiffen. said. That the Road leading from the said Turnpike

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Road at Swalwell, in the said County of Durham, through

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Swalwell, and so along Market Lane to the Team

Works, and from thence to Adam Ajkew, Esquire's A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Road, and then along the same into the said Turnpike Lands, intermixed Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Road at Windmill Hills, near Gateshead aforesaid, is a Commons and Waste Grounds, within the respective short and convenient Line of Road from Swalwell to Manors of Pattingham and Patfhull, in the County of Gateshead; and it would greatly facilitate the Communi-Stafford, wras read a Second Time. cation of that Part of the Country, and be of great Public

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Utility, if the same were made Turnpike, and included Pitt, Mr. Huffey, Sic.:And they are to meet this in the same Act with, and put under the Care and Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Management of the same Trustees as the said first-Chamber. mentioned Roads. And he added. That the Powers

and Provisions of the said Act, being found in many A Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers Respects defective, it is expedient that the same should of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign be repealed, and other Powers granted in lieu thereof, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for " pairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning more effectually amending, widening, improving, and " the Road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the keeping in Repair, the Road from Gateshead, in the " County of Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills County of Durham, to the Church Lane, near Ryton " at Wilmslow, in the County of Chester, " was read a Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham

Second Time. Turnpike Road, near Dilfion Bar, in the County of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black- Northumberland, and also several other Roads therein burne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they aje described, lying within the said Counties: And that

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in Mr. Grey and Mr. Burdon do prepare, and bring in, the the Speaker's Chamber. fame.

Mr.

Feneris, 30 die Maii;

Anno 39 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

39 Geo. III. 3° Mali. 505

MeMwmand Mr. Buxton presented to the House, according to in the County of Somerset: And the same was received;

Bm.prTicnted. Order, a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and read the First Time.

and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike , That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of

Me/kjluim, through Goose's Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, Mr. presented to the House, according to tM?0"

and Wefi Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the piexnted. ' in the Parish of Castle Coombe, in the County of Wilts: several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and And the same was received; and read the First Time. being within the Parish of in the County of

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Somerset: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Becktwmpton Mr. Buxton presented to the House, according to Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ' preiemed.Bl11' Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening,

altering, and improving the Road at or near Beck- Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to ne'^inclosure Hampton, and from the North Side of Swindon to the Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Bifl, presented. Carpenter's Arms in Blnnfden, and several other Roads Open Common Fields, Ings, Marsh and Waste Grounds, therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts And the within the Township of Hirjl in the Parish of

' same was received; and read the First Time. Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Great EHing- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing

itH? ln3C||°^ure the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles be added to the Member add-

, P within the Parish of Great Ellingham, in the County of Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Mrcrwtefn1?

Norfolk, was read the Third Time. a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the clofim Bill."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the on Behalf of themselves and others, Freeholders, having Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within Right of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in the Parish of Great Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk.and upon the Open Commons and Waste Lands and

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Grounds, within the Hamlet of in the Parish

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. of Clarbrovgh, in the county of.

Stanford Poor Lord Viscount Brome reported from the Committee, Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accord- Bill presented. Bin, reported. tQ wj10m t]ie for the better and more effectual ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hun- doling the Commons and Waste Grounds, and Stinted dred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk, was com- Pastures, within the Hamlet of Moorgate, in the Parish mitfed; That the Committee had examined the Alle- of Clarbrough, in the County of Nottingham: And the gations of the Bill, and found the same to be same was received; and read the First Time, true; and that the Committee had gone through the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields LongPrefton he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Long j^jna^e delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West corn^tted.' '

Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once Riding of the County of and for embanking and read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by draining several Parcels of Ground within the same One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Township, called Long Preston Ings, was read a Second were agreed to by tire House. Time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry . ingrossed. Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Mapowder tn- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Chamber.

commuted.' Commonable Lands in the Parish of Mapowder, in the1

County of Dorset, was read a Secondilime. A Petition of the several Freeholders within the Petition of

Resolved, That the Bill lie committed to Mr. Francis Parish of in the County of Lancaster, who Freeholders

John Brozvne, Mr. John Pitt, &c. And they are to meet have a Right of Common upon the Commons and itlneindo '" this Afternoon, at hive of the Clock, in the Speaker's Waste Grounds, and Mosses, within the Town and far® Bill. Chamber. Hamlet of Ulve-rstone, in the said Parish, whose Names

are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House,

Poole Roads, Mr. Francis John Browne presented to the House, ac- and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and fcntid.11, prC" cordln&to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in within the Town and Hamlet of Ulverjhme, in the the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Parish- of Ulverfone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; jesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually amend- and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive it " ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads will be prejudicial to the Right of themselves and of " therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town others, who have such Right of Common as aforesaid,

* and County of Poole, called Poole Gate, and for re- if the Bill, in its present Form, is passed into a Law: And pealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against " and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the passing of the said Bill.

" the said Roads, and also, for applying a certain Sum Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

" of Money therein mentioned towards paving and re- Consideration of the Committee, to whom' the said Bill

" pairing a certain Street or Way within the said Town is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by " and County:" And the same was received; and read their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their the First Time. Petition, if they think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the South Brent Mr. Dickinson presented to the House, according to same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said

Siam^ulclo" Grder, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing cer- Petition.

fare Bill, pre- tain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and' Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the fented. being within the Parishes of South Brent and Lympsham, Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

V01.54. 6N A Petition

3° Ma

A. 1799.

Petition relative to Notices for widening, &c.Streetd k"ulm^ from the i lay market.

A Petition of William Tayl, of the Ef-

quire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 18th Day of March lait, Notices have been given at the Rafter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County of Miand in The London Gazette, that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for widening and improving the East End of the Street called Pall Mall, between the Hay market and Market Lane, and for making a new Street from the Havmarket aforesaid into Charles Street, Saint James's

Square, all in the City and Liberty of and

County of Middlesex, in such and the like Manner as is

required to be given, by the Standing Orders of the House, of Applications intended to be made'relative to Bills for paving, lighting, cleansing, or improving any City or Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and improving the East End of the Street called Pall Mall, between the Haymarket and Market Lane, and for making a new Street from the Haymarket aforesaid into

Charles Street, Saint James's Square, all in the City and Liberty of Westminsterand County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tyr whitt, Mr. Dickins, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London: And praying that the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Upon the Table.

Mr. Bragge reported to the House; That lie had, Printed Copy

according to their Order of Wednesday last, been with the Lords, and delivered to their Lordships a printed mitteeofse-Copy of the Report made by the Committee of Secrecy c,jfcy Oliver-appointed by this House. Lorde.1 *

The Lord Hawkesbury presented to the House, dc- Governor cording to Order, a Bill for indemnifying Governors, indemnity Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as yglch, in 1 ,preleate the West India Islands, who have permitted the Impor- tation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Accounts which were pre- Accounts n-fented to the House upon Monday last by Mr. Williams rred toCrcni *

- . XT . C r , nutter onCop-

(irom the Navy Office) be referred ,to the Committee who per Trade, are appointed to enquire into the State of the Copper Mines and Copper Trade of this Kingdom; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Petition in fa- A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are donrDock?1" thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and link others, Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint John of

Wapping, Saint George in theEaJl, Saint Saint Botolph Aldgate, and Parts adjacent, within the Tower Hamlets, and in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, who were Militia EftD appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the ££te>rcPort-Pay and Cloathingiof the Militia, for the Year 1799,

That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge, of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1799.

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men ——

Cloathing for D° ——

365 Days pay to 1,028 Serjeants - -

Cloathing for Du ——

36 c Days pay to c 14 Drummers ——

Cloathing for D® - -

365 Days pay to 1,02s Corporals - -

D® - - - D° - - - 66 Adjutants ——

Twenty-eight Days pay to the several Officers ——

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, £.50. per Annum each ——

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at - -

D® to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independant Company, for Contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6//. per Month, for each private Man and Drummer -

Half Pay to Superannuated Adjutants -

28,784

30,840

18,781

3>598

4,690

1,028

12,521

7>19

8,700

3>5°°

4,000

s. d.

10,023 ——

2,000 ——

135,660 ——

T1

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. luve agreed to Pcfham:

Mr. Speaker,

Dill respect- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An onmthtio?of Act to amend so much of Three Acts, made in the last the Land Tax and present Sessions of Parliament, for making perpetual, in Scotland, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several Sums 2

of Money charged as a Land Tax, as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from &c. Road/' thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Bill, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from the North End of Mailing Street^ near the Town of and

certain

Keninghall lucid ure BilL

BrefEngham and Fersfield Inclosure BilL

Account of Arrears due by Officers of the Customs, presented.

Geo. HI.

certain other Roads in the County of Stjfex j Without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bii]> intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Keninghall, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Breffingham and , in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Franklin (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1799, from the Officers of the Customs in England, for Twenty-five Years preceding that Date, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situations they were or are employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when, and the Amounts and

S°7

Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Forficr (from the Exchequer) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued in pursuarice of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-eight."

Mr. Forfer also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to Addrelies, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

3° Maiu

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bibs, issued in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight."

The Exchequer Bills, issued in pursuance of the above Act, amount to the Sum of Three Millions

t Five Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 3d Day

of May 1799. James

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, pursuant to Adresscs, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

George Brown, for the Expences attending the Surveys of the intended Military Roads through the County of Inverness, and the North Part of Argyleshire -To D® - - - for D® through the Counties of and Ross - -

George Whitlam, for making an Index to the Votes of the House of Commons, and for de-

fraying the Expence of printing the same ——

John Bacon, First Payment, under a Contraft; for executing and erecting a Monument in Saint Paurs Cathedral, to the Memory of Major General Dundas, for the eminent Services rendered his Country in the Reduction of the French West India Islands, which occasioned a gross Insult to his Remains in the Island of Guadaloupe ——

To D® - - - for D® in Westminster Abbey, to the Memory of Captain John Hervey, and Captain John Hutt, who died of the Wounds they received in the Naval Engagment of the 1 ft of June 1794 - -

Charles Rossi, for D® in Saint Paul's Cathedral, to the Memory of Captain Faulknor, who fell in an Action with the French Frigate La Pique, on the 5th January 1795 -Thomas Banks, for D°, to the Memory of Captain Rickard Bundle Burgess, who fell in an Engagement of the nth October 1797 ——

John Flaxman, for D® in Westminster Abbey, to the Memory of Captain James Montague, who fell in the Naval Engagement of 1 ft 1794 - -

JosPb Elkington, for the Discovtay of his System of Draining -.

c

Exchequer, the 3d Day

of May 1799. James Fisher.

Vet. 54.

£. s. d. 620 5 6

625 10 —

240 — —

1,11 1 —

1,112 15 — 4,480 14 — 1,848 12 —

I, 296 14 —

J, oooo ,---

9 337 5 6

Ordered,

Accounts

presented.

Exchequer Bills.

Money issued pursuant to Addrelies.

5°8

3' Mali.

A. 1799.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee

King's Content to Greens Norton Iiiclo-lure Bill.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for making perpetual lb much of an Act, A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His predividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Corm " amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, lm« monable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and " prisonment, and other Punishment of certain , Of-Prccinds of Greens Norton, and Hamlet of Duncott, in " fenders," as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at

Bill relating to Judges Lodgings if Aflizei. (Expiring Law.)

Bill passed *

Committee on Felony Bill. (Expiring Law.)

the Parish of Greens Norton, in the County of Northampton, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. 1

Then flie said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals . And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and ipclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Greens Norton, and Hamlet of Duncott, in the Parish of Greens , in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

County Assizes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

upon the Bill for making perpetual so much of an Act, tary Houses, be now read.

Ordered, That the Order of die Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of Law‘^ the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to explain and amend the Laws relating to the " Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders," as relates to Peniten-

Committee *

Penitentiary Houses Bill, (Expiring

Committee on East India Goods Bill.

Additional

Exchequer

made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders," as relates to the Punishment of burning in the Hand of certain Persons convicted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Perceval took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Perceval reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ypon the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

.. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported, from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

..... Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Long psefented to the House, according to Or-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Btagge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Hoqfe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " transferring the Management of the Sait Duties to " the Commissioners of Excise; and for repealing the " Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, " and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other " Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Act for trr.!-ftrrin? the Salt Duties, to be considered.

Act respecting Income Duty, See. to

Bills Bill, pre- der, a Bill for railing an additional Sum of Money, by leated. Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for be consider^ " the Prosecution of the War," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new and additional Duties " of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and " on the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards " or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the ligning the Preliminary Articles of Peace," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in

One thousand.Seven hundred and Ninety-nine: And' this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act the same was received; and read the First Time. " to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in

„ Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. -

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more effectual Provision for the like

" Purpose,

Committee on Bill to amend Act for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

Stanton's Divorce Bill, deferred.

Scotch Creditors Bill, deferred. (Kxpiring Law.)

Bill to amend Scotch Militia Acts, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Overseers Atfistant Bill, deferred.

Report from Committee on Reports of Herring Fish-tnes.

39 Geo. III. 30 Maiu 509

" Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, " in lieu of the said Duties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of lb much of the said Acts as relates to the Application of the Duties thereby granted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the First Day of " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety nine, the " shipping and carrying Slaves in Veflbls from the Coast of Africa," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry 'Thornton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Thornton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made l'cvcral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to difi'olve the Marriage of John Stanton with Sarah Wright, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the- House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several

Vol, 54.

Reports which, upon the 22d Day of December and the 19th Day of March last, were made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Herring Fisheries, and into the moll eliedu.il Means for their Improvement and Extension;

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas do make the said Report.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Bobnties per Ton ought to be granted to Vessels employed in the British Herring Fishery, except for the Time, and within the Limits, to be specified.

Resolved, That it' is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Ten Shillings for every Ion be allowed for Two Years, from the 5th Day of 1799, to the 5th Day of April 1801, to the Owner of every Buss or Vessel, of not less than Fifteen Tons Burthen, which has received the Tonnage Bounty in any of the Three preceding Years, and the Crews of which shall, in the Space of Twelve Months, take or purchase from British Fishermen, oft' any Part of the Coast of Scotland to the North of Oban, and to the West of Dung-fay Head, or off the Coasts of any of the neighbouring Islands, such a Quantity of Herrings as shall amount, when completely cured, either as White Herrings or as Red, to the Proportion of Five Barrels of Herrings, of Thirty-two Gallons Wine Measure

each, for every Ton of her Burthen by Admeasure-ment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Five Shillings per Ton should be allowed from the 3th Day of April 1801 to the 5th Day of April 1804, upon the same Terms. *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Bufles or Vessels ought to be subject to no Regulations with respect to the Quantity of Salt, Barrels, or Netting, the Number of Men to be carried out, the Period of clearing out, or the Time during which they shall be employed in the said Fishery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all White Herrings intended for Exportation (except to Ireland or the North of Europe) shall be completely cured, and Twice packed in Barrels of Oak, Elm, Beech, Birch, Alh, Lime, Plane Tree, or Alder, containing Thirty-two Gallons each, and full bound.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That all White Herrings intended for Home Consumption, or for Exportation to Ireland or the North of Europe, shall be completely cured, and packed in Barrels of Thirty-two Gallons, of the same Materials, and quarter bound.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no ungutted Herrings shall be packed in the same Barrels with those which are gutted, and that these different Sorts shall be distinguished by some viable and apparent Mark upon the Barrels.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Barrels, in which Herrings shall be packed, shall be of the same Thickness as is now required by Law.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of Thirty-two Gallons of gutted Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for Exportation (except to Ireland or the North of Europe) be granted a Bounty of Two Shillings for . Five Years, commencing from the 3th Day of April

1199- .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Barrel of Thirty-two Gallons of ungutted Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for Exportation (except to Ireland or the North

6 0 of

J

5io 3 M 1799 *

oiEurope)-be granted, during the fameTerm,a Bounty of One Shilling and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of Thirty-two Gallons of gutted Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for Home Consumption, or for Exportation to Ireland or the North of Europe, be granted, during the same Term, a Bounty of One Shilling and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of Thirty-two Gallons of ungutted Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for Home Consumption, or for. Exportation to Ireland or the North of Europe, be granted, during the same Term, a Bounty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of Thirty-two Gallons of Red Herrings, completely packed and cured, be granted, during the same Term, a Bounty of Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the above Bounties be granted in addition to the Bounties now granted by Law on the Exportation of Herrings, and paid by the Collectors of the Port at which and by whom they are ascertained, in all Cases in which it Hull be practicable without Detriment to the Revenue.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Ports and Places in situated to the

Northward of the Fiftieth Degree of North Latitude, shall, for the Purpose of the preceding Resolutions, be deemed to be the North of Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Bounty be payable upon any Herrings until they shall have been inspected and approved by the proper Officer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it shall be lawful to cure and fell Red Herrings, for immediate Home Consumption, commonly called Bloated Herrings, without packing them in Barrels.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Red Herrings, commonly called Bloated Herrings, as, are cured for immediate Home Consumption, without being packed into Barrels, shall be in-Ipected by the proper Officer, as to the Sufficiency of their Cure, and shall not be entitled to any Bounty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Quantity of Salt, for which Credit shall be allowed to the Curers of Herrings, ought to be fixed, with a Reference to the various Classes distinguished in the preceding Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Barrel of White Herrings,'packed and cured in the Manner required for Exportation (except to Ireland, or the North of Europe) shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt, not exceeding Three Bushels and an Half, or One hundred and Ninety-six Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every- Barrel of White Herrings, packed and cured in the Manner required for Home Consumption, or for Exportation to Ireland or the North of Europe, shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt, not exceeding Two Bushels, or One hundred and Twelve Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Barrel of White Herrings cured in the Winter Season, that is to say, between the First Day of October in any Year, and the First Day of March in the Year next following, the Quantity of Salt allowed shall be in each respective same One Half Bushel, or Twenty-eight Pounds, lets than is allowed in such same by the preceding Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Barrel of full Red Herrings shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt, not exceeding One Bushel and Nine Pounds, or Sixty-five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Barrel of clean Shotten Red Herrings 4

shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt, not exceeding One Bushel, or Fifty-six Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every One Thousand of full Red Herrings, commonly called Bloated Herrings, cured unbarrelled for Home Consumption, shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt, not exceeding One Bushel, or Fifty-six Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every One Thousand of Clean Shotten Red Herrings, commonly called Bloated Herrings, cured unbarrelled for Home Consumption, shall be allowed a Quantity of Salt, not exceeding Forty-eight Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Quantities of Salt now allowed by Law', Dutyfree, for the Cure of Fish, except in the Cafes in which they are varied by the preceding Resolutions, shall be allowed as well upon Fish cured for Home Consumption, as on those which are cured for Exportation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Power should be given to some proper Officer, to make a further Allowance of Salt in Cafes in which the Necessity of a Second re-packing of the Fish, after it has been completely cured, shall be proved in a latis-fadlory Manner.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Nets shall be used for the Purpose of catching Herrings, of which the Meshes shall measure lei's than One Inch from Knot to 'Knot.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Power ought to be given to some proper Officer to settle Disputes among the Persons employed in the Herring Fishery, and to punish Offenders against the Regulations which are or may be established, in a funv mary Manner.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Stamp Duty shall be payable on any Bond, Certificate, or other Instrument, required by Law to be executed for the Regulation of the Herring

Fishery, or for entitling the Adventurers therein to any Bounties thereon payable, and that no Fee shall be demanded by any Officer for the drawing up or executing of any such Instrument.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Herrings caught on the Coasts of the Isle of Man, either by British Filhers, or by the Inhabitants of the Island, shall be subject to the same Regulations, and receive the same Bounties, as Herrings caught by British Fishers on the Coasts of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon TuesdayMorning next.

t

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, be read a Second Time

Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Ills Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of tire whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, and of another Act of this Session, for amending the said Act, to extend the Time limited, by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Time for allowing the Transfer of Stock on Contracts entered into under an Act, made in the lad SessioR of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption " and Purchase in the Manner therein dated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Britain, as

" a Land

East India Company's Recruiting Bill, deferred,

Supply deferred.

Bill to extend the Time for receiving Returns ofln-come, deferred.

Bill to extend the Time for Transfers of Stock for Pur- ' ch tie of Land Tax, deferred.

Additional Exchequer Bills Bui, committed.

Committee on Att resetting Income Outy, Sec,

Blit to continue Habeas ^Corpus SuC. pentien Att, presented.

East India Company's Recruiting Bill, committed *

39 Geo. III. 3° — 4°

" a Land Tax, for One Year,'from the Twenty-fifth " Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight," prior to the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and for regil-tering such Contrafts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 40 die Mail;

Anno 390 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 17 9 9. Prayers.

A BILL for railing an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself.into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a' Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Sdlion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid " and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War;" and also of another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection " of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new " and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported " and exported, and on the Tonnage, of certain Ships " entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign " Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of c Peace;" and also, of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the " Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of " Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for " the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effec-rt tual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties," as relates \o the Application of the Duties thereby granted.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain " such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Vol. 54.

— 6° Maii. 511

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Land Owners and Occupiers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the several Parishes through which a Dram Road is' intended to be made from a Place called Caruo Mill, in the Parish of welty, in the County of Monmouth, to or near the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, with a Branch from the same to or near the Limestone Rocks in the Parish of Merthyr Tidvil, in the County of Glamorgan,

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining the said Dram Road, or Way: And praying. That the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir George Douglas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Tweed, at or near the Town of in the County of Roxburgh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

LuruZy 6 die Mail;

Anno 39° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

MR. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Peard, Esquire,

with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Bligh, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein fnentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witness'es.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Machermore, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, which belonged to Patrick Dunbar, late of Machermore, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts of the said

Petition in favour of Monmouth anti Cnrdifi', &c RoatU Bill.

Kclfo Bridge 1 A , preitnt-

ed.

Crrlton cum Willingham Incloliii'c Bill, presented.

Peard's Divorce Bill, committed.

Dunbar's Estate Bill, committed.

gi2 6 M^, 1799.

said Patrick Dunbar, and his Predecessors, and the Sums with which he charged the said Estate, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir William Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in th© Speaker's Chamber.

Millwrights Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, JhU prcieut- accor(iing to Order, a Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Millwright Bu-finel's, and to enable the Magistrates to regulate their Wages within the Limits therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Sherborne in- Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to reported!^1 whom the bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sherborne, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill to amend A Bill for authorizing the 'Company of Proprietors A?onCwa the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, to vary the Ac^cdm- Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed to mitted. be ma(Je by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a Navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingjwood, in the County of Warwick,

by.another Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mordaunt, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Hnrwonh in- Mr. Pierrepontreported from the Committee, to cioiure Biii, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing

repmte . j.jie Open and Common Fields, Meadows,. Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Harworth, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent- to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ' .

Ordered, That the Biii, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for making and maintaining aTunnel, or Road, pl-

under the River Thames, from or near to the Town of nTitT- V. Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to or near to Fort, in the County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Town-

field, Sir William Geary, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the better and more effectual s.-mford Poor Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of ®'u» Samford, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better and more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual so much of an Biiijehtingt Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His J" Vrs LodK present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and p-tfsd. " amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Im- (Expiring " prisonment, and other Punishment of certain Of- Law'

" fenders," as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the Twenty-sixth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, intituled, "An Act toexplain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of " certain Offenders," as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizes.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual so much of Fehny Bill, an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of

» , r Lxainnir

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain Law.)

" and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation,

" Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Of- "

" fenders," as relates to the Punishment of burning in the Hand of certain Persons convicted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the Twenty-sixth Day of November One thousand Seven . hundred and Seventy-eight, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders," as relates to the Punishment of burning in the Hand of cerrtain Persons coavidled of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commirneon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dl‘

upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Stanton with Sarah Wright, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

again,

fcill further to continue Eng-li Hi Small Notes Act, ordered.

f.eave of Ab«-fence.

Committee on Additional Xxchequer Hills Bill.

59 Geo. III. 6° Mail 513

again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. "John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That

they had heard Counl'el, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that no Counl'el or Party appeared before the Committee to oppol'e the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue, until the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, made " in the last Sefiiori of Parliament, Chapter Seven, on " the Second Day of December One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-seven, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the " Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, " Two several Acts, passed in the Session of Parliament " holden in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years " of His present Majesty, the one Chapter Thirtytwo, on the Tenth Day of March, and the other " Chapter Sixty-one, on the Twenty-fifth Day of May " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven, for " suspending, . for a limited Time, the Operation of " certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth " Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re draining the Negotiation of Promifi'ory Notes and " Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that " Part of Great Britain called England; and also to

amend the said Act, and further to continue the " fame, so amended, until the Twenty-fifth Day of " March One tlmuland Seven hundred and Ninetynine," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of May " next, an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Nine, videlicet, on the Fourth Day of January One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-fe-

venth, and in the Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for lufpending the Opera-" tion of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and

Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, " within that Part of Great Britain called ,"

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill further to continue the said first-mentioned Act, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Burden and Mr. Wilberforce Bird do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on Account of the dangerous Illness of a near Relation.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of <he whole House, upon the Bill for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it felt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Y01..54.

Mr. Bratge took the Chair of the Committee.

00

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. % raZZereported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the State of the Copper Mines and Copper Trade of this Kingdom, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, have Leave to report the Minutes of the Evidence which they have taken.

Committee on Copper Tracic to report Evidence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Governors in-cond Reading of the Bill for indemnifying Governors, commiTted! 1' Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^n"erS;'t&c' upon the Bill to indemnify all Persons who may have Bill. '1 incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers. Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying " the Cutting of Leather," and to repeal Parts of the said Act relating to the Buying of Hides, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Scotch Col-Reading of the Bill to prevent Combinations among comnUtted. Colliers and other Persons employed in the Collieries, and to regulate their Wages and Services, and the Con-dust of Coal Owners and Lessees, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in they Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon the 22d and 30th Days of April last, praying to be heard, by theml'elves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, did not desire to be now heard;

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to The Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir William See.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

6P A Bill

Thirlage Bill, committed.

Committee on Act for transferrins: the foil Dui'ies.

Bid to imend Scotch Mtlina Acts, committed.

Bill to extend the Time for receiving Returns of Income, deferred.

Report from Committee on Acts respecting Income Duty, &c.

514 6° Mali.A. 1799.

A Bill for encouraging the Improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of " Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and " the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid there-h out, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, A1lowances, and Bounties thereon," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eragge reported from the Committee, That they had come.to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed under the Authority of an Act, paired in this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, and of another Act of this Session, for amending the said Act, to extend the Time limited, by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the Warand also of another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of the " Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting new and " additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported " and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships " entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the ligning the Preliminary Articles of " Peace and also, of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the " Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session . 7

" of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution " for the Prosecution of the War; and to make more " effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting " certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Du- *

" ties," as relates to the Application of the Duties thereby granted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do make the said Report'.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of any Monies arising from the Rates and Duties granted by Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, the one intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War," and the other intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this " Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties " of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on " the Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or " Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the ligning c the Preliminary Articles of Peace," there shall and may be applied, towards the Service of the Year 1798, any Sum or Sums not exceeding in the Whole the Sutn of £.7,000,000, over and above such Sum as has been

applied for the Payment and Discharge of all Annuities, Interest, and Dividends, which have become payable in that Year, on Account of a Sum of Eight Millions raised by virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, pursuant to the said Resolution, upon the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, and of another Act of this Session, for amending the said Act, to extend the Time limited, by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income, was committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain " such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of- the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Informations, and, in certain Cafes, to authorize the Detention of Persons in Prison until Trial, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments

BiH to continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pension Ad, committed.

Committee on Bill to extend the Bail to b$ givei? in certain Cafes in Scotland#

Bill to amend Act for regulating the Xhipping of

Slave, reported.

Committee on Seditious Societies Bill *

Committee on Bill to extend the Time for Transfers of Stock for Ptir-chalt of Land Tax *

Xnstructions.

39 Geo. III. 6°

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mf. Henry Thornton, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the wrhole House, to whom the Bill to explain, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the First Day of One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of ," was committed; the Amendments w'hich the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment wras made, by the House, to the

Bin.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in grafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Suppression of So cieties establishedfor Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon nefJay Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rciblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Time for allowing the Transfer of Stock on Contracts entered into under an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and " Purchase in the Manner therein dated, the several " Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a " Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day " of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninetyeight," prior to the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and for registering such Contracts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for directing the Application, by the Courts of Chancery and Session, of any Income derived from the Redemption of any Land Tax by the Sale of improveable Timber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Powrer ta make Provision in the said Bill, for directing that the Land Tax of any Manors demised by any Ecclesiastical Person or Corporation, shall be considered as Rent reserved.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for preventing subsequent Appeals from aft eft-

Vol. 34.

Mali. 515

ing Contrafts for the Redemption of the Land Tax, unless where the Assessment has been reduced through Fraud.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for empowering Guardians and Trustees to transfer Stock (landing in the Names of incapacitated Persons for the Redemption of their Land Tax.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for allowing Trustees for the poor Clergy of England to redeem their Land Tax, contrasted for at any Time before the 23th Day of March x8»o.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for extending the Powers given to the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty. ,.v

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for exempting from Stamp Duties Letters of Attorney to accept and Transfer Stock.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. - - *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties' now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments w'hich the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House ;.arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland, respectively.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-moryow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

East tndia Goods Hill, reported and re-coumuttud *

Committee oa Transportation, occ. Hill. ( Expiring Law.)

East India Company ® Recruiting Bill, cletcoei.

CMnmittre on Debtors Bill. (Kxpi ring Law.)

Penitentiary Honles Bill, reported. (Expiring Lkw.)

Committee on Scotch Creditors Bill.

CradU y Chapel Bill, preheated.

Yarkhill, Wc'.toa Begird, &c. ln-ciolure Bill, pres'ented.

6° — 70 Mail. A. 1799.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Meaning next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, rel'olved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect " to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige " Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison " Beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding " tv hat are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, " and deliver, upon Oath, their Effects for their Creditors Benefit."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragg etook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Braggereported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth. Year of the Reign of His pre-l'eiit Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend " the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonmciit, and other Punishment of certain Offenders," as relates to Penitentiary Houses, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Air. Henry Lafcellespresented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, undivided Inclosures, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Townships of Sandall Magna, Walton, and in the Parish of Sandall Magna, in the West Riding of the County of York:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sandall Marni Incloi'ure Bill, preleiited.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accord- North Crossing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing b!u, prelim- th e several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, ei ' within the Manor of North Crofsland, in the Parish of Almonbury, in the West Riding of the County of York:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Means, defer red.

Orerfeen Affiilant Bill, deferred.

Supply deferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 70;

The 1 Ioufe, according to Order, refoived itfelfinto a Committee of the w'hole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Bragge reported trom the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That tlvc Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Air. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to the new Church or Chapel of Cradlcv, in that Part of the Parish of Ha/efozven which lies in the County and Diocese of Worcester, and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Air. Lygon presented to the I Ioufe, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Failures, within the Pa-rithes of 7'arkhill, Weston Beggard, with the

Chapelry of Bart free, in the said Parish of Dormington and Stoke Edith, with the Chapelry of Westhide, in the said Parish of Stake Edith, all in the County of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Anno 390 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1799.

Pray ers.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stanton's to dissolve the Marriage of John Stanton with e Bl11' Sarah Wright, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Air. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Air. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Bill for con-the Bill for confirming and establishing the Division, firm,.n£ K;m *

o o worth Inclo-

Allotment, and Inclosure, of certain Whole Year Lands, iUre, reported. Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ranworth, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Com- . mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

IJlverftone Inclosure Bill, reported *

Tuxford Inclosure Bill, reported

Moorgate Inclosure Bill, committed.

39 Geo. III. J Mail

5 7

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mofl'es, within the Town and Hamlet of Ulverjone, in the Parish of , in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; and to whom the

Petition of the several Freeholders within the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County of who have a Right

of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds, and Mosses, within the Town and Hamlet of Ulverstone, in the said Parish, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied 'with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that' the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates afiefled to the Land Tax at 1 6f who refiifed to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates afiefled at £.6. 9 8 who de-

clared themselves neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates afiefled at £.1. 11 s. 8 who could not be found; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is afiefled to the Land Tax at £.33. 12 r. 10 \d.per Annum)-, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then £ Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with, the Amendments, be ingossed.

' Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to divide, allot, inclose, and improve the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property rated to the I and Tax at £.3. os. 1 1 d.a Year, who refused to sign the Bill, and also the Owners of Property rated, as aforesaid, at £.1. 10 s.who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Property entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed is rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of £.255. 14J. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pasture, within the Hamlet of Moor gate, in the Parish of

Vol. 54.

brough, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pierrepont, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Harworth the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Bl '

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Hanvorth, in the county of,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Harworth, in the County of Nottingham. t

Ordered, That Mt, Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Hirfl Court-Common Fields, Ings, Marsh and Waste Grounds Ic"<^o(urc within the Township of Hirjl Courtney, in the Parish of mitt'ed. Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-berjorce, Mr. Henry Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Sherborne the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Com- '

« monable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, within the Parish of borne, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:' And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sherborne, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain South firent Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of South Brent and Lympsham, in the fare Bill, com-County of Somerset, was read a Second Time. nutted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Nit. Manning, according to the Order of the House Farther Re-of the 25th Day of April last, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, before the Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation Committee on and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, Do"k°nBiU. within the Port of London, was committed, the Residue of the Minutes of Evidence taken by them; which he read in his Place: And afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Minutes be referred to the Consideration, of the Scleft Committee, who are appointed to considerof the Reports of the Minutes of the Evidence taken by the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and also by the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better.

6 Q regulating,

51B 7 Maii.^.1799.

regulating, the Port of are severally committed.

The said Minutes are preserved amongfc the other Papers of this Session.

B;'.l reported. Mr. Manning., according to the Order of the House of Thursday last, also reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; being Proprietors, Lessees, and Wharfingers of certain Quays upon the River Thames,

' in the Port of London, known by the Name and Appellation of The Legal Quays, and of certain Warehouses situate thereonj and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Lessees, and Occupiers of Warehouses situated in the Vicinity of the Legal Quays of the Port of London, and in various other Parts of the City of London-, and also, the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and also, the Petition of John Perry, of Blackmail, in the County of Middlesex, and John Wells, and William Wells the Younger, of R other hit he, in the County of Surrey, Ship Builders and Copartners; and also, the Petition of the President and Scholars of the College of Saint Mary in the

University of Oxford-, and also, the Petition of the Governors and Company ,of the Water Works and Water Houses in Shadivelland also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors, Lessees, and Occupiers of Warehouses situated in the Vicinity of the Legal Quays of the Port of London, and in various other Parts of the City of London; and also, the Petition of William Majhiter, on Behalf of himself and others, Owners and Occupiers of certain Wharfs and Quays, called Irongate Wharfs and Saint Catherine's Wharf, near the Tower of London, and of certain Warehouses adjoining thereto; and also, the Petition of the thereunder-signed Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of Sufferance Wharfs at the Port of London, within the Limits approved of by the Honourable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs; and also, the Petition of Thomas Rowcroft, of the City of London, Merchant; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Ship Builders, and Owners and Proprietors of Ship Yards and Dry Docks adjoining to the River Thames, in the Port of London-, and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder-signed, being a Quorum of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Allegations of the First, Third, Fifth, Seventh, Ninth, and Eleventh mentioned Petitions, and had considered the other Petitions; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire<sted hirp to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect of the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the' Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Select Committee.

Further Re. Sir John William Anderson, according to the Order of port of Evi- the House of the 25th Day of April last, reported from

before then the Committee to whom the Bill for rendering more

Committee on commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London Port London, was committed, the Residue of the Minutes of

4

the Evidence taken by them; which he read in his Place: And afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Minutes be referred to the Consideration of the said Select Committee.

The laid Minutes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir John William Anderson also reported from the Bill reported. Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Principal and Scholars of King's Hall and College of Brazen in the Univer-fiiy of Oxford, Patrons of the Rectory of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Reverend Thomas

Breitlnvcite, Doctor in Divinity, Rector of the Parish of Stepney aforesaid; and also, the Petition of John Perry, of Blackzvall, in the County of Middlesex, and John Wells, and William Wells the Younger, of Rot her hit he, in the County of Surrey, Ship Builders and Co-partners; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of tlrem^ selves and others, being Merchants concerned in the West India Trade, or Owners of Ships and Vessels belonging or trading to the Port of London-, and also, the Petition of the thereunder-signed Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of Sufferance Wbarfs at the Port of London, within the Limits approved of by the Honourable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, and also, the Petition of the thereunder-signed Owners of an ancient and extensive Sufferance Wharf, within the Limits approved of by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, \ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Ship Builders, and Owners and Proprietors of Ship Yards and Dry Docks adjoining to the River Thames, in the Port of London, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the First,

Second, and last mentioned Petitions, and had considered the Third and Fourth mentioned Petitions, no Person appearing in Support of the Fifth mentioned Petition; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, dissented, or declared themselves neuter, in reiped of the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Select Committee.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Minutes and Minutes, and also of the said respective Bills, as amended *

by the Committees, be printed, as shall be fuflkient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Poole Roarft, larging the Powers of an Act, paised in the Seventeenth £rj^ll, CUB1' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and t( keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned,

" leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole,

" called Poole Gate, and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of " his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads, and also,

" for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned towards paving and repairing a certain Street or " Way within the said Town and County," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis John Browne, Mr. Ashley, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiveof the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Boucherett reported from the Committee, to Grim % Hi-whom the Petition of the Grimfay Haven Company, '

was p e '

Mr. DaltoiTt Petition re- peeking Al-thorpe Inclosure, See. Act, ire ported.

39 Geo. III. j Mail.519

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the tsaid Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, altering, and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lin, was read: And,

Mr. George Babb being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have already expended nearly the Whole of the Money they were thereby authorized to raise; and that in order to enable the Petitioners to complete the Works, or so much thereof as shall be thought expedient to be done, and discharge the Debts incurred, and Arrears of Initerest due on Money advanced, it is re-ouifite that they should be enabled to raise a further Sum of Money than by the said Act they are authorized to do. And the Witness further said. That it is expedient that the Restriction contained in the said Act, which prevents the Petitioners from making any greater Distribution of Profits than Ten Pounds per Centum on the Money raised, and also so much of the said Act as requires the Tolls to be lowered in certain Cafes, should be repealed; and the Tolls by the said Act granted are unequally imposed, and require to be varied, altered, and enlarged: And the said Act, in other Respects, requires Alteration and Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to finifti and

complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging altering, and improving, the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Boucherett and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Boncherett reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Dalton, of Knaitk, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, it being only for authorizing a Proprietor of Lands in the said Parish to charge his Estate therein with certain Expences incurred in inclosing the Allotment awarded to him, pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common, in the Township of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the fame, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Parish; and that the Committee had all'o examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Laid Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, That Power was given to the Proprietors, being Tenants for Life, or in Tail, to charge the Land which should be assigned and allotted to them respectively, with any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings per Acre, as well as for every Acre of old Inclosure within the said Township, to be. applied for the Purposes of the said Act; and it also appeared to Your Committee, that the said Act di-rcdled, that for draining, preserving, and effectually

Vol. 54.

securingfrom Floods, and taking in the Tides, and for warping, and otherwise improving such of the Open Fields, Common, and inclosed Lands, within the said Township, as did then belong, or should be allotted to the Petitioner, the Commissioners, in the said Act named, should set out Two or more Cloughs or Sluices, in the Bank called The Trent Bank, and make sufficient Cuts and Drains through the said Open Fields, Common, and inclosed Lands, or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of draining, warping, and improving the same; and also futfiquent Banks for the Purpose of keeping out the Floods; and which said Cloughs, Sluices, Drains, and Banks, were directed to be made, and for ever kept in Repair, by the Pet itioner, his Heirs and Assigns; Then,

Mr. George Tcnnyfon being examined, said. That the Petitioner, being Tenant for Life, or in Tail, of by much the largest Part of the Lands and Grounds within the said Township, hath, in pursuance of the Power to him given by the said Act, borrowed and charged upon his laid Property, the Sum of Forty Shillings per Acre, and the Money thereby raised, together with a large Sum of Money in addition thereto, hath been expended in the Progress already made in executing the said Works, and much more mud necessarily be expended therein before they can be completed, so as to answer the Purposes‘for which they are intended, but which, when finished, will moll materially and permanently improve the Estate, and encrease the Annual Value thereof very considerably, whereby the Inheritance will be benefited in a greater Degree than the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights in the Open Fields and other Commonable Grounds within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Herts, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Lammas Meadows, and a certain Common called Cheshunt Common, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertjord; and Setting forth, That a very great Proportion of such Open Fields and Commonable Lands are of so bad a Quality, as to be incapable of any Improvement equivalent to the Expences of the Inclosure; and that the said Commons, in their present State, are well fitted for the breeding of Sheep and Support of lean Stock; and that many of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, who, by reason of their Residence and Occupation of small Tenements, have Rights of Common, are enabled, by the lawful Enjoyment of such Common Rights, to support themselves and their Families; but, as almost all the said Commons lie at the extreme Edge of the Parish, and are subject to very numerous and extensive Common Rights, any Allotments of the said Commons to the Idler Commoners mud be too small, and too distant from their Habitations, to be of any substantial Use to them, which Inconveniences are now prevented by the Use of general Herdsmen; and that the Inclosure of the said Open Fields and other Commonable Lands would be, in many other Respects, highly injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered,

Petition of , Owner of Lands, against Cheshunt Inclosure Bill.

Bill further to

continue Eng-Iifli Small Note9 Act, presented.

Church Staunton Tn-clolure Bill, committed.

Bill to amend Leith Harbour Act, committed.

Walton Inclo-iure Bill, committed.

The Lords have agreed to

Creflage, &c. Bridge and Roads Bill,

Cole ham Bridge, Church Stref-ton. &c. Roads Bid.

Newark, Sc c. Roads Bill.

520 70 Mali 1799.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Btirdon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, " until the Twenty-fifth Day of next, an Act, " made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Nine, videlicet, on the " Fourth Day of "January One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made

in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh, and in the " Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for suspending the Operation of certain " Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years " of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining " the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of " Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of " Great Britain called England:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'oived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Church Staunton, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'oived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mor-land, Mr. Dickinson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to amendTwo Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'oived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Dundas, Mr. Ferguson, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Walton, in the Parish of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'oived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bernard, Mr. Burton, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and

Mr. Spr anger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for building a Bridge over the River Severn, from or near CrcJJ'age, in the County of Salop, to the opposite

Shore, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same; without any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in to the Market Place in Church Strettoti, and to the Top of Lythzvood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the May Pole in Condover, and from Coleham Bridge to and from the Fifth Mile Stone, near Longdon, to the Turnpike Gate at Castle Pulverbatch, in the County of Salop; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Post on the Fo/s Road, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, the Power of Exchange in an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, " Meadow's, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of " Southill, in the County of ;" without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Maria Grojchner, otherwise Huntley; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Clutterbuck, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Manner, and for the Purposes therein mentioned: and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Maria Grojchner, otherwise Huntley, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving (Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Duties on Salt paid or collected in the Counties of Argyle, Ross, Sutherland,

Caithness, Orkney, and Shetland; as also, the Net Amount of the said Duties on Salt; distinguishing each County and Port, for the Years 1786 and 1797: And also,

An Account of the Duties on Salt paid or collected in the Counties of Argyle, Ross, Sutherland,

Caithness, Orkney, and Shetland; as also, the Net Amount of the said Duties on Salt; distinguishing each County and Port, from the Year 1784 to the Year 1798, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Hawkesbury reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the State of the Copper Mines and Copper Trade of this Kingdom, and to report the fame, as it should appear to them, to the House; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, being severally Persons engaged in the Copper, Brals Wire, and Bell Metal Manufactory in the City of; and

also, the Petition of Edward in Behalf of

himself, William Roc, and others, his Partners, in the Trade of smelting Copper Ores, and making and manufacturing Copper and Brals, carried on under the Finn of Roe and Company, were severally referred; That the Committee had enquired into the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report

thereof,

Bill to amend Southill Inclosure Ad.

The Lords have pallid Gro'lchner' Nat. BUI.

Cluttcrbuck's Eiiates BilL

GroTchner's Nnt.UiU, read *

Accounts of Duties on Salt, collected in certain Counties in Scotland, presented.

Report from

Committee on CopperTn.de.

3o Geo. III. 7 9 Mai531

theceof, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be iutiicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Pap ers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bui. upon the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant

Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

T»nntrs, &c. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the lHii'ddmed ^cPort from the Committee of the whole House, to ' " whom the Bill to indemnify all Persons who may have

incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, " Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather," and to repeal Parts of the said Act relating to the Buying of Hides, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon ThursdayMorning next.

Transporta- Mr. Braggc, according to Order, reported from the rcpo'ra-dlBl11' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for (Exphing continuing, for a Time to be limited, several Laws

-tavr,) relating to the Transportation of Felons and other

Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were - Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfeiL

Scotch Credi- Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the tors Bill, re- Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill to

(Expiring continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in

law.) the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 54.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee of the whole Addition^ House, to whom the Bill for railing an additional Sum of Exchequer Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of rt *

the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for numbering the Exchequer Bills.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then iogrofied.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from Bill ? «xt nd the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Transfer Bill to extend the Time for allowing the Transfer stock for Pur-of Stock on Contrafts entered into under an Act, made in the last. Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemp *

" tion and Purchase in the Manner therein stated,

" the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the " Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven " hundred and Ninety-eight," prior to the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and for registering such Contrafts, was committed j the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wish the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Bill to extend Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to the enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed under turnsofin-the Authority of an Act, palfed in this Session of Par- C0I"e> «port-liament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, and ed of another Act of this Session, for amending the said Act, to extend the Time limited by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by 'the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, di-resting that Commissioners engaged in Trade shall be' assessed by the Commercial Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

6 R Another

i^-

22 . Y Mail 1709 *

Another‘Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for supplying Vacancies in Commercial Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Claiufe was offered to be added to the Bill, for authorizing Two Commissioners of Appeal to ad.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing Commercial Commissioners to take an Oath of Secrecy.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that Commissioners in Scotland shall be appointed by the Barons of the Exchequer.

And the said Clause was Twice read and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Anqther Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appropriating Money for the Services of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third shipping of Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and sUve . passed, amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating, until the First ‘, Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying Slaves in " British Vessels from the Coast of ," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

iRefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regelating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. William Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Consideration The Order of the Day being read, for taking into of Report of further Consideration the Report which was made

Committee on r.

Cold Bath from the Committee who were appointed to enquire Field, Prison, jnt0 the State of His Majesty's Prison in Cold Bath c cm . fidds, Clerkenwell, and to report the fame, as it should appear to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, the zift Day of this Instant May.

Report on Act Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from

nn^rhetait ,^1C Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-Duties. ferred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for transferring the . " Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise j and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and " the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon," the Resolutions wthich the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth >

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Bounty of One Shilling and Six 7

Pence be granted, for a Time to be limited, upon every'

Calk of Pilchards, containing Fifty Gallons, exported from Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater orless Quantity, and which shall be entitled to the Bounty of Seven Shillings granted by the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Foreign Salt be permitted to be exported. Dutyfree, to the Island of Newfoundland, from the Ports of '

Poole, Dartmouth, and Glasgow.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon -the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein for amending the said Act.

Nix. William Dundas, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the giv^in'cer. Bill to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Crimi- tain same in nal Informations, and, in certain Cafes, to authorize re *

the Detention of Persons in Prison until Trial, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon 'Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this sill to conti-present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to "ue.®c^h " continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of May next,

" an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, Chapter Ten, videlicet, on the " Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks and certain Banking Companies " in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue " Notes for Sums under a certain Amount," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill to continue the said Act for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. William Dundas and Mr. MeDowall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Act for Pro. last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the VradMob " better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; confident, " and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs j~nc^ Yanf. " on Goods imported and exported, and on the Ton- nage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards " to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Pre-,€ liminary Articles of Peace," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Duties on Raw Linen Yarn imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred.' to consider further of the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused,

and

39 Geo. III. 7# — :8 523

and for repealing the Duties now payablq thereon, and was directed by the Committee to move, that they may granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read. have Leave to fit again. r And the Laid. Order, being, read accordingly; this House will, upon Friday Morning

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole resolve itself into the said Committee. House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Report Aom The House, according to Order, proceeded to take And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Reported00 into further Consideration the Report from the Com- Morning, Ten of the Clpck.

Herring Fish- mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to «Mfidered.er considercf the several Reports which, upon the azd

Day of December, and the 19th Day of March last,

were made from the Committee appointed to enquire v

into the State of the British Herring pilheries, and into

the most clfedtuaL Means Jor their Improvement and 8° diet fifatij

Extension.

And the Thirteen first Resolutions of the Committee . Anno 39 Georgii III'U Regis, 1799. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the -

Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Prayers.

The Fourteenth Resolution of the Committee, being QIMEQN Jacob Charles Collet D'E/cury took the D'Efcuiy read a Second Time, several Amendments were pro- Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization. fw®rn posed to be made thereunto, by.leaving out the Words

" detriment to the Revenue" and inletting the Words Mf. Blackburne, of , reported from the Cpm- Liverpool

" Inconvenience, and in all other. Cafes, in a Manner , mi.ttee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, &c-

* and at a Place hereafter to be determined." Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough of Liver- "

And the said Amendments, were, upon the Question pool, in the County of in Common Council

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. assembled, was referred; That the Committee had exa-

Re/o/ved, That this House doth agree with the Com- mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-mrttee, in the said Resolution so amended, That all the redted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, above Bounties be granted in addition to the Bounties to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; now granted by Law on the Exportation of Herrings, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: and paid by the Collectors of the Port at. which and Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. by whom they are ascertained, in all Cases in , which it To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an shall be practicable without Inconvenience, and in all Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her other Cales, in a Manner and at a Place hereafter to late Majesty Queen Anne, for making a convenient be determined. Dock or Bason at Liverpool, for the Security of all

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, be- Ships trading to, and from the said Port of,

ing severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Ques- was read, whereby it appears, that certain Rates and , tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Duties were laid, for a Tern) of Years, upon Ships or Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Vessels coming into or going out of the said Port, and Resolutions: And that Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, Sir the Trullees were impowered to borrow Money upon William Pulteney, Mr. Hawkins Browne, and Mr. Burrow, the Credit thereof: And,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame) Mr, John. Fofltr being examined, laid. That the said

Dock, or Bason was accordingly made, and that the Weikfhamand A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, and Trullees borrowed several considerable Sums of Money BiH^coramk- keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road on the Credit of the said, Act, and that owing to the ted.' at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Rarish of Melk- great Increase of the Trade, a greaterJNumber of Docks

sham, through Googe's Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and became necessary to be made; and by several Acts,

West Tat ton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Ma-the Parish of Castle Coombe, in the County of Wilis, jejfty King George the First, the Eleventh Xear °£ the

was read a Second Time. Reigrvof his late Majesty King George the Second, and

Rej'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buxton, in the Second and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of ML Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this After- His present Majesty (which were produced, to Your

noon, at-Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Committee) other Docks were directed to be made,

and. the said Rates and Duties were further continued;

Beckhamp- A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, al- that the- said Docks were accordingly made, but that

B."iCommit- ter nS> and improving the Road at or near Beckhamp- owing to the Hill continuing Increase of the Trade of

ted.' ton, anti from the North Side of Swindon to the Car- the said Port, there is present Necessity for Two ad-

penters Anns in Blmfden, and several other Roads therein djtional Docks, apd other Works, in the said Port j mentioned, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second that in the Execution of the said Acts, a very large Sum Time. _ of Money has been expended, and several large Sums

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to, Mr. Buxton, are pow due upon the Credit of the said Acts, which Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this After- cannot be repaid, nor the said Docks properly sup-

noon, at Five oft he Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. ported and kept ii) Repair, unless the present Dock

Rates and Duties are continued, and an Increase made The other Order of the Day being read; to the fame. That by the said Act of the Second Year

Committee on The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of His present Majesty's Reign, Power was given to the

nwued'^over" w le House, to consider further of the Bill to autho- Petitioners toeredl certain Lighthouses, and certain Rates fters Afliiiant rize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers and Duties were made payable by Ships and Vessels re- Bill. of the Poor. cciving the Benefit of such'Lights; that as the Light

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Duties are under one and the same Direction and Map

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart took the Chair , of the Com- nagement with the said Dock Duties, it would be committee. , venient and advantageous that the said Light Duties

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. should no longer remain distinct, but be consolidated

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee, into one Fund, ip order to defray the joint Expence of That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he the Docks and Lights. And the Witness added. That ' Vol. 54. the

5H 8° M^.1709.

the PoweiVand Provisions of the said Acts will require to be altered, amended, and enlarged: Then,

Mr. James Finchett being examined, said. That owing to 'the Negligence or Obstinacy of the Persons having the Care of Command of Vessels moored in the River of Mersey, which is within the Port of Liverpool, very frequent Obstructions, and other Damages and Inconveniencies arise to Vessels going into and out of the several Docks of the said Port, and that it will be necessary to regulate and prevent the same in future, and also to regulate the reasonable and fair Recompence and Wages to the Persons rendering Assistance to Ships and other Vessels in the said River,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool, and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks: And that Mr. B/ackburue of and Mr. Stanley do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tuxford rh- An ingrossed Bill to divide, allot, inclose, and im-®lU prove the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Tuxford, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to divide, allot, inclose, and improve the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Tuxford, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. P do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rochester and A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Road Bm, enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thir *

committed. teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for enlarging " the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the " Frrft,- Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign " of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the " House called The Sign of the Belli, in the Parish of " Saint Margaret, in Roto Maidstone, and other " Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Sir Edward Knatchbull, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

stanhope K- Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Allotment the Bill for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improv-Biu, reported, ing the Stinted Moors, Stinted Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the1 Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the: Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Own-

ers of 609 Cattle Gates, commonly called Stints -, and that the whole Number of such Stints upon the Moors 1 and Pastures intended to be allotted by the Bill are

5,922; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivefed the Bill, wnth the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table-: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were agreed to: by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,: with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for explaining and amending Two A<5ls, passed Shotts, Gafin the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of the Reign Roads^Bi'11, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from committed. Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. William Dundas, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. '

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ciutterbuck't for-veiling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Clutter- B"J buck, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in this present Billtocomi-Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to conti- gmaifSiotes " nue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of May next, an A&, commit Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of tedHis present Majesty, Chapter Nine, videlicet, on the " Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made " in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh, and in the " Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present.

" Majesty, for suspending the Operation of certain " Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years " of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining " the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of " Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of " Great Britain called England," was read a SecondTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Report on further Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for better supplying further confi-the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from cer- d««d. tain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed;

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon Thursday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take, the said Report into further Consideration. . f

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a. Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. '

AClause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Fire Engine shall be erected except at the Head of the Springs.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered,

v

Additional Exchequer Bills Bill, passed.

Bill to extend the Time for receiving Returns of Income, passed.

Bill to extend

the Time for Transfers of Stock for Purchase of Land Tax, polled.

King's Mef-sage for granting an Annuity to Sir James Marriott.

39 Geo. III. 8° Mali. 525

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third . Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for railing an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, and of another Act of this Session, for amending the said Act, to extend- the Time limited, by the said last mentioned Act, for receiving Returns of Income, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed to carry into Execution certain Acts for granting Duties upon Income, to extend the Time limited, by the said Acts, for receiving Returns of Income, and for explaining and amending the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to extend the Time for allowing the Transfer of Stock on Contrafts entered into under an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein Hated, the several Sums of Money now " charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax, for One Year, " from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand " Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," prior to the First Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and for registering such Contrafts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Time, limited by certain Acts, passed for the Redemption of the Land Tax, for receiving Contrafts, and making Transfers of Stock thereon, and for explaining and amending the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty, to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker, (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous of conferring a Mark of His Royal Favour on Sir James Marriott, Knight, late Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office, recommends it to His faithful Commons to consider of enabling His Majesty to grant an Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds, clear of all Deductions whatever, to the said Sir Marriott, dur-

ing the Term of his natural Life, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. R.

VOL. 54.

Resolved, That this Ftoufe will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take H is Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported froth the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House) and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amend- ments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Message from the Lofds, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to alter, enlarge, and repeal some of the Provisions of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present. Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from an Intrenchment on AJkerwell Hill, through port, to Penn Hill; from Bridport to; from the North End of the South Street of Bridport to Bridport Harbour; from the North Turnpike Gate at Beaminster to Beaminster Wood, otherwise Wood and

to Lenham's Water, all in the County of Dorset; with out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to difl'olve the Marriage of John Thoroton, Clerk, with Elizabeth, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, aild for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Blands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and their a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

6 S Mr.

Seditious Societies Bill, reported.

The lords hare agreed to

Bridport, 8tu Roads Bill.

Great Ellingham Inclosuro Bill.

The Lords

have passed Thoroton's Divorce Bill,

Governors Indemnity Bill, reported.

8° Mail.

A. 1799.

pilchards Mr. Rofepresented to the House, according to Order,

B'ii" pre&iit a for allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards ex-ed. ' ported, and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-

eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise: And the same ,was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House teitionofr° toref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade, — re- to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Sef-tpeifhngLinen fion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better ,rn protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on " Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage " of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards, to " or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminaiy Articles of Peace," as relates to the Duties on Raw Linen Yarn imported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Scotch Col- The Lord Advocate of Scotland repQrted from the ''orted'anlT Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Combinations re-committed, among Colliers and other Persons employed in the Collieries, and to regulate their Wages and Services, and the Conduct of Coal Owners and Lessees, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland., and to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House 3 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House beings informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House SupP!y. to ref0ive Jtself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Accounts re- Ordered, That the Account of the Sums which the Krrcd , . Commissioners, under the Seventh Article of the to be paid^m- Treaty of the 19th Day of November 1794, have award-der American ed to be paid by the British Government, and of the Treaty. Expences attending the said Commission to the 5th of

April 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Money issued Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money, pursuant to which have been issued out of His Majesty's Civil List Addielk-s. Revenues, pursuant to Addresses, and which have not

been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they h\d come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr William Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His " Person and Government."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re» port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now' received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tim© Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

A Bill for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Collot D'Efcury, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Perceval, Mr. Tierney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, upon the Bill for better recruiting the Forces of the Enf India Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a . Committee of the whole House,

Bill to conti^ nue Scotch Small Notes A <3, prefaced.

Committee o» Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pension

reported/

D'Efcury't Nar. Bill, committed.

East India Company's Recruiting Bill, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

£aft India Goods Bill, deter rod.

Bill for confirming Kan-worth Inclosure, passed.

D'Efeury's Nat. Bill, reported.

Taunton

Roads additional Petition.

39 Geo. III. 8 a — 9° Mail527

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for a convenient Carriage Road Ihoiild be rriade from Silver raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Street, in the Town of Taunton aforesaid, through

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Cross ,to join the Holway Road, at the End of the ing, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, said Cross Lane: Anti therefore praying, That

to consider further of the Bill for permitting certain Provision may be made in the said Bill for effectuating Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and House shall seem meet.

granting other Duties in lieu thereof. Orde, That the said Petition be referred to the

Confederation of a Committee: And that they do ex-And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Morning, Ten of the Clock. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Gore Langton,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third - Liverpool Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for better supply- Blll> ing the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

AN ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing The said Bill was read the Third Time.

the Division, Allotment, and Inclol'ure of cer- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title tain Whole Year Lands,. Common Fields, Half Year be. An Act for better supplying the Town and Port or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the the Parish of Ranworth, in the County of Norfolk, was Township of Rootle, in the County Palatine of Law-read the Third Time. caster.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the be. An Act for confirming and establishing the Divi- Lords, and desire their Concurrence, fion, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Whole Year

Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to East Looe Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ran- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ worth, in the County of Norfolk. the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Par-

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the liament, for the Borough of Looe, in the County

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. of Cornwall, in the room of John Buller, Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted Mr. John Pittreported from the Committee, to whom the the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three

Bill for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Collot D'Efcury, Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham,

was committed; That the Committee had examined in the County of Buckingham. the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be %

true; and that the Committee had directed him to re- Mr. Ajldey reported from the Committee, to whom Puiiton tn-port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, np°

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. in the Parish of Pur ton, otherwise Puriton, in the Coun-

ty of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing fe- House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com-veral Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, plied with; and that the Committee had examined the thereinafter described, was presented to the House, and Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; read; Taking Notice of the Bill for altering, enlarging, and that the Parties concerned had given their Content and repealing some of the Provisions in an Act, puffed to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Town of Taunton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, directed him to report to the House; and he read the in the County of Somerset, and all'o for extending the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Provisions of the said Act to a Road from Tucker's Gate, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's Inn, in the Parish of the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Ashcott, in the same County, and for making, and keep- then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the ing in Repair, the same Road; and Setting forth, That Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by it will be convenient to the Public, that so much of the the House.

Road, in the said Act described, to lead from the Shut- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be tern Turnpike Gate, through the Parishes of Wilton ingrossed. *

Trull, at Pitminfer, over Blagdon Hill, to the Beginning

of Trickey Warren, in the Parish of Church Stanton, in the The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Bill to ameqd County of Devon, as lies between the Village of Blag- Tuejdaylaft, was made from the Committee to whom dolurc^Aft" don, in the said Parish of Pilminster and Trickey Warren, the Petition of Henry Dalton, of Knaith, in the County ordered. ' in the said Parish of Church Stanton, should be difeon- of Lincoln, Esquire, was referred, might be again tinued; and that, in lieu thereof, a convenient Carriage read.

Road should be made from the Three Cross Roads in And the same being read accordingly;

Blagdon aforesaid, to a Place called White Wall, near Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Churching ford, in the Parish of Church Stanton aforesaid; amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the and that it will also be convenient to the Public, that Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Lane called Holway Lane, in the Parish of Taunton the Open Fields and Common in the Township of Saint Mary Magdalen,"or iorne Part thereof, should be Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining

lipped up and discontinued, and that, in lieu thereof, the lame, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Vol. 54. Township;

Jovis,90 Maii >

Anno 390 Georgii III. U Regis, 1799. Prayers.

Bill to extend Bail to be given in certain Cales in Scotland, passed.

Tanners, See, Indemnity Bill, reported.

Committee on Bill to conti-. nue English Small Notes Act.

reported.

528 9 Mail. A, 1799.

Township: And that Mr. Boucher ett and Mr. Mellish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to extend the»Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Informations, and, in certain Cafes, to authorize the Detention of Persons in Prison until Trial, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Informations, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. '

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrency.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and " other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather," and to repeal Parts of the said Act relating to the Buying of Hides, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where 'the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue,

" until the Twenty-fifth Day of May next, an Act,

" made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Nine, videlicet, on the " Fourth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred " and Ninety-nine, for continuing l'everal Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh, and in the " Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for suspending the Operation of certain Acts,

" made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange,

" under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain " called England," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundastook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him. to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him' to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the , 9

Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five Thousand One Hundred and Fifty Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to defray the Sums which the Commissioners, under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty, have awarded to be £>aid by the Britishi Government, and the Expences attending the said Commission to the 5th Day of April 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods " imported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain " Ship9 entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles " of Peace," as relates to the Duties on Raw Linen Yarn imported into this Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were' read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties granted by the said Act on Raw Linen Yarn, being the Produce of any of the‘Territories or Dominions of the King of Prussia, and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, shall cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged upon every One Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Raw Linen Yarn, being the Produce of any of the Territories or Dominions of the King of Prussia, and imported directly from thpnce into this Kingdom, a Duty of Three Pounds.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to empower His Majesty to secure " and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect

Report Supply.

Sums awarded to be paid under American Treaty,

Money issued puri'uant t< Additiles.

Report on A&

for Protection of Trade,

— respecting Linen Yarn.

Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Sui-pension A£, passed.

Committee on Mr. Palmer's Agreement, deterred.

Committee on King's Mef-sage ior granting an Annuity to ^ir James Marriott.

Committee on re-comniitted Fait India Goods Bill.

Committee on Scotch Collars Bill.

39 Geo. III. q° Maii529

" are conspiring again (I Mis Person and Government," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against " His Person and Government!"

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider of the Agreement made between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and John Palmer, Esquire, relative to his Appointment to be Comptroller General of the Poll Office, and also, of his Conduct in that Employment, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 24th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Confederation His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Yesterday, relating to His Majesty's Recommendation for granting an Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds, clear of all Deductions whatever, to Sir James Marriott, Knight, during the Term of his Natural Life, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they load come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Combinations among Colliers, and other Persons employed in the Collieries, and to regulate their Wages and Services, and the Conduct of Coal Owners and Lessees in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, re-.

Vol. 54.

spefting Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee; That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks and certain Banking Companies in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report, which, upon the 15th Day of March last, was made from the Committee of Secrecy;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen , intituled, "An Act for improving the Union of the Two King " doms," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty. King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to make " it High Treason to hold Correspondence with the " Sons of the Pretender to His Majesty's Crown, and " for attainting them of High Treason in case they shall " land, or attempt to land, in Great Britain, or any of " the Dominions thereunto belonging; and for suspending the Operation and Effect of a Claul'e in the Act " of the Seventh Year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms, relating to " Forfeitures for High Treason, until alter the Decease of the Sons of the said Pretender," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lnltruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of lb much of the said Acts, as relates to Forfeitures for High Treason.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

6 T Mr.

reported.

Bill to continue Scotch Small Notes Act, Cobh rutted.

Committee on Report from _ Committee of Secrecy.

hiftru£tioni

reported.

Bill refrecting

F ' - 'or

High Treason>

01 acred.

Governors Indemnity Bill pailed.

Seditions Societies Bill, passed.

550 90 — 10° Maii.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

ML Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Brugge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Abbot, the Master of the Rolls,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

Perceval, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report from the Committee of Secrecy.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Trea-lonable Purposes, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that the Provisions of the BUI shall not extend to Papers printed by Order of either House of Parliament.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following, were severally pro-poled to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 8. After " Thing" to insert " or " where any Money or other valuable Thing, shall be receved " from any Person admitted either under Pretence of paying " for any Refreshment, or other " Thing, or under any other Pretence, or by Means of any " Device or Contrivance what- __

" ever." Time.

A.

799

Pr. 13. I.21. After " Thing" to insert " of " where any Money or other valuable Thing, shall be received " from any Person admitted either under Pretence of paying " for any Refreshment or other " Thing, or under any other " Pretence, or by Means of any u Device or Contrivance what-

" ever.''

Pr. 23.1. 36. To leave out " Page," and insert '

" Leaves," instead thereof.

1. 38. To leave out " Page," and insert " Leaf," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do'pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Suppression Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and TreasonableJ Purposes, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices.

Ordered, That Mr. Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Rill for allowing a further Bounty Upon Pilchards Pilchard exported, and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, for ted.' transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excite, was, according to Order, read a Second Time. /

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itlelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

on,

ofure

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Lyddingt. Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and im- Bijj1 parent! proving divers Open and Common Fields, Common ed.' Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Lyddington with Caldecott and Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and also a Common or Waste within the same County, called Uppingham Brand, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the same Parishes, and all the Deer Browse and Rights of Common upon Beaumont Chace, in the same County, and making a Compensation for such Tythes and Common Rights respectively: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, rn{,i;| resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Company's the Bill for better recruiting the Forces of the East India,

_ Bill, ddeirctf.

Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris 10° die

Anno 390 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1799,

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Simeon Jacob o'Efcurys Charle: Collot D'Efcttry, was read the Third

Resolved,

Cradley Clnpel Bill, committed.

Thoroton's Divorce Bill, read.

beard's Divorce Bill, deferred.

Crimfl>y Haven Bill, presented.

Bill to amend Althorpe Inclosure Act, presented.

Liverpool Docks Bill, presented.

Ulverftone Inclosure Bill] passed.

39 Geo. III. 10° Mali. 531

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Waste Grounds, and MolTes, within the Town and Ham-be, An Act for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Collot let of in the Parish of Ulverfoue, in the

D'Efcury. County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for settling the Right of Patronage or Prefen- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Sandali Mutation of or to the new Church or Chapel of Crad/ey, in Common Fields, undivided Inclosures, Commons, Waste that Part of the Parish of Halefowenwhich lies in the Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Town- mitted. County and Dioceie of Worcester, and for other Pur- so'Ps of Sandali , Walton, and in the

poles, was read a Second Time. Parish of Magna, in the West Riding of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John County of York, was read a Second Time.

Pitt, Mr. Buxton,&c.: And they are to meet this Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Lascelles, Mr. &c: And they are to meet Chamber. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act . to dissolve the Marriage of John Clerk, with

Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wednesday next, upon . the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Shuldham Peard, Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Bligh, ind to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 21 ft Day of this Instant May, rel'olve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Boucherett presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enabling the Grimsby Haven Coppany to finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Boucherett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common, in the Township of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the fame, and certain inclosed Lands, within the said Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill, to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool, and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, within the Town and Hamlet of U/verstone, in the Parish of Ulverjloue, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, V O L. 54.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several North Cross-Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of North Crofsland, in the Parish of committed,

in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Skipton, Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of R^sCp'.^c' the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- tion, reported, feribed, being Part of the Creditors, and also Part of the Trustees, of the High Road thereinafter mentioned' was referred.

Mr Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Billon with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knarefl/orough to

Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read: And,

Mr. Peter Earnfhawbeing examined, said. That the

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed many considerable Sums of '

Money at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress hath been made in repairing, widening, and other Improvements of the said r Road, but the same cannot be completely finishedj and kept in Repair, and the Monies borrowed, or the Interest thereof be paid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be continued and enlarged, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Billon with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knareflorough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York:

And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

knayton Moor Inclo iure Bill, presented.

Millwrights Bill, committed.

Petition of Journeymen Millwrights, against D° Bill.

Temple Bar Improvement Bill, presented.

Gateshead and Hexham v Roads BiHf presented.

Petition of Sugar Refiners, against London Fort Bill.

532 10° Mali, . 1799.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, called Knayton , within the Township of Knayton, in the Parish of , in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Millwright Business, and to enable the Magistrates to regulate their Wages within the Limits therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, the Lord Mayor of , &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen Millwrights, working within the Metropolis and Twenty-five Miles round the fame, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would, in its Effect, be highly oppressive and injurious to the Petitioners, and all others exercising the Trade or Business of Journeymen Millwrights: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not be passed into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and tjiat the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Two several Acts, palfed in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes, and for explaining and amending the said Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the Church-Lane, near Ryton-Lane-Head, and from the Bar-Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilflon Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and also several other Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Whole of the Sugar Refiners within or near the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London-, and Setting forth. That Persons carrying on the Business of Sugar Refining have, for many Years past, been subject to great Incon-4

veniencies, Delays, and Obstructions, from the Infus-ficiency of the present Legal Quays, and the Want of proper Avenues thereto, and it is highly expedient and necessary that some Means should be adopted for giving Accommodation and Dispatch to the very increased Trade of the Port of London, which will not be effected by the said Bill, but, on the contrary, lo far as respects the Petitioners, the Situation of the Warehouses thereby proposed to be erected, being so very distant from the Buildings now employed in the Refining of Sugar, will subject the Petitioners to incalculable inconveniencies. Delays, Impediments in Process, and increased Expences, together with Damage, Waste, and Depredation, which, from the Nature of the Article, and the Bulk of the Package thereof, could not poffibiy be avoided: And therefore praying, That so much of the said Bill, as relates to the exclusive landing of Raw Sugars, as being West India Produce, at the proposed Docks and Quays at the Isle of Dogs, may not be passed into a Law, but that such other Measures, for the Relief and Accommodation of the Commerce of the Port of London, may be adopted, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Reports of the Minutes of the Evidence taken by the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and also by the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, were severally committed.

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River at

or near the Town of Ke/fo, in the County of Roxburgh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Douglas, Mr. Heron, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Green Man in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckingion, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with, or lying near to, the said Road; and for making and maintaining certain Pieces of new Road in Trowbridge aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Town of Trovo-bridge, in the County of Wiltsand for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, 'and Obstructions therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time limited by certain Aits, passed for the Redemption of the Land Tax', for receiving Contracts, and making Transfers of Stock thereon, and for explaining and amending the said Acts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; without any Amendment: And also,

The

Kelso Bri dge Bill, committed.

Trowbridge Roads Bist, presented.

Trowbridge Paving, &c. Bill, presented.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to extend the Time for Transfers of Stock for Pur-ch ile of Land Tax *

Additional Exchequer Bills £aU.

Bill to extend the Time for receiving Returns of Income.

Guide ford &c. Roads Bill.

<VTton cum Willingham inclosure Bill, committed.

Rochester Theatre Bill, deferred *

Trtnfporta-tion, &cc. Bill palfed. (Expiring Law.}

Debtors Bill, pafl'ed. (Expiring Law.}

39 Geo. III.

10 s Mail.

533

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed to -carry into Execution certain Acts for granting Duties upon Income, to extend the Time, limited by the said Acts,'for receiving Returns of Income, and for explaining and amending the said Acts; without any Amendment: And also.

" tioned in the Act, to make Discotery of, and deliver, " upon Oath, their Effects for their Creditors Benefit."

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bi!l to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, fof a Time to be Penitentiary limited, so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth s Bl1 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, (Expiring for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence " An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to Law-> to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the " the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punish-Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two " merit of certain Offenders," as relates to Penitentiary Acts, palfed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of Houses, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth

his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of "the Reign of His present Majesty,

so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing and widen- Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, ing the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford, the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-to Andrezv's Cross, and to Alfold Bars, in the County of four, on the Twenty-sixth Day of November Surrey, and from thence to New Bridge, in the County One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, in-of Sussex; without any Amendment. tituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws

And then the Messengers withdrew. " relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and

" other Punishment of certain Offenders," as relates A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open to Penitentiary Houses. and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the

Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish Lords, and desire their Concurrence, of Carton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge,

was read a Second Time. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue an General Adeane, &c.: And they are to meet this After- Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, inti-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. tuled, " An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth

Bill to contl nue English Small Notes Act, pa fled.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 24th Day of April last, for reading a Second Time, upon this Day Sevennight, the Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Rochester, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon ‘Thursday Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant May.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, for a Time to be limited, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively, was read be, An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July the Third Time. next, an Act, made in this present Session of Parlia-

ResolvedfVhoLt the Bill do pass: And that the Title ment, Chapter Twenty-four, videlicet, on the Twenty-be, An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day first Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made in the several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons Thirty sixth and Thirty-seventh, and in the Thirty-and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Re- eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

Day of May next, an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter " Nine, videlicet, on the Fourth Day of January One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and " Thirty-seventh, and in the Thirty-eighth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for suspending the " Operation of certain made in the Fifteenth

" and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory " Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, " within that Part of Great Britain called England" be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The <said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

moval of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Relief " of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of " their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall coritinue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, " and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver, upon " Oath, their Effects for their Creditors Benefit," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His pre-lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further " Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment " of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall " continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain " Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are men-

VOL. 54.

suspending the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Uliter of the Royal a (Tent Black Rod: to Bilk.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House 'in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of

6 U Peers,

534

i O° Mail.

Peers, where a Commission un ler the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of H is Royal Highnei's the Duke of

York, His Royal Highness the Duke of , His

Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of

Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Kenyon, the Earl Kerr, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Houshold, named also. in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal AlTent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine:

An Act for enlarging the Time limited by certain ' Acts, passed for the Redemption of the Land Tax, for receiving Contracts, and making Transfers of Stock thereon, and for explaining and amending the said Acts:;

An Act to enable the Commercial Commissioners, appointed to carry into Execution certain Acts for granting Duties upon Income, to extend the Time limited by the said Acts for receiving Returns of Income, and for explaining and amending the said Acts: An Act to amend so much of Three Acts, made in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and' Purchase, the several Sums of Money charged as a Land Tax, as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies, in any of the Courts in England " therein mentioned

An Act for exempting, during the present War, Persons serving in Volunteer Corps and Associations, from being ballotted for the Militia, under certain Conditions:

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and amend, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Four; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June

One thousand Eight hundred and Three; and so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Glals, as was to continue in Force for a limited , Time, until the Fifth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred:

An Act for remedying certain Defcds in the Law respecting Offences committed upon the High Seas:

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers: An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch " Gilpto Loch Crinan, in the Shire of Argyll:"

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, from or near Crefiage, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same:

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from

9

1799.

thence to the End of jtlie then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, m;tde in the Twenty-ninth YYar of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the Top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the May Pole in Condover, and from Coleham Bridge to Lcngdon, and from the Fifth Mile Stone, near Longdou, to the Turnpike Gate at Castle Pulvein the County of Salop:

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham, to crlands, in the

Pavilh of Saddlezeorth, in the County of York, and from Oldham to Ashton under Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of Royton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Yrcars, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so tar as the same relate to the Road from to Leeds, in

the West Riding of the County of:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike lload at Weyl'dll, in the County of Southampton, to the

Turnpike Road at Lydevoay, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for continuing for Twenty.one Yreavs, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Wfimoreland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster:

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Lane, in Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kim-bolton to the Way Poll near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon:

An Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, to continue in Force for Twenty-one Y'ears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Fofion Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Eighteenth Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening Roads from thence into the great Roads at Snarejbrooke, in the County of Essex, and at in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament,

39 Geo. IXL 10° 535

... v Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from the Whole Year Lands, Fen Lands, Heaths, Commons,

North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kenir.gkall,

and certain other Roads, in the County of Suffl'.v;: in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

from thence to the End <of the then next Session of Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Watte

Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Lands, within the Parishes of and

Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen- Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Snackage, in,

ing the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of over, and upon all the Lands and Grounds within the

Nottingham, to join the Turnpike Road from Nottingham said Parishes:

to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide An ^Vft for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

Poll on the Fcfs Road, near Bingham, in the said County Open Common Fields, Common Downs, and all Com-

of Nottingham: monable Places and Waste Lands, in the Parish of

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from Easton, in the County of thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- An Act to amend, and render more effectual, the rnent, the Term, and to alter, enlarge, and repeal some Power of Exchange in an Act, passed in the Thirty-of the Provisions of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty- seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, " An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- " Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Waste Lands, jesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of " and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the the Roads from an Intrenchment on Ashenvell Hill, " Parish of in the County of Bedford

through Bridport, to Penn Inn; from Bridport to Bea- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

minster; from the North End of the South Street of Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Bridport to Bridport Harbour; from the North Turn- within the Parish of Great in the County of

pike Gate at Beaminfer to Beaminster Wood, otherwise Norfolk:

Wood Common, and to Lenham's Water, all in the County An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

of Dorset: Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and mon Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, from thence to the End of the then next Session of within the Parish and Manor of Horton, in the County Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the of Buckingham:

Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of An Act todillolve the Marriage of the moll Honour-the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, able John James Marquis of Abercorn, with the moll Ho-and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present nourable Cecil Hamilton, his now Wife, and to enable Majesty, so far as the fahi Acts relate to the repairing him to many again, and for other Purposes therein and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon mentioned:

Wharf,\in the Parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through An Act todillolve she Marriage of Stanton with Guldeford, to Andretv'sCross, and to Alfold Bars, in the his now Wife, and to enable him to

County of Surrey, and from thence to New Bridge, in marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: the County of SuJJ'ex: An Act for naturalizing Catharine Naf'au:

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and An Act for naturalizing Henry von dem:

Barony of Craigiehall, lying in the County of Linlith-An Act for naturalizing gozv, and comprized in the Deed of Entail executed An Act for naturalizing Henry Berthoud.

by the deceased Sophia Marchioness of Annandale, with

Consent of William Marquis of Annandale, her Husband, Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the upon the Thirty-first July One thousand Seven hun- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rc-dred and Eight, and also for veiling certain Parts and ferred to take into Consideration His Majesty's moll Parcels of the Lands and Barony of Leny, lying in the Gracious Message of last, relating to His

County of Edinburgh, and comprized in a Disposition Majesty's Recommendation for granting an Annuity of and Deed of Entail thereof, dated the Third November Two Thousand Pounds, clear of all Deductions what-One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, granted by ever, to Sir James Marriott, Knight, during tire Term of Sir Robert Myrton, of Gogar, Baronet, with Consent his Natural Life, the Resolution which the Committee

therein mentioned, in Trustees, in Trull to fell or ex- had directed' him to report to the House; which he change the fame, and invest the Money arising from read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the such Sale in the Purchase or Exchange of other Lands, Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, followeth; viz.

and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, contained in the aforesaid Deeds of Entail; and for That His Majesty be enabled to grant a Yearly Sum out vesting in William Hope Weir, Esquire, of Craigiehall of the Consolidated Fund, not exceeding Two Thou-o_nd Blackwood, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee sand Pounds, to Sir James Marriott, Knight, late Judge Tail, certain other Parts of the said Lands, Baronies, of the High Court of Admiralty, and others: The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Downs, the House.

Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, within the fe- e That a Bill be brought in upon the said

veral Hamlets or Tythings of Berrington, Broad Camp- Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. and Mr.

den, and Westington, in the Parish of Chipping Campden, Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a cer- Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the tain Tract or Piece of Commonable Land, called Leigh Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Common, situate in the Tything of Leigh, in the Parish permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies of Teiminster, in the County of Dorset; to be warehous'ed, and for repealing tire Duties now

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu floors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being thereof, was re-committed, the Amendments which the within the Manor and Parish of Clevedon, in the County Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had of Somerset: directed him to report to the 1 ioufe; and he read the

% Voi. 54. _ Report

Report on King's Mef-sage for granting: an Annuity to Sir James Marriott.

R:\ft India Goods recommitted Bill, reported.

House resolvcs to adjourn to Monday Seven night.

Scotch Colliers Bill, passed.

Bill to amend Scotch Militia Awis, dd'erred.

Committee on Bill to continue Scotch Small Notes Act.

rtportc<h

Scotch Creditors Bill, passed. (Expiring

536 Mail. A. 1799.

Report in hii Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon ‘Iuefday Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant May.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennight, the aoth Day of this Instant May.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to prevent Combinations among Colliers, and other Persons employed in the Collieries, and to regulate their Wages and Services, and the Conduct of Coal Owners and Lessees in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to amend an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His' present Majesty, for altering several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal Bearers, and Salters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relative to Colliers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britainjca\\e<h Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Se-

vennight, the 2 2d Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to ifi'ue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

'Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand Eight hundred and Four, l'o much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Air. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 13th Day of May 1796, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the best Alode of providing sufficient Accommodation for the increased Trade and Shipping of the Port of London, be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Reports of the Alinutes of Evidence taken by the Committee to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and also by the Committee to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, were severally committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House. resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Bur don took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Burdon reported from the Committee, That they had made some further Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Burdon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Lhurfday Sevennight, the 23d Day

of this Instant May.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be lulficient for the Use of the Alembers of this House.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Alcadows, and Pastures, within the Parishes of Dark hill, 'Wefon Beggar d, Dormington, with the Chapelry of Bartejlree, in the said Parish of Dormington and Stoke Edith, with the Chapelry of in the said Parish

of Stoke Edith, all in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Saville, Mr. Henry Lafcel/es, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Wholesale Grocers within the City of London, and the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London; and Setting forth, That the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London have for a long Time been subject to great Inconveniencies, Delays, Losses, and extraordinary Expences, by reason of the confined and

crowded

Report of 1796, referred to Committer on Reports of Evidence respecting Lon-donDock^c *

Committee on a rain re-com-rr.itted Over-let rs AftiUnt BUI.

reported *

Yarkhiil, Welton Beg^ gard, See. If\-closure BUI, committed.

Petition of

Wholesale Grocers, agamlt London Port Bill.

Thirlage Bill, deterred.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Tanners, &c. Indemnity Bill, deterred.

3-0 Geo. III. i< ° — 20 537

crowded State of the Legal Quays belonging to the Old Port, and of the very difficult Access to the fame, and the H'ejl India Trade in particular has been, and still is, subject to very heavy Lodes, from their Articles being so much exposed as they are to Plunder; and that the said Bill will not tend to afford that Accommodation to Trade and Commerce in general which is so much wanted ;and though it may give Security to the India Merchant from Plunder, yet, from removing the Seat of Business to so great a Distance, it will, on the other Hand, tend to subject the Petitioners, and all other Purchasers of Sugars and other West India Articles, to a very great Increase of Inconvenience, Delay, Expence, and Plunderage, and of course can only remove such Expence and /Plunderage from the Merchant to the Purchaser; and that other Plans, for giving that Accommodation and Safety to the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London, which it is so universally allowed to

require, have, as the Petitioners are informed, been proposed to the Corporation of , which, if adopted,'

would have completely answered the Purpose; but the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, that the Plan to be carried into Execution by the said Bill, so far from producing the good Effects proposed by it, will have the direct contrary Effect in general, and particularly tend to injure the Purchasers of West India Commodities, as well as increase the Price of the Article of Sugar, already enormous beyond all Precedent: And therefore praying, Thatfo much of the said Bill, as enacts that Sugar shall be landed at the proposed Quays and Wharfs in the Isle of Dogs, and no where else in the Port of London, may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House, on Consideration of the Circumstances, may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Select Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Reports of the Minutes of the Evidence taken by the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue,'within the Port of London, and also by the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, were severally committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 20th Day of this Instant , resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-nighty the 20th Day of this Inllant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Iloule will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 20th Day of this Inllant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to indemnify all

Voi,. 54.

Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers,'and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather," and to repeal Parts of the said Act relating to the Buying of Hides, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Inllant May.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards exported, and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties tb the Commissioners of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly)

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 20th Day of this Inllant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 21st Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit> notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday SeVen-night, the aoth Day of this Instant May, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Lun<ey 20 Maii;

Anno 39° Georgii III", Regis, 1799-

Prayers.

ABRAHAM Zimon Doncker Cuvelje took the Oaths

appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the ciefting of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of I, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Sir Robert , Baronet,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Norwich, in the room of the Honourable Henry Hobart, deceased.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against " His Person and Governmentwithout any Amendment: And also,

6 X The

Pilchards Bounty, & c Bill, deterred#

fcail India Company's Recruiting Bill, deferred *

Committees to fit.

CuveljefWom *

tvelcheflef

Writ.

Norwich Writ#

The lords have agreed to

Bill to continue Habeas Corpus Suf-pension Aft#

Felony Bill.

(Expiring

Law.)

Bill relating to judges Lodgings at Aiiizes. (Expiring Law.)

Gander L iip

and Sheffield Jtoads Bill.

c B el IE rough-ton InciDiure

Bill.

Rowley Regis Inclosure Bill.

Axhridp^ Tn-«lofure Bill, committed.

Mapowder Inclosure Bill] reported '

538

20° M

A.

799

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of llis preflnt Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the Twenty-sixth Pay of November One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, intituled, "An Act to explain and " amend, the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders," as relates to the Punishment of burning in the Hand of certain Persons convicted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy; without any Amendment: ' And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act,'made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the Twenty-sixth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, intituled, "An Act to explain and " amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Orfenders," as relates to the Lodgings of Judges at County Assizes; without any Amendment.: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from . Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to in

the County of York, and from Green to

Clown, both in the said County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manors of Forfield, Bromhill, Bellbroughton, and

i Brians Bell, in the Parish of Bellbroughton, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Ax bridge, in, the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Diekin-Jon, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

j

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom ' the Bilf for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Commonable Lands in the Parish of in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, and also to the changing one of the Commissioners therein named, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That -the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be-added to the Gen- Member aM-tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, ami bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the doiuieBJl. Right honourable Robert Edward Lord Petre, and the humble Petition of Humphrey Ofbaldefton, Esquire, Thomas Weddall, Esquire, John Thomp Esquire, John

Spencer, Esquire, and of divers other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the several Manors or Townships of Bray ton, Thorp Burton, and Gateforth with Lund, in the Parish of Bray-

ton, in the West Riding of the 'County of York.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Brayton 1#-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Brayton, Thorp IVillowby, Burton, and Gateforth with Lund, in the Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York.:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon pear<Ts Df the xoth Day of this Instant May, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Tomorrow, upon the- ingross'ed Bill from the Lords,

' intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Shuldham Peard, Esquire, with - Elizabeth, his now Wife, late Elizabeth Bligh, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVeanesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill'for naturalizing Abraham Zimon Dor.cker CuveljVsNat Cuvelje, was read a Second Time. miued°m"

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir John William Anderson, gcc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report Hint Cout-from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, neylucloturts allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, 1 ,reportt Marsh and Waste Grounds, within the Township of HEJi Courtney, in the Parish of Bir'kin, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of One Common Right, who refused to sign the Bill and that the whole Number of Common Rights are 25; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through t-he Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

A Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Liverpool Powers of several Acts, relating' to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Wet Docks c *

and Piers in or near the Port of Land for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

39 Geo. III. 20°

Refolded, That the Bill be committee] to Mr. burne of Lancajliire, Air. &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

St. Andrew's Air. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for the better regulating and employing reported. ' the Poor, and for more effectually watching the Squares,.

Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holism, which lies above the Bars, in the County of and the Parish of

Saint George the Martyr, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Alle- gat ions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the , Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrotfed.

Koval Assent A Message by Mr. Yeoman [Vfher of the

Bills. Black Rod: *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commiihon afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal \ ' was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal

Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and . notify the Royal'Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Iloufiiold, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: W hich Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act fc^ further continuing, until the First Day of March One thousand Eight hundred, an Act, made in the lait SdTion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " empower His Mai city to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall fuipeft are conspiring against " His Person and Government

An Act for making perpetual io much of an Act, lnade in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the Twenty-sixth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportalion, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders," as relates to the Punishment of burning in the Hand of certain Persons convicted of Felony within the Benefit of Clergy:

An Act for making perpetual lb much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His pre-lent Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the . Twenty-sixth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, intituled, "An Act to ex-Vo L. 54.

Mail 5 39

" plain and amend the Laws relating to the Transpor-'

" tation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders," as relates to the Lodgirigs 6f Judges at County Assizes t

An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- , ment, the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Hi,s present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of York, and from Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manors of Forfield, Bromhill, and Brians Bell, in the Parish of , in the County of Worccjlen

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places; within the Parish of Rowley Regis, in the County of Stafford. ' ' '

Mr -Roffipresented to the House, according to Order, sir James Mar *

a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain AnnuitySiWl"pre-nuity to Sir James Marriott, Khight, late Judge of the fented.

High Court of Admiralty, in'Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office: And the same was received; and read the First

Time. '' ' ' ''..... '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time To-mprrow Morning. n '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Tanners, &c. Reading of the ingrossed Bill to indemnify all Persons b^I)'pallid, who may have incurred Penalties of Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act: concerning Tan-Ct ners, Curriers, Shoenfakers, and other Artificers oc-1 " cupying the Cutting of Leather," and to repeal Pails'of the said Act reliting to th^ Buying of Hides, be now read.' '‘ '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bijf do pass': And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify all Persons Who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act, pafl'cd in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act concerning Tanners, ' Curriers,

" Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather," and to repeal Parts of the said Act relating to the Buying of Hides. > '

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' ' #

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Thirl38e Blll‘ encouraging the Improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. William Dundas reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Pilchard to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, B.'ii^dcfer.eii upon the Bill for allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards exported, and for amending an Act, made in

' the

54°

the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Copper Ex. Ordered, That the Bill to regulate the Importation

Bin deferred' anc^ Exportation of Copper, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant

May.

Bill to con- An ingossed Bill to continues for a Time to be li-SmaTl Notes' an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, for

Act, passed, continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

: . 1799.

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. MDozvallreported from the Committee, to Port Glasgow

whom the Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, several Acts for charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots Bill, Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Ported *

Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the Towns of Port Glasgozv and Nezvark, and Privileges thereof, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed. 1

ao° Mali.

long Horse- Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee, to whom ^ie ^iU for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads Bill, Road leading from Long Bar or Gate on the

reported. Post Road, near the Town of ,by or through

Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and to the

River Breamish, and from thence to Piercey's in

the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his ' Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. M‘Dowall reported from the Committee, to Shorn, GUf-

whom the Bill for explaining and amending Two Acts, n

pasted in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of ported, the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the,

City of Glasgozv, and other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tfiat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Gateiheadand A Bill for more effectually amending, widening, im-Road^ Bill proving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from

comraitted . head, in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane,

near Ryton-Lane-Head, and from the Bar-Moor to the

Hexham Turnpike Road, near Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and also several other Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Glaijrow Two Mr. Mc Dow all reported from the Committee, to Pennies Scots whom the Bill for continuing, and rendering more ef-1 , reporiu, fe(c^ua^ passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of Glasgozv, and Village of Gorbals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Subscribers, Brewers in the City of Glasgozv and its Environs, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to

7

Mr. John Campbell reported from the Committee, to Teddington whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and otherwise Allotment^ improving all the Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, Bin, reported, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Teddington, otherwise Todiugton, otherwise Tettington, otherwise Tuddington, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of several Open Field Lands, amounting to 65 Acres, or thereabouts, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to 397 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

39 Geo. III.

ao° Mali.

54i

King's Brom *

Icy Inclosure dented.

Grim (by Haven Bill, committed.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Brandon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Manor of King's Bromley, and also certain Open Meadows or Lands within the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley aforesaid, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to riieet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Thoromn's Divorce Bill, commuted.

Bill to amend Althorpe In-do lure A<St, committed.

Knnyton Moor Inclosure Bill, committed *

The Lords luve agreed to

Greens Nor ton Inclosure Bill.

The Lords

have paflW Duke of Bedford's Estate Bill.

lord Rolle's £ilate Bill.

Lord Rolle's Estate Bill, read.

A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign -of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common, in the Township of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the fame, and certain inclol'ed Lands, within the said Township, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, called Knayton Moor, within the Township of Knayton, in the Parish of Leek, in the North Riding of the County of Tcrk, was read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce.See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Greens Norton, and Hamlet of JDuncott, in the Parish of Greens Norton, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Bucks, entailed by the Will of John late Duke of Bedford in Francis Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple, and for lettling other Estates in the said County of greater Value in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Ar.d also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the lcttled Estates of the Right honourable John Lord Roi/e in Trustees, to sell or exchange the fame, and purchase, or take in Exchange, other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefi'engers withdrew.

An ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable John Lord Rolle in Trustees, to sell or exchange the lame, and purchase, or take in Exchange, other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vo L. 5^.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ho dillblve the Marriage of John Cieik, with

Elizabeth, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purpol'es therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House win, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a'Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gro'schr.er^ for naturalizing Maria Gro'finer, otherwise Huntley, ,com *

was read a^iecond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tc Mr. John Pitt, Sir Charles Morgan, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Henry Lrfeelles presented to the House, according skipton, Ok-to Order, a Bid to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the prince.' Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from' the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Billon with Harrogate, and from thence to com municate with the Road leading from to

fVetherby, in the-West Riding of the County of York:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for car- Temple Bar rying into Execution Two several Acts, paised in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Y'ears of the Reign of ted.' <'°muu His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Pnrpol'es, and for explaining and amending the said Acts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Coombe, Sir John William AnderfoSee.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Heron reported from the Committee, to whom Dunbar's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate Bill, refer empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in nit

Scotland, to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Ma-chermore, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, which belonged to Patrick Dunbar, late of Machermore, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts of the said Patrick Dunbar, and his Predecessors, and the Sums with which he charged the said Estate, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Heron do carry the Eill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

6 Y,

unVel :md TVtth Roads Bill, reported.

J.v.w n "d

' :n V; -\'r$

Miiihy Roads Periri(/ii, reported.

'petition of Merchant *

s-c.

jjp.j to amend

Uirii K:ir-K.nr Acts.

S42

20° Mali. 1799.

Ordered, That Mr. Heron do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and repairing the Road from Dunkeldto Coup of Angus, and the Road leading out of the lload between Dunkeld and Perth, to the Boat of Caputh, by or through the Village of Stanley, in the County of Perth, was committed.

Mr. Heron accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bid, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and niado several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ^nd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion loverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Crezve reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names arc thereunto lubscribed, being Trullees for putting in Execution Three several Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth.Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chesler, to Laze ton, and from thence to s

Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found Hut the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turripike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-k)\veth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mrs. Maria Sarah Booth being examined, said. That a considerable Debt has been contracted upon the Credit of the Tolls, which now remains due: And,

A Member present informed Your Committee, That the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the moll Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County

Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Jha/Ts Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County: And that Mr. Crezve and Mr. Cho/monde/ey do prepare, taid bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Importers, and Ship Owners, of Leith, whole Names are thereunto fub-fenbed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of

iI is present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith-, and Setting forth. That the same is very prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners, who will be thereby subjected in very high Duties, without receiving any adequate Benefit, and the.proposed Management of the Improvements, and the Amount of Dock Rates, are exceptionable: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, their Couniel, or Agent?,

against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief as to the House shall Idem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition of thereunto lubscribed, being Journeymen Millwrights aftA?fu-working within the Metropolis, and Twenty-five Miles wrighti' Bill. round the fame, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Millwright Bu-finess, and to enable the Magistrates to regulate their Wages, within the Limits therein mentioned; and Setting forth. That the same contains divers Provisions and Regulations which would, in their Effect:, be highly injurious and oppressive to the Petitioners, and all others exercising the Business or Calling of Journeymen Millwrights: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Couniel, against such Parts of the said Bill as mav affect them, and that the same may not pals into a Law as it now stands, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Pre-miles as to t he House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard,- by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be ah Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cluttertmck' for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Clutter- fdmmifted. buck, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Manner, and for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to' be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shazv Lefevre, Mr. Gipps, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's; Chamber.

Ordered, That Air. Shazv Lefevre do make the Report Goftmon from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, incioiUrcBil), allotting, and inclosing the Common, Fen Droves, and reporte Waste Lands, in the Parish of Gojbin the County of Lincoln, was committed.

Air. Shazv Lefevre accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the I louse, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

' Amendments

39 Geo. III.

2o° — 2i°

i43

Bill respecting Forfei- tures for High Treason, presented.

Supply, deferred.

Way and Means, deferred

The Lords have agreed to

Scotch Ball Bill.

Governors

Indemnity

Bill.

Honington Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment *

The Lords have passed Payne's Estate Bill.

Campbell's X>ivorcc Bill.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'cve-rally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Mr. Abbot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late- Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treal'on after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the a8th Day of this Initant Alay.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itl'clf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this will, upon Morning

next, resolve itl'clf. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis,21° die Maii;

Anno 39 Georgii III1 1 Regis, 1799.

PR AY ERS.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Informations, in that Part of Gr Britain called;

without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the West India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods anti Commodities in Foreign Bottoms; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Halt Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Honington, in the County of Suffolk; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Payne, Esquire, and Hester his Wife, in the County of in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of their unsettled Estates in the County of Som; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Char let Collins Campbell, Esquire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet his

now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act J'yn2's for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Simon Payne, ‘ ,rw' Esquire, and Hefcr his wife, in the County of Gloucejicr, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of their un-i'ettled Estates, in the County of Somerset, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

r. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom Taunton 'etition of the several Persons, whole Names are tionafpeti-

And then the Messengers withdrew. Vox.

Mr. the Petiti

thereunto lubscribed, being Trustees for repairing several i°n> reported. Roads in the Counties of Somerset ant 1 Devon, thereinafter described, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Kinglake being examined, laid, That it

would be convenient to the Public, that so much of the Road leading from the ShutternTurnpike Gate through the Parishes of IVilton Trull, at Pitmover Hill, to the Beginning of Trickey Warin the Parish of Church Stanton, in the County of Devon, as lies between the Village of Blagdon, in the said Parish of and Trickey Warren, in the said Parish of Church,

should be discontinued, and that in lieu thereof a convenient Carriage Road should be made from the Three Cross lloads in Blagdon aforesaid, to a Place called White Wall, near Churchingford, in the Parish of Church Stanton

aforesaid. And the Witness added, That it will also be convenient to the Public, that the Lane called Hol-way Lane, in the Parish of Taunton Saint Mary len, or some Part thereof, should be stopped up and discontinued; and that in lieu thereof a convenient Carriage Road should be made from Silver Street, in the Town of Taunton, through New Cross Lane, to join the Holivay Road at the End of the said Cross

Lane.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, enlarging, and repealing some of the Provisions in an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the County of Somerset, and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to a Road from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the same County, and for making, and keeping in Repair, the same Road, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for discontinuing the present Turnpike Road from the Village of Blagdon, in the Parish of Pitminster, in the County of Somerset, to Trickey Warren, in the Parish of Church Stanton, in the County of Devon, and for making a convenient Carriage Road, from the Three Cross Roads in Blagdon aforesaid, to a Place called White Wall, near Churchingford, in the Parish of Church Stanton aforesaid.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for flopping up a Public Highway, called Plolu'ay Lane, in the Parish of Taunton Saint Mary

dalen, and for making a convenient Carriage Road from

Silver Street, in the Town of Taunton aforesaid, through New Cross Lane, to join the Holivay Road at the End of the said New Cross Lane, in the County of Somerset.

An ingrafted Bill for more effectually repairing and LoniTiforfek-y amending the Road leading from Long Bar or ^?cd 'fseth'

Gate on the l'ofl Road, near the Town of by Bili, passed,

or through Long Horselev, Weldon Bridge, and Whitting-

ham, to tlitf River Breamish, and from thence to Pierces's

Cross,

toroYchner's

Ivi.it. B ii, reported, and p.dkd.

Cnvclje's Nat. Dill, reported.

Patti n gharri, &c, Inclosure Bill, reported.

Petition agamlt King's Bromley Inclosure Bill.

544

2i° Mai

A. 1799.

Crop, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that ihe Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Road leading from Long Horseley Bar or Gate on the Toft Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, IVcldon Bridge, and IVhkiingl:am, to the River Brehmish, and from thence to Piercy's Cross, in the County of Northumberland, to continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaumont do. carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiirc their Concurrence.

Mr. Joint Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Maria Gro'fotherwise was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Abraham Doncker Cuve'je,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Arable Lands, intermixed Fields, Meadows, and Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the rcl'pcdlive Manors of Pattingham and Patjhull, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question several iy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

in°Tcllld.

O

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common, or other Rights, in certain Open Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within, or belonging to, the Parish or Manor of Kings Bromley, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds within, or belonging to, the Manor of Kings Bromley, and also certain Open Meadows or Lands within the Parish or Manor of Kings Bromley aforesaid, in the County of Stafford; and Sorting forth. That, if the same shoukl pals into a Law, the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners will be very materially affected and injured thereby: And therefore, praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Couniel,

6

againfhthe said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at or near Buekland, in the County of Berks, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are also thereunto iub-icribed, being Mortgagees under the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which fcill remain due, and that the said Roads cannot be completely amended, and kept in Repair, and the Debts be discharged, unless the Term and Powers of the said A cl be enlarged; and that it was the Intention of the said Trustees to apply to Parliament, in proper Time, for a Continuance of the said Act, but, the Duration thereof having been miscalculated, the Notices required by the Orders of the House have not been given, nor was it discovered, till a few Days pall, that the Term of the said Act will expire at the End of the present Sdlion; and that, should the said Act be lutTered to excite as above-mentioned, the Eileft will be

A

highly injurious to the Mortgagees who lent their Money on the Credit of the said Act, trusting that they should be repaid, with Interest, the several Sums by them advanced in the Course of the Term granted by Parliament, or that the Trustees would have duly applied for the requisite Continuance of the said Act; and that the Whole of thcoiiginal Debt remains due, together with Seven Years Arrear of Interest, and, Iliould the said Act be suffered to expire as above-mentioned, the Consequences will be very prejudicial to the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, and to the Public at large, as the said Roads cannot be maintained, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of the Tolls now taken thereon by virtue of the said \dt; and that the Petitioners, the said Trustees, are desirous of complying with the Orders of the House, respecting Notices of Applications to Parliament, in any Way that may now be in their Power, and the House may think fit to prescribe: And therefore praying, That, as the Necessity for an immediate Application to Parliament was not discovered, till after the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was expired. Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for the Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said several Persons.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at or near Buekland, in the County of Berks, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are also thereunto subscribed, being Mortgagees under the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying the House to take the Premites into Consideration, and that they may have Permission- to give Notice of their Application to Parliament in such Way as the House may think fit; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tho. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

Petition for Leave to present a Petition for continuing Buck hind

Ra.d Act.

Leave given *

Petition prpf ftnicu.

Trowbridge Roads BilJ, iommitted.

Trowbridge Paving Bill, committed.

Port Glasgow and Newark Two Pennies Scots Bill, passed.

Glasgow Two Pennies t'cots Bill, passed.

Sbotts, Glas-Ijow, See. Roads Bill, passed.

39 Geo. III. 210 Maii.

545

And it is referred to Mr. Fane, Mr. &c:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Green Alan in the Chapelry of , in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to ittgion, in the County of SomerJ'et, and several other Roads communicating with, or lying near to, the said Road; and for making and maintaining certain Pieces of new Road in Trowbridge aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Refohcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddocke Wyndham, Ml . Strachey, &'c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleaning and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wills, and for removing and preventing Nui-

fances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ruddocke Wyndham, Mr. Pienepont, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the C^lock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. A PDoivaldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill foe dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marsh and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hirjl Courtney, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 5. After " Places," to insert " and " Wharfage or Landing Places."

1. 15. After " Place," to insert " and Wharsage or Landing Places."

Pr. 20. 1. 2. After " Cattle," to insert^ and Wharsage or Landing Places."

1.15. After " Cattle," to insert " and Wharsage or Landing Places."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marshand Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hirjl Courtney, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrolTcd Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, l'everal Acts for charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended qr fold within the' Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Privileges thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual, several Acts for charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and Privileges thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. A fDowalldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of Glasgow and Village of Gorbals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof, was read the Third Time. 1

Refohcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of Glasgow and Village of Gorbals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. AicDowall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first and Thirty-Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Sholts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years-of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of Skctts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Vol. 54-

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Paf-, tures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Grajlhorpe, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land rated to the Land Tax at £.2. $s. 4 a Year, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the YVholc of the Property entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed is rated to the Land Tax at £.$6. 9 s. gd.a Year, or thereabouts; and that no

Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroiled.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common, Fen Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Gosberton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time. v

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common, Fen Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Gosberton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and iocloling the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Purton, otherwise in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

6 Z Open

Hirft Courtney Inclosure Bill, passed.

Grnfthorpe

Inciolurc Bill,

reported.

Gosberton In cloi'ure Bill, passed.

Puriton In closure Bill, passed.

t)uke 6f Bedford's F.ltare Bill, read.

Punkcld and rcrth Roads Bifl, passed.

B-porr of

C.orV':h^on Cold Bath ritidfc i"rijhn, further confide; ed.

Committee on Mr. Palmer's Agreement, deferred.

Fall India -Goods Bill, deferred.

V

546 - 2i° — 22° Mali. . .^.1799.

Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Pari lb of Purtott, otherwise Puritan, in the County of IVihs.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Bitch, entailed by the Will of John late Duke of Bedford, in Francis Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple, and for lettling other Estates in the said County of greater Value in lieu thereof, was read the First Time,

Ref deed. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making and repairing the Road from Die,:keld to Coitpar of Angus, and the Road leading out of the Road between Dunkcld and Perth, to the Boat of Caput h, by or through the Village of Stanley, in the County of Perth, was read thcThird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for making and repairing the Road from Dunkcld to Con par of Angus by the Bridge of IJla, and the Road leading out of the Road between and

Perth, to the Boat of Caput h,by or through the Village

cl Stanley, in the County of Perth, to continue in Force for Twent)-one Years, and from thence'to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir David do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was re-committed, be taken into further Consideration uptrn Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James , Knight, late

Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thir-lage, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° die Maii;

Anno 39 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1799.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the State of His Majesty's Prison in Cold Bath Fields, Clerkenwell, and to report the tame, as it should

appear to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Resolutions of the said Committee Be now read a Second Time.

And the First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be re-conunitted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp „ c iSir Francis Burdeft,

Tellers for UeWas. ' u

(Mr. Sheridan: /

w n c.1 x' 1 Lord Viscount Behrave, )

Tellers for the Noes, mUam J ,. j

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being i'everaliy read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the </ \ Commons and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Mapowder, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Commonable Lands, in the'Parish of,

in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Arable Lands, intermixed Fields, Meadows, and Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the respective Manors of Patting ham and in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Arable Lands, intermixed Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the respective Manors of Pattinghamand Patjhull, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. John P do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 9th Day of this Instant , for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Friday next, to consider of the Agreement made between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and John Palmer, Esquire, relative to his Appointment to be Comptroller General of the Poll Office, and all'o of his- Conduct in that Employment, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 30th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

N

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting certain Goods imported from the End Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and 2

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Abraham Zimon Doncker Cuve/je, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Abraham Zimon

Cuve/je.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Moriand reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Church Staunton, in the County of Devon, was committed; That the Committee had" examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates rated to the

Land

East India Company' Recruiting Bi U, deterred.

Sir James Mar riott's Annuity Bill, de ferred *

Thirlage Bill deterred *

Mapowdrf Inclosure Bill, pulled#

Pattingham, &c. Inclosure Bill, palled#

Cuvelje's Nat# Bill, passed.

Church Staunton Inclosure Bill, reported,)

Klarlcet Har-

borough and Brampton Road Bill, passed.

39 Geo. III.

22° M.

547

Land Tax at £.23. 14 - 6 d»who refused to sign Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the Bill; and also, the Owners of Estates, rated at repairing and widening the Read leading front Market

£.12. 17 s.4 \d.who were neuter; and all'o, the Own- , in the County of the P :id in

ers of Estates, rated at £.6. 7 s. 10 d.who could not be the Parish of Brampton, in the County of

met with; and that the whole Property of Persons, Ordered, That Mr. Dir kins do' carry the Bill to the

having Right of Common on the Lands intended to Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

be inclosed, is rated to the Land Tax at £.191. in.

11 \d.\and that no Person appeared before the Com- An ingrafted Bill for the better regulating and em-mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had ploying the Poor, and for more effectually watching the gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew which lies

House; and he read the Report in his Place; -and after- above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County *

-t. An-1, iioit v Po'.r Hi pulled *

the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally piit thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acfts, pallid in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty.seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of

was read the Third Time,

Resolved, Thfit the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for more effectually watching the Squares,

Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the Bars, in the County of MiddLJcx, and the Paiiih of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainivaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom MeH: foam and

County of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.

2.

the Bill for more eftecftually amending, widening, and Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road

at the Bottom of Hill, in the Parish of

sham, through Gcoge's Lane, Bui deft me, and

Wesi Tatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coofiibe, in the Parish of Cajile Coombe, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Coombe Road Bill, reported.

1. 6.

1. 15.

1. 16. 1. 17.

Pr. 4. 1. 11.

After " Parts" to insert " thereof."

To leave out " Ten" and insert " Thirteen" instead thereof.

To leave out " Eight hundred."

To leave out " Eighty-feyen" and insert "Sixty-six" instead thereof; and after " Pounds" to insert "and " Five Shillings."

To leave out from " respectively" to " And" in Line 34.

Pr. 7. 1. 22. To leave out " Tenth" and insert " said First" instead thereof; and to leave out " May" and insert " "

instead thereof.

I.35. To leave out "Tenth" and insert " First" instead thereof.

1. 36. To leave out " May" and insert " September " instead thereof.

Pr. 8. I.21. To leave out "Tenth" and insert " First " instead thereof; and to leave out " and insert " Sep-

" tember " instead thereof.

To leave out from "the" to "said" in Line 34.

To leave out "Ten" and insert "Thirteen " instead thereof.

To leave out " Eight hundred."

To leave out " Eighty-leven " and insert " Sixty-six " instead thereof; and after " Pounds " to insert "and " Five Shillings."

Pr.' 9. 1. 20. After " present" to insert "or anyNinc " or more of them."

1. 36. After " exceeding " to insert " Two " thousand."

P. 12. 1. 28. To leave out " Twenty " and insert " Ten " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and amending the Powers of Three several Atfts, paised in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Voi. 54.

1.

1.

1.

1.

33 *

34-

35-

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effeiftually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road at or near Bcckhampton, and from the North Side of Swindon to the Carpenters Arms in Blunfden, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of kVilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

' j

to report to the 1 loute; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An'ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving the Stinted Moors, Stinted Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the ParilR of Stanhope, in the County of ham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made ‘ to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 9. After " thereabouts" to insert " exclusive of several other Stinted Moots " and Stinted Pastures herein after " mentioned and excepted."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

put

Bcckhampton See. Road Bill, reported.

Stanhope DJ-vision and Allotment Bill, passed.

Ribbon Manufacturers Petition, reported.

Mr. Burdon to carry Hirft Courtney Inclosure Bill to the Lords.

Toor Relief Bill presentrd.

Committee on Feard's Divorce Bill.

548

220 M

A

799'

put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving several Stinted Moors, Stinted Failures, Wastes, and oilier Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Park and Forcll of IVear dale, in the Parish of,

in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilberforce Bird reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Peri'ons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Manufacturers, Undertakers of Work, and Artizans, engaged in the Ribbon Manufactory, in the County of Warwick, and in the City and County of Coventry i and elsewhere, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Walter Brind, Esquire, being examined, laid, That the Persons employed in the Ribbon Manufactory have, forfomeTime pall, laboured under Difficulties, andfuffered considerable Inconveniencies in carrying on the said Manufactory, for Want of'a proper Regulation in the Wages, Pay, and Price ot Labour of the Journeymen and Work People employed therein; and that it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to all Parties concerned, and an Encouragement to the Manufactory, if the Wages, Pay, and Price of Labour as aforesaid, were properly regulated and settled: And,

Mr. John Gardiner being also examined, confirmed the abov<? Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Wages, and the Prices for Work, to be paid in the Ribbon Manufactory within the City and County of the City of Coventry, and within the County of Warwick: And that Mr. Wil Bird and Mr. John Fane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry to the Lords the ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marsh and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hirft Courtney, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Sir Godfrey IVebjler presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and " Employment of the Poor," for the Purpose of enabling United Parishes to hire Farms for the further Support and better Employment of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a. Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to difl'olve the Marriage of Beard, Esquire,

with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Bligh, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That

they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppol'e the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House,-without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. William Dundas, according to Order, reported Thlrl.it Bill,

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the r£i)oruti' Bill for encouraging the improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tl\e Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for proportioning the Commutation amongst the Tenants.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed. \

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, several Law-s relating to the Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, videlicet, on the Twenty-sixth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, intituled, "An Act - to " explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of " certain Offenders," as relates to Penitentiary Houses; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, " with respect to the Imprisonment of theiF Persons, " and to oblige Debtors, who Ihalhcontinue inExecution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums " not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to " make Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath, their " Estates for their Creditors Benefit;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July next, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, Chapter Twenty-four, videlicet, on the Twenty-first Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh, and in the Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for suspending the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promili'ory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that

Part

The Lords have agreed f

Transportation, BilL (Expiring Law.)

Penitentiary Houses B111. (Expiring Law.)

Debtors Bill.

(Expiring

Law.)

Bill to continue English Small Notes Act.

Thornton Marsh Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed

Marquis of Lansdown's Estate Bill.

Lyddington, &c. Inclclure Bill, committed.

fill to amend Scotch Militia A£fcs, deferred.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

East India Company's Kccruiting Bill, deferred *

Sir James Marriott's Annuity Bill, ontmiUed.

39 Geo. III.

Part of Great Britain called England; without an Jr Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Common, Waite, and Marsh Grounds, called Thornton Marsh, within the several Parishes of Boulton and BiJ'pham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; with

some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in Tokenh Yard, in the City of London, in the Trustees of the other settled Estates of the Marquis of Lansdown, and the Right honourable John Henry Petty, commonly called Earl of ,in

Trull to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from the Sale in the Manner therein directed, and for empowering the said Trustees of the said settled Estates, to apply the Monies arising from the Sale of any Part thereof in the Manner therein directed, and for discharging the said settled Estates from a Rent Charge of Five Hundred Pounds, given to James Petty, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, by the Will of Henry formerly Earl of Shelburne, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of thisTIoufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Lyddington zeithCaldecott and Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and all'o a Common or Waste within the same County, called Uppingham Brandy and for extin-;guishing all the Tythes arising within the same Parishes, and al! the Deer Browse and Rights of Common upon Beaumont Chace, in the same County, and making a Compensation for such Tythes arid Common Rights ' respectively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Low!her, Mr. Ljgon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland;

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

' The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Marriott, Knight, late Judge of Vol. 54.

549

the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office, wras read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the while House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To-moriow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovi'Sy23 die Man;

Anno 390 Georgii III. " Regis, 1 799- Prayers.

MR. Dickinfott reported from the Committee, to south Brent whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- a 1 1 Lytnpj; closing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, buT, reported! lying and being within the Parishes of South Brent and Lympsham, in the County of Somerset, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee % had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Five Common Rights in Fee, One in Reversion, and Two upon Lives, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Common Rights is 158 in Fee, 28 in Reversion, and 29 on Lives; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and hiade several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That, the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Dickinsonreported from the Committee, to whom Taunton

the Bill for altering, enlarging, and repealing some of RoJ,ls Bill, the Provisions in an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year rei>0 e of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the county of,

and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to a Road from Tucker's Gale, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the same County, and for making, and keeping in Repair, the same Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the.

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's.

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

7 A Mr.

22° — 23

55° $3° 799 *

iVtltion reh- Mr. Tyrwhitt reporter! from the Committee, to whotn the County of alii! another Branch

forevvMenin-CS of Wit, Ham Taylor, of the Haymarket> from the said Road at in the County of

&c.Vstrc«TS' Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had exa- , to near the City of and

leading from mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed Mortgagees on the Tolls thereby granted, and Owners ' ket, reported, him to report the fame, as. it appeared to them, to the of Lands and Lead Mines, and Inhabitants within the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af- several Parishes of Whickham, tVoU

terwards delivered it in at the Clerk's TableWhere

the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. and in the County of Durham, and die

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Parish of in the County of , was

Joseph Williams being examined, said. That, in pursuance presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the of Leave granted by the House on the Eighteenth Day Bill for more effectually amending, Widening, improv-of March last, Notices have been given at the Easter ing, and keeping ih Repair, the Road from in

Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Mid- the County of , to the Church Lane, near Ryton-

d/efex, of an Application being made to Parliament for Lane-Head, and from the Bar-Mbvr to the HexJum a Bill for widening and improving the East End of the Turnpike'Road, near , in the County of

Street called Pall Mall, between the Haymarket and , and also several other Roads therein

Market Lane, and for making a new' Street from the described, lying within the said Counties; and Setting Haymarket aforesaid, into Charles Street, Saint James's forth. That the further Continuation to collect Tolls at Square, all in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and a certain Toll Bar upon the said Road, called Sioa/lwell County of Middlesex; and that the like Notice was Bank, will be highly injurious to the Petitioners, and also given Three Times in The London Gazette, in such others in like Situations, unless certain Exemptions and and the like Manner as is required by the Standing Restrictions are inserted in the said Bill in their Behalf;

Orders of the House, of Applications intended to be and that the said Bill contains Powers for erecting a

made relative to Bills for paving, lighting, cleansing, certain Toll Bar or Toll Bars, and for collecting Tolls at and improving any City or Town. the fame, and other Powers and Provisions, which, if

The House was moved. That the Report which, suffered to pass into a Law, will be highly injurious to upon the 13th Day of March last, was made from the the Estates, Securities, Rights, and Interests, of the Pe-. Committee, to whom the former Petition of William titioners: And therefore praying, That they may be Taylor, of tire Haymarket, Esquire, was referred, might heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, be again read. and that the same may not pal's into a Law as it now

And the same being read accordingly; stands.

Hnynwrket v Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

BilT ordered ma^'nS a new Street from the Haymarket into Charles Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill

1 , or ere . Street, Saint James's Square, within the City and Liberty is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by

of Westminster: And that Mr. Tynvhitt and Mr, Mtheir Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee land do prepare, and bring in, the fame. upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Pall Mall Tm- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-provement^ widening and improving the East End of the Street mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the 1 , or eu . ca]jecj pan Mall, between the Haymarket and Market same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Lane, within the City and Liberty of Westminster: And Petition.

that Mr. Tyrwhitt and Mr. Morland, do prepare, and Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

bring in, the fame. Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Member added to bring in Houghton Sc South Stoke Inclosure Bill.

Campbell's < Divorce Bill, ead.

Houghton and South Stoke Inclosure Bill, P relented.

Petition of certain Trustees, against Gutefheadand Hexham Ruada Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Houghton and South Stoke, in the County of Suffer.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to difi'olve the Marriage of Charles Collins Campbell, Esquire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet Frafer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the 0}>en and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of and South Stoke, in the County of And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, being severally Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the present Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham, near LobleyHill, in the Parish of Whickham, in the County of Durham, to Bin the Parish of Stanhope, in the same County, and a Branch from the said Road near Bryan's Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road near Black Hedley, in

General Adeane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parishes of Grantchester and Coton, in the County of CambrAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Eaton, in

the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates of the Annual Value of £,20, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property interested in the Inclosure is of the Annual Value of £.400; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to- oppefe the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Hohfe being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved,

Grantckelbr

and Coton Inclosure Bill, presented.

Water Eaton Inclosure BUI reported, and re-committed.

fcuckland koad Petitir nj reported *

Church Staunton Inclosure jfciill, paired.

Moorgate Inclosure Bill, reported.

39 Geo. III. 23®

Resolved, That the said Bill be recommitted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whoni the same was committed.

Mr. % htt Fane reported frorti the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing' an Act} passed in the.Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, being Mortgagees under the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, the Duration of the Term of the Act having been mifcalculated, and it not having been discovered, until very lately, that the same would expire at the End of the present Session; and that the Committee had also examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Leake being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remain due; and that the said Roads cannot be completely amended, and kept in Repair, and the Debts discharged, unless the Term and Powers of the said' Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given in some one Newspaper of each County, through which the said Road paifes, or if no such Paper is printed, then in the Newspaper of some near or adjoining County, Three Times in the present Month of May, and in the Month of June next, or either of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Bill to continue the Term of the said Act; and that a like Notice be affixed on the Turnpike Gates now erected on the said Road, and on the Church Doors of the several Parishes through which the said Road pafles.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the Commons and Waste Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Church Staunton, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the Commons and Waste Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Church Staunton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Morland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pasture, within the Hamlet of Moor (rate, in the Parish of Clarbromh, in

u 7 o '

the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegation? of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. i. 19 s. per Annum, who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property

VOL. 54.

hfaii. 55,1

belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 29. j s. 4k d. per -mm; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Grajlhorpe, in the County of Nottingham, w'as read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 54. 1. 7. After " Manor" to insert " and fudh " chief Rents as aforesaid."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Grajlhorpe, in the County of Nottingham. *

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Lammas Meadows, and a certain Common called Cheshunt Common, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, was committed.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, Importers, and Ship Owners of Leith, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

o O '

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Iloute; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and their a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable llis Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Rochester-,

And the House being informed that the Parties who applied for the said Bill desired to withdraw the fame;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tp resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon

Grafthorpeln-closure Bill, passed.

Mr. Baker to make the Report of Chef-hunt Inclosure Bill.

Bill to amend I^ith Harbour Act, reported.

Rochester Theatre Bill, withdraw!).

Committee o Bill to amend Scotch Militia Alts,

A <51 respecting Sheriffs, &c. in Scotland, to be coniklered. '

Linen Yam Bill, present ed.

Thirlage pill, deferred.

Report on

Overseers Alii fbint again jre-committed Bill, further coniidcred.

i.

552 23° — 24 0 Ma 1799.

upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for taking away " and abolishing the Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part " of Great Britain called S; and for making ‘f Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof; and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for " making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the United " Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there;

" and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators,

" Writers, or Agents in the Law, in Scotland, to take " the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two " Kingdoms more complete," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Payment of the Salaries of the Sheriffs Depute and Substitutes in Scotland.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Raw Linen Yarn, the Produce of the Territories of the King of and

imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for encouraging the Improvement of Lands tubjeft to the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Over-seers of the Poor, was again re-committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House. *

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that the Duty of Overseers shall not be affected by the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that the Act shall not apply to Parishes where an Assistant has been appointed for Three Years part.

And the said Clause was Tvyice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Confident ion of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing,' allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Downs, Marshes, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Charlton in the County of Dorset; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sherborne, in the County of Warwick; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Lewis John Marie Hau£oullier, Esquire, and Lrijl, Spinster, an Infant, of divers Manors, Boroughs, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Conrad Korff; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole. House, upon the Bill for allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards exported, and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excile.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better recruiting the Forces <?f the East India Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Fetter is, 240 die Maii;

Anno 39° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Peard,

Esquire, with Elizabeth, his now Wife, late Elizabeth Bfigh, and to enable him to many again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Lewis John Marie Haujfoitllier, Esquire, and

Tryphena

The Lords have agreed to

Charlton Marshall Inclosuie Bill.

Sherborne Inclosure Bill, with Amend -ments.

The Lord *

have passed Hauffouliier's, &c, Partition Bill.

Korffs Nafc Bilk

Pilchard Bounty, &c. Bill, deferred.

Fad India Company's Recruiting Bill, deferred.

Peard's Divorce Bill, pa fled.

Haufloullier\ See, Partition Bill, read.

KoriTs Nat# Bill, read.

39 Geo. III. 24°

Tryphena Trifl, Spinster, an Infant, of divers Manors,

Boroughs, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Conrad was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Maii. 553

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable John Lord Rolle in Trustees, to sell or exchange the fame, and purchase, or take in Exchange, other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof to the faing Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bastard, he.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

krnytbn In- A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open committed!' Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Thorp

Willow by, Burton, and with in the

Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Wilberforce, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lawton and Henshall's

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Smith r a Crder, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Bill, present- Three Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Law-ton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Skipton, Ok- A Bill to continue-the Term and enlarge the Powers an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign committed'. of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road ' leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township or BUton with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wet her by, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

I^ughbo- Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp reported from the Corn-rough and mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and Zouch Road enlarging and altering the Powers of Two Acts, the one Bill, reported, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashbyde la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington to Remp-f.cn, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the , House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

VOL. 54.

Mr. Baker reported from the Committee, to whom chrthunt Tn-the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open clofureBi!!, and Common Fields, Common Lammas Meadows, and p -a certain Common galled Chefmnt Common, within the Parish of Cheshunt ,in the County of Hertford, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights in the Open Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Herts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to- Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committeehad heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, and also to the changing one of the Commissioners therein

OO.

named, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 314 Acres and 19 Perches of Land,' who refused to lign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of 408 Acres 3 Roods and 22 Perches, who were neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 6,930 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury presented to the House, Worlingto according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Division and Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Bill°preiint-Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, ed. Warrens, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Worlington, in the County of Suffolk:

And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.\

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the lordsAmend. Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com- ciotw^Baf, mon Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Mea- agreed to dows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Honington, in the County of Suffolk.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 35- 1- 9 After " Diocese" insert " and the " Patron of the said Rectory."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lofd-ships.

7 B

554 M

o

Taunton An ingrossed Bill for altering, enlarging, and repeal-Ro:tds Bill, ing some of the Provisions in an Act, passed in the pase Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for repairing several ltoads leading from the Town of Taunton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the County of Somerset; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to a Road from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's bin, in the Parish of Ashcclt, in the same County, and for making, and keeping in Repair the same Road, wa6 read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass 1 And that the Title be, An Act for altering, enlarging, and repealing some of the Provisions in an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of , and

other Roads adjoining thereto, in the County of Somerset; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to a Road from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's bin, in the Parish of , in the said County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Beckhamp- An ingossed Bill for more effectually 'repairing, Bili'&C-i!tdadS widening, altering, and improving the Road at or near Beckhampton, and from the North Side of Swinton to the Carpenter's Arms in , and several other

Roads therein mentioned, in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road at or near ton, and from the North Side of Swindon to the Car penter's Arms in Blunfden, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the county of.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Melkfliamand An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending, ^omte Road widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melhsham, through Goose's Lane, Corsham, destone, and West-Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at UpperCoombe, in the Parish of Castle in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening,

' and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw in the Parish of sham, through Googe's Lane, Corsham, and

West-Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper,

in the Parish of Castle Coombe, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thiringe Bill, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third uied‘ Reading of the ingossed Bill for encouraging the Improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging the Improvement of Lands subject to the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great J'ritaincalled Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas do carry the Bill

to the Lords, anu desire their Concurrence.

Committee on Ordered, That the Ol der of the Day, for the House StrjAmesMiu-- to rgf0lve iti'clf into a Committee of the whole House, nu.ty BUI.' upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Marriott, Knight, late Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his

Mail. 1799 *

diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. 1

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next. /

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Houserefolm House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. Monday W

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing sheriffs, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twen- &c. in Scot-tieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George d' the Second, intituled, "An Act for taking away and " abolishing the Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part " of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof; and for re *

" storing such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for " making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the United " Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there;

" and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators,

" Writers, or Agents in the Law, in Scotland, to take " the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two " Kingdoms more complete," as relates to the Payment of the Salaries of the Sheriffs Depute and Substitutes in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Thirtieth Report, relating to the Civil Government of Scotland, which, upon the 26th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a llesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee o» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, committMrf to consider further of the Report from the Committee Sesrecy, de-of Secrecy; _ ,crred'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take ReportonFaft into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for per- Bin, further mitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to comidered. be warehoused, ^nd for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was re-committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered,

39 Geo. III.

240 Mail.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ifctftkn of the A Petition of the most Noble Duke of

5 r Ancaster and Kefleven, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for makingTwo additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool, and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks; and Setting forth. That the Petitioner is the Owner of, or entitled to, several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground situate in Liverpool aforesaid, in, upon, or through which, or some Part whereof, it is intended that the said new Docks and Piers, or some of them, shall be made or cut, and that sufficient Provisions are not contained in the said Bill for protecting the Right and Title of the Petitioner to the said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, nor for. ascertaining and making an adequate Compensation and Satisfaction for the Damages which he may sustain, as Owner of the said Estate, by carrying the said proposed Undertakings ' into Execution; and that the said Bill contains divers

Powers and Provisions which would be highly injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now (lands, and that he may have (itch other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the . Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill ifc committed.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare appointed to an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made Kftmutr of to certa‘n Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Allowance to Peace:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secretary of War, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bolton" A Petition of Thomas Bolton, Agent for John Thoroton,

Petition re- Clerk, was presented to the House, and read;. Setting ggHgto- forth. That by an Order of the House, made on the vorcc Bill. Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dili'olve the Marriage of John Thoroton, Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, it was ordered, that it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses for the said Bill, and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses; and that the Petitioner hath caused diligent Search and Enquiry to be made after the said Elizabeth Thoroton, and the Place of her Abode, but hath not been able to discover the fame; and that the Petitioner hath received Two Letters from the said Elizabeth Thoroton, dated respectively the 20th and 23d Days of this Instant May, wherein (he declines to discover her Place of Abode and Residence, or where (he can be met with, to be served with an Office Copy of the Bill, and of the above-men-Vo L. 54.

555

tioned Order, but in One of those Letters (he informs the Petitioner, that he may lerve Mr. Fou/kes, her Attorney, therewith: And therefore praying, That Service of the said Order, and delivering a Copy of the said Bill now depending, signed by the Clerk of the House, to Mr. Fou/kes, the Solicitor of the said Elizabeth,

may be deemed as effectual Notice to the said Elizabeth Thoroton of the Order of the House, and of the Time of the Commitment of the said Bill, as if (he was personally served with the fame.

And the House being informed that the said Thomas Bolton was attending at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the House an Account of the Allegations contained in the said Petition; and produced to the House the Letters mentioned in the Petition, from which Extrads were read.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Service of the said former Orders of this House, and of this Order, upon the said Mr. Foulkes, and leaving an attested Copy of the said ingrossed Bill with him, be deemed good Service of the same upon the said Elizabeth Thoroton, unless the Petitioner Thomas Bolton has an Opportunity of personally serving the said Elizabeth Thoroton therewith, which he is to endeavour to do.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in Tokenhouse Tard, in the City of London, in the Trustees of the other settled Estates of the Marquis of Lansdown and the Right Honourable John Henry Petty, commonly called Earl of Wycombe, in Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from the Sale in the Manner therein di-reded, and for empowering the said Trustees of the said settled Estates to apply the Monies arising from the Sale of any Part thereof in the Manner therein directed, and for discharging the said settled Estates from a Rent Charge of Five Hundred Pounds given to James , Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, by the Will of Henry, formerly Earl of Shelburne, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving all the Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Teddington, otherwise Todington, otherwise Tettington, otherwise Tuddington, in the County of Middlesex; which Bill was, upon Monday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna,

Marquis of Lanldowh't Estate Bill, read.

King's Consent to Teddington Division and Allotment Bill.

Supply, deferred.

Ways and Means, de lerrtd.

Bill to amend Stratford upon Avon Canal Acts, reported.

LerdsAmend *

naents to Sherborne Inclosure Bill, greed to.

Houghton and South Stoke Inclo 4 sure Bill, committed.

Pnvne,i F.state Bril, committed.

Kir g's Bromley inclosure Bill committed.

556 270 M A. 1799.

LuficCy 2j° d Maii j

Anno 390 Georgii III. 1 Regis, 17991

Prayers.

SIR John Mur Jaunt reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon CatmJ Navigation to vary the Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a Navigable Cut, directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapwor/h, into the Warwick and Birmingham

Canal, in the Manor of King in the County of Warwick, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts, wras committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, together with a List of the Names of the Persons who have assented, difiented, or declared themselves neuter, in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie u£on the Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadow's, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sherborne, in the County of Warwick.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 29.I. 32. After " Curacy" insert " and of the "Lord Bishop of ."

Pr. 39.1.37. After "Curacy" insert "and of the " said Lord Bishop of Worcester." . The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Houghton and South Stoke, in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. Kemp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Payne,

Esquire, and Hester his Wife, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of their unlettled Estates, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the 5

1

Manor of King's Bromley, and also certain Open Meadow's or Lands within the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley aforesaid, in the County of St a ford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Wrottcfey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common, or other Rights, in certain Open Meadow's, Commons, and Waste Lands, within, or belonging to, the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley, in the County of Stafford, w'hich was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. B/ackburne, of Lancafdre, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, " and turning the Road from Green, near

" Mancliester, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge " at the Corn Mills at V/in the County of " Chef erf was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Clutterbuck, Esquire, inTrullecs, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Manner, and for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the lletidue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed' to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Long

Prejion,

Petition against D Bill, referred and Counsel ordered.

Ardwick Green and Wilmslow Roads Bill, reported.

Cl utterb tick's Estate Bill, reported, and paired.

Long Pre! otl Inclosure Draimge Bill, reported.

stopten and Clitheroe Road Bill, reported.

Ribbon Manufacturers Bill, present cd.

Cosport Bridge Bill, reported.

Campbell's Divorce Bill, committed.

39 Ge5. III. ^7° Mail557

Preston, in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and of the County of York, and for embanking and draining for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second several Parcels of Ground within the same Township, Time.

called Long Preston Irgs, was committed; That the Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, ReJ'olv That the Bill be committed to a Committee and found the same to be true; and that the Parties of the whole House.

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the ResolveThat this House will, upon Se-Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee vennight, the 3th Day of June next, resolve itfelfinto a had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill., ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and mittee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in nefies, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read. Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if

And several of the Amendments, made by the Com- the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel,

mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second or produce Witnesses.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House. An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. being within the Parishes of South Brent and lure Bill,

in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time. passed.

Mr. Henry Lafcclles reported from the Committee, to Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain enlarging, and consolidating the Powers of Two Acts, Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his within the Parishes of South Brent and Lympsham, in the late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty- County of

first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

pairing several Roads therein described, so far as the Lords, and desire their Cohcurrence. same relate to the Road from Skipton, in the County of

York, to Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster, was com- The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Bill respe&inj niitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- Monday last, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, fo°r gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Se- Treason, d -that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and venth Year of the Reign of Queen and also so ferttd'

Inade several Amendments thereunto, which they had much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the directed him to report to the House; and he read the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon At-with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where tainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then and his Sons, might be read, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- And the said Order being read accordingly;

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

House. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be upon Morning next,

ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of Bed- Mr. Wilberface Bird presented to the House, accord- for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the 'opt-

ing to Order, a Bill for regulating the Wages, and the County of Bucks, entailed by the Will of John late Duke ted.

Prices for Work, to be paid in the Ribbon Manufactory, of Bedford, in Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple,

within the City and County of the City of Coventry, and ar>d for settlingother Mates in the said County, of greater within the County of Warwick: And the same was re- Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time, ceived; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. face Bird, Mr. Osborn, &c.: And they are to meet Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's upon Friday Morning next. „ Chamber.

Sir William Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Robert , Esquire, to demand and take Toll for the Passage over a Bridge by him erected across a certain Lake, called Stoke, or Lake, between the Town of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, and the Royal Naval Hospital at Hajlar, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where Hie Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One? and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Ef-

quire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet Frafer his Vol. 54.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and other- Teddington wife improving all the Common Fields, Commons, AiIotXntQj Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,- Bill.p-itieA within the Manor and Parish of Teddington, otherwise Todington, otherwise Tettington, otherwise Tuddington, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving all the Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Teddington, otherwise Todington, otherwise Tettington, otherwise Tuddington, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. John Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Dundas, according to Order, reported fiiii to amend from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ^otch w,lUl Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year s' Wpwt' of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Two Act s made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; the Amendments

7 C which

if port on Act resprcling Sheriffs, ice. in bcochrid.

Str James Marriott's Annuity J>ill, -reported.

Committee on East India Company's Recruiting

mu.

558 27 0 Mali. 1709.

which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in'his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.,

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole Houl'c, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for taking away and abolishing the Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of " Great Britain called Scotland; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof; and for restoring rt l'uch Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making ct more effectual Provision for the Administration of " Justice throughout that Part of the United Kingdom,

" by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for a obliging all l'ersons acting as Procurators, Writers, or " Agents in the Law, in Scotland, to take the Oaths;

" and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms k more complete," as relates to the Payment of the Salaries of the Sheriffs Depute and Substitutes in Scotland, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'That the Salaries of the Sheriffs Depute and Substitutes of Scotland, shall be paid1 out of the like Duties and Revenues as the Charges for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer, in ,are di-

redted to be paid.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Brag Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. William Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to wrhom the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Marriott, Knight, late Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better recruiting the Forces of the EafiIndia Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas tbok the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported frotri the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrdiled) for permitting certain Goods imported from pie Indies to be ware-housed, and for repealing' the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House relative to Bills of Inclosure; and that they do report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Henry Paulet Saint John Mildmay, Mr. William Dundas See.: And

they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards exported, and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bil, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill for the Suppression of the Sale and Circulation of Newspapers on the Lord's Day: And that Lord Viscount Belgrave, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to repeal the Duty, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Raw Linen Yarn, the Produce of the Territories of the King of and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fhurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

" - The

East India Goods Bill) passed *

Committee appointed consider Standing Orders relative to Inclosiut Bills.

Committee oft

Eiichard Bounty, Sit % Bill.

Bill for Strp-pression of Sunday News. papers, ordered.

Linen Yarn Bill, committed.

Overseers Assistant Bill, agaiA re-committed.

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means defer- . fed.

Horifercfolves to adjourn to Thursday.

Committees to dt.

Moorgate In-

clofure3iU,

passed.

39 Geo. III.

270 — 28b Mail.

55 9

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, was again re-committed.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Refolded, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Abbot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, That they had made some further Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 28° Maii;

Anno 39# Georgii III. U Regis, 1799 *

PR

AYERS.

3D£SOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling ' ' of the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

AningrolTed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Failures, within the Hamlet of Moorgate, in the Parish of Clar-brough, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. 1. 5. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to " and, " in Line 6,'and insert " Road" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste'Grounds, and Stinted Pastures, within the Hamlet cf Moorgate, in the Parish of Ciar-t>rongh, \n the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierre pent do carry the Bill to the X.ords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 54.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lorck, intituled, An Act Marquis of for veiling certain Estates in TokenhTard, in the ^ntdown's City of London, in the Trustees of the other settled Ef- commuted, tates of the Marquis of Lanfdowh, and the Right honour-

able John Henry Petty commonly called Earl of If y com be, in Trull to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from the Sale in the Manner therein directed, and for empowering the said Trustees of the said settled Estates, to apply the Monies arising from the Sale of any Part thereof in the Manner therein directed, and for dif-eharging the said settled Estates from a Rent Charge of Five Hundred Pounds given to James Petty, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, by the Will of Henry, formerly Earl of Shelburne, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Jcky/l, Mr. Crewe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and lowers of Thre£ Lawtonntd A efts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of smUhy'KoiJs the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Bill, commit-and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present ted *

Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall'sSmithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe,

Mr Hi'Jfey, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Whole Year or Worlin^ton Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Fleaths, Warrens, Fens, Bill?conmut-Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of ted.

Worlington, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bo committed to Sir Thomas Charles Bun bury. Lord Viscount Brome, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, tin the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Henry Lafcelles reported from the Committee, to Cumberworth whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Reported? several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cumberworth with Cumberworth Half, in the Parishes of SUkflone and Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and, that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee {except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.37. per Annum, who refuled to lign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates afteHed at £.j. 1 55. o d.who were neuter; and also,

except the Proprietors of Estates aftefted at jf.28.5r. od. who were applied to, but returned no Answer; and that the whole Property belonging to Perfions interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £.426. ioj. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the

Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several *

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once road throughout; and teen a '

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Adjourned

Consideration of Kepoit on Long Preston Inclosure and Drainage Bill, returned.

schefliunt In-tlosure Bill, patted.

lords Amendments to Thornton,'&c. Inclosure Bill, agreed to, with Amendments.

560

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for rcfuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing i'everal Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Long Preston, in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for embanking and draining several Parcels of Ground within the same Township, called Long Preston was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing ,the Open and Common Fields, Common Lammas Meadows, and a certain Common called Cheshunt -moil, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Lammas Mea--dows, and a certain Common called Cheshunt Common, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made, by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Common, Waste, and Marin Grounds, called Thornton Marsh, within the several Parishes of Poidion and Bifpham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 30. 1. 39. After " Justices" insert Clauses " A. " B. and C."

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That the' " said Commissioners, or any Two " of them, shall, and they are " hereby empowered and required " to set out, allot, and award so " much of the said Common, Waste, " and Marsh Grounds, so intended " to be divided and inclosed, as " they, or any Two of them, shall " think sufficient, as and for Publie Stone, Gravel, and Sand " Pits (if any such Materials shall " be found in the said Common, " Waste, and Marsh Grounds, " within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the passing " of this Act, and the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, " shall, and they are hereby required to caul'e due and diligent " Search to be made for the same " by boring, or otherwise) with a " convenient Road or Roads to and " from the same; such Pits to be " uled in common by the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within " the said Townships, Vills, Ham-<<i lets, or Divisions of Thornton, " Little Bifpham with Norbreck, and " Great and their Tenants,

" as well for their own Uses as for " the Repairs of the Roads within ' 9

A. 1799-

" the said Townships, Vills, Hamlets, or Divisions."

" And be it further Enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever (other " than as herein after mentioned) to " search for, dig, get, and carry " away, by any Means or on any " Pretence whatsoever, any Gravel, " Sand, Clay, Marl, or any Kind of " Soil or Stones, or any other Materials, from any Part of the Sea " Beach or Sea Shore, or Strand, " extendingfromHigh Water Mark " to Low Water Mark, and lying " next to the present inclosed Lands " within the said Townships of " Thornton and Little Bifpham with " Norbreck, or either of them save " and except the Owners and Proprietors of the Banks and Lands " within the said Townships, Vills, " Hamlets, or Divisions of " and Little Bifpham with Norbreck, " adjoining to the Sea Beach, Sea " Shore, or Strand, but that only " for his, her, or their own Use, " and, not for Sale, and only from " such Parts of the Sea Beach, Sea " Shore, or Strand, as shall adjoin " his, her, or their respective Banks " or Lands."

Clause (C.) " Provided nevertheless, and be it fur " ther Enacted, That nothing herein " contained shall prejudice, lefteh,

", defeat, or in any wile make void

" or affect, any of the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities given, " made, and contained in an Act, " passed in the Thirteenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, " intituled, "An Act to explain, " amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now " in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for " other Purposes."

Pr. 62. 1. 32. After "as" insert "being, or daiming to be."

Pr. 63. 1. 39. Leave out " as" and insert " if."

The first of the said Amendments " Clause A." being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " with a convenient Road or " Roads to and from the same."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, lb amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment " Clause B." being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment " Clause C." being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Word "Authorities" the Words " respecting the getting and carrying away of any Gravel. Sand, Stone, or other Materials, for the repairing of Public Highways."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended. Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Hoyfe-

The

28° Mali,

Clause (B.)

Pilchard Bounty, See. Bill, ccponed *

Loughborough and Alhhy de la Zouch Road Bill, passed.

28° M

561

39 Geo. III.

The Residue of the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships; with Amendments to several of them; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships,

: Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, who were

appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table ! Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of certain Allowances to Subaltern Officers of the Militia.

4.

To 300 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia during the present War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of £-2$Per Annumrespectively, in Addition to the Pay usually provide'd for their Attendance at the Place of Monthly Exercises ——

To_ 300 Ensigns, who shall have so served, an Allowance of 20 per Annum respectively - -

£ d-7,500 ——

6,000 ——

13»5°° ——

Ordered, That the said Report do lie Upon the Table.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards exported, and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second- Time, One by One; and, upon the Question i'evtraiiy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bui, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers 01 Two Acts, the one passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ajlibyde laZouch, in the County of

and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Co/eorton over Colecrton Moor, and through Wcrthingtonand Bonington, to

Rempfon, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Refilled, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers of Two Acts, the one pulled in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the othe; in the Second \ ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leaning from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Louto Afiby de la

\OL. 54.

Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Co/eorton Chur fit, over Co/eorton Moor, and through Wor-thingtonand Sutton Bonington, to in the Counties

of Leicester and Nottingham.

Oraeird, That Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Conrad Korff, was read a Second Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir John William Anderfin, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, loi enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, was read the Third Time.

Refilved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith.

Ordered, That Mr. John Lloyd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refolye iticlf into a Committee of the whole lloulb, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Lkorctcn, Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Rejb/ved, That this House will, upon Lhurfday Morning next, resolve iticlf into the said Committee.

Mr. Savilereported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Failures, within the Parishes of Tarkhill, Weston Beggard, Dormwith the Chapelry

of Bartejlree, in the said Parish of Dormington and Edith, with the Chapelry of in the said

Parish of Stoke Edith, all in the County of Hereford,

was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with;

7 D and

Estimate of Allowances to Militia Officers, reported.

Korff's Nat. Bill, committed.

Bill to amend Leith Harbour Act, passed.

Thoroton's Divorce Bill, deferred.

Yarkhill, Welton Bc£-r ard, &c. Inclosure Bill, reported.

Water Eaton Inclosure recommitted Bill, reported.

The Lords have agreed to

Liverpool Water Bill.

Hrtrworth Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

K nay ton Moor Inclo-iure Bill, reported.

Bill for Suppression Suppression of Sunday Newspapers, presented.

562 28° — $o° Maiu A, 1799.

and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing. the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Water Eaton, in the County of Stafford, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thar the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

IVilmot: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Harworth, in the County of Nottingham-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, called , within the

Township of Knayton, in the Parish of Leek, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Viscount Be/grave presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Suppression of the Sale and Circulation of Newspapers on the Lord's Day: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hauflbuiiier-s for confirmJhg, and rendering effectual, a Partition be- BiC|i, P«>mim"-tween Lewis John Marie Hauffoullier, Efijuire, and Try- ted.' phena Trijl, Spinster, an Infant, of divers Manors,

Boroughs, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickinson,

Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable His Sir James Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Mar- BjI1>

riott, Knight, late Judge of the High Court of Admi- deferral, ralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Txecution of that Office, be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

jfovts, 30° die Man;

Anno 39 Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Long prefton Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Inclosureand Township of Long Preston, in the Parish of Long Preffon, p^^ge BlH' in the West Riding of the County of York, and for embanking and draining several Parcels of Ground within the same Township, called Long Preston lags, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Long Preston, in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for embanking and draining several Parcels of Ground within the same Township, called Long Preston Ings.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Douglas reported from the Committee, to Kelso Bridge whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Bl11 fePorte<i-Tweed, at or near the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Korff't Nar. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill, reported, for naturalizing William Conrad Korff, was committed; atld P" ed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered,

Water Eaton Inclosure Bill, passed.

Southampton Water Works Petition, reported.

Oosport Bridge Bill, passed.

Ir. LiUey's, Petition, Grant cfevc tier and CX> :on Intlo in i~c^ Bilk

39 Geo. III. 30 a Mail. 3

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the chester, in the County of , by virtue of Two

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed several Indentures of Lease, granted to him by the to the lame, without any Amendment. Provost and Scholars of King's , in the Univer-

lity of Cambridge, and of the other Persons, whole An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Mcl-' Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of fuages, Closes, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

Water Eaton, in the County of Stafford, was read the in Gra aforesaid, and in Coton, in the said County

Third Time. of Cambridge, was prefen ted to the House, and read;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common and Waste Lands within the Manor of Water Eaton, Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands in the County of Stafford. and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parishes of -

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the chester and Coton, in the County of Cambridge; and Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Setting forth. That, if the same should pals into a

Law, it will be very injurious to the Petitioners: And Mr. George Henry Rose reported from the Committee, therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners Agent, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the same may not pass into a Law.

Twentieth Year of the lleign of his late Majesty King Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the George the Second, for repairing, improving, and main- Table, taining the Public Conduits, and other Water Works,

belonging to the Town of Southampton, was referred; Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, to whom Sjtotf^and That the Committee had examined, and found that the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Com- fio‘n and a!- " the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lotment Bill, making aqueducts, had been complied with; and that in the Parishes of Stratford-under-the-Cafleand rcporte,i‘

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the

Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at been complied with; and that the Committee had the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the followeth; viz. same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfhftion of said Act was read: And, the Committee (except the Proprietor of 2 Acres,

Isaac Galpine, Esquire, being examined, said. That 2 Roods, and 39 Perches, who refused to sign the the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 2 Acres and said Act, but find that the Powers and Authorities 8 Perches, who could not be met with; and that the

thereby given are inadequate to enable them cffec- whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the

tually to carry into Execution the good Purposes Inclosure consists of 1,533 Acres, 1 Rood, and 36 thereby intended; that, since the passing of the said Perches; and that no Personappeared before the Com-Act, the said Town has very greatly increased, both in mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the' Committee -the Number of Houses and Inhabitants, and a very had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend considerable Part thereof is at present unfupplied with ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report Water, which is very inconvenient to the Inhabitants, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place^ and would, in case of any Accident by Fire, be at- and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-tended with the moll dangerous Consequences to the ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments whole Town. were Once read throughout; and then a Second

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally altering and enlarging the Powers of, and amending, an put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act ingrossed.

" for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Public

" Conduits, and other Water Works, belonging to the Mr. Mainivaring reported from the Committee, to " Town of Southampton And that Mr. George Henry whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners appetition,°re- Rose, Mr. Amyatt, and Mr. William Stewart Rose, do pre- pointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Eigh- ported, pare, and bring in, the fame. , teenth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for

erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exer-An ingrossed Bill for enabling Robert Forbes, Esquire, cifing the Jurisdiction, of the Dean and Chapter of the to demand and take Toll for the Passage over a Bridge Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and by him erected across a certain Lake, called Stoke, or other Purposes, was referred; That the Committed had Haflar Lake, between the Town of Gosport, in the examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-County of Southampton, and the Royal Naval Hospital rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to at Haflar, in the said County, was read the Third them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Time. Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

Resolvei, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow be. An Act for enabling Robert Forbes, Esquire, to de- eth; viz.

mand and take Toll for the Passage over a Bridge by To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the him erected across a certain Lake, called Stoke, or said Act was read: And,

Hafar Lake, between the Town of Gosport, in the Mr. Emanuel Allen, the Clerk to the said Com *

County of Southampton, and the Royal Naval Hospital missioners, being examined, said. That the Commis-at Hafar, in the said County. sioners have not been able till very lately to proceed in

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote do carry the Bill the Execution of the said Act, as they could not to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. . procure a proper and convenient Piece of Ground, on

which to erect the Building directed by the said Act:

A Petition of Edward Lilley, Gentleman, being be- That the said Commissioners have now purchased a > neficially possessed of, or entitled to, certain Messuages, Piece of Ground, in every Respect proper for the said . Closes, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Grant- Purpose; but find that the Sum authorized to be raised Vol. 54. by

Committee on Mr/Palmer's Agreement, deferred.

Ardwick Green and Wilmslow Roads BilJ> passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to continue Scotch Small Notes

Aa.

Scotch Creditors Bill.

(Expiring

Law.)

Nuffield, Wallingford, and Fai ingdon, Roads Bill.

564 30 0 MaiL1799.

by the said Act, is not sufficient effectually to carry the same into Execution, and that Other and further Powers are necessary 'for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, mdde in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign off His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction, of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the other Public Business of the said City and Liberty: And that Mr.

Mainwaring and Mr. Shazv Lefevre do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Agreement made between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and John Palmer, Esquire, relative to his Appointment to be Comptroller General of the Poll Office, and also of his Conduct in that Employment, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and " turning the Road from Ardwick Green, near " chester, in the County of to the Bridge at

" the Com Mills at Wilmslow, in the County of Chester," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, " widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road " from Ardwick Green, near in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at " Wilmslow, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr,

' Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks and certain Banking Companies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Four, so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act -for Continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the /Perm, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign Of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the North Eall Corner of Nuffield Common,. by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise z

fuffielJ, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford, to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marsh and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hirft Courtney, in the Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Mapowder, in the County of Dorset; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puriton, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Church Staunton, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Collot D'Efcury; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitfiled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Mosses, within the Town and Hamlet of in the Parish of Ulverjione, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to empower the Right honourable Henry Earl Fauconbsrg to charge his settled Estates, in the Counties of Fork and Chester, with the Sum of Fifteen Thousand Pounds, in lieu of the Right of him the said Henry Earl Fauconberg, and the other Tenants for Life of the said Estates, to cut down Timber growing thereon, and to grant Building Leal'es of such Parts of the said settled Estates as are near or adjoining to the Town of Macclesfield, in the said County of Chester. and for veiling the Manor and other Hereditaments of and in Sutton in the in the said County of York, other Part of the said settled Estates, in Trustees, in Trust to fell the lame, and, out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, to discharge the incumbrances on the said settled Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Ellate of Richard Long, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for applying the Money arising therefrom for the several Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lordsdefire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for more easily effectuating the Sale of Part of the Freehold Estates late of James Dubcrly, Esquire, deceased, and for applying the clear Monies to arise therefrom upon the Trulls of the Marriage Settlements of his Five Daughters; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Hyde Parker, Knight, with Ann Boteler his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Hyde Parker, Knight, with Ann Boteler his now Wife, -and to enable him to

marry

Hirft Courtney Indoiure Bill.

Ma powder Incloi'ure Bill.

Puri tort Inclos ure Bill *

Church Staunton Inclosure Bill.

D'Efcury' Nat. Bill.

Ulverftone Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords

have parted Earl Fauton-bere's EiUte Bill.

Mr. Long's Ellate Bin.

Duberlv's ElUte BUI.

Sir Hyde Parker's Divorce Bill.

Sir Hyde Parker's Divoroc Bill, read.

59 Geo. ML % o Malu 565

marry again, and for other iPtlrposes therein mentioned; Harbour of Ramsgate Trull, for the Year ending the was read the First Time. . 24th 1797-" .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time; And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paperwas read. touberiy; An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act That the said Paper do lie upon the Table,

Bill, for more easily effeAuating the Sale of Part of the Free- to be perused by the Members of the House.

hold Estates late of James Duberly, Esquire, deceased. The said Paper is preserved amongst the other and for applying the clear Monies to arise therefrom upon Papers of this Session.

the Trusts of the Marriage Settlements of his Five

Daughters, was read the First Time. The House being informed that Mr. Irvin? (from Account of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland) attended at the fa^officer *

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to of Excise in Long Estate An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act the House, pursuant to their Order, presented? 111

bill, read. for veiling Part of the settled Estate of Richard Long, An Account of the Total Amount of the Arrears Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant due, on the 5th January 1799, from the Officers of to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and fot ap- Excise in North Britain, for Twenty-five Years preceding plying the Money arising therefrom for the several Pur- that'Date, so far as the same can be made up; distin-poses therein mentioned, was read the First Time. guishing the Names of such Officers, and for what Col-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. lections they are or were employed, the Sums originally

due from them and when, and the Amount and Dates

fcrl fcmeon- An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intittiled. An Act Bilf read.3 emPower the Right honourable Henry Earl

berg to charge his settled Estates in the Counties of York and Chester, with the Sum of Fifteen Thousand Pounds, in lieu of tlifc Right of him the said Henry Earl Faucon-berg, and the other Tenants for Life of the said Estates, to cut down Timber glowing thereon, and to grant Building Leases of such Parts of the said settled Estates as are neat br adjoining to the Town of Macclesfield, in the said County of Chester and for veiling the Manor and other Hereditaments of and in Sutton in the Forejf, in the said County of York, other Part of the said settled Estates; in Trustees, ,.in Trull to sell the same, and, out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, to discharge the Incumbrances on the said settled Estates; Was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Myers, A Petition of John Myers, of Liverpool, in the a^'nftLiver- ^ounty Lanrafter, Merchant, and John Leigh, of the Joel Docks farrte Place, Gentleman, was presented to the House, - 1 4 ‘ and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enlarge the

Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the fort of Liverpool, and for rendering more safe and eomntodious the said Port and Docks; and Setting forth. That some of the Powers and Clauses therein contained will, if palfed into a Law, be injurious to the Interest of the Petitioners, their Lefties, and Tenahts, in and upon the Ground which by the Bill is meant to be appropriated for the Purposes therein set forth, and to the Land of the Petitioners adjoining thereto; and that there are other.Clauses in the said Bill, which, if carried into a Law, will affect the Property and Rights of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as tend to affect their Rights and Interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InstruAion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ramffeate The House being informed that Mr. Pritzler (Se-

HarbourAc- cretary to the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Dire A ions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Supplementary Account of the Vot. 54.

of the Payments which have been made in Dischargo thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Rates of Porterage ^poned! to be taken by Innkeepers and other Persons, within the re-c ianutwd Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Stage Coach Proprietors,

Innkeepers, and Warehousekeepers, residing in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of,

and Places adjacent, on Behalf of themselves and all others concerned in the Delivery of Boxes and Parcels, was refciTcd; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Heathcotepresented to the House, according to St. Ivm's In}

Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the cl^^tc^lU Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, '

in the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the A6h respea-Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due be coniidcroi, " making of Bread; and to regulate the Price and " Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall " adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better regulating the Afsize and making of Bread," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

7 E Resolved,

A. 17 99.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Copper T.x^ The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill.'dete'rred. Reading of the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Cdpper;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Monday Sevennight, the ioth Day of June next.

Bill for Sup- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second predion ot Reading; of the Bill for the Suppression of the Sale and

bumlav News^ 4 *

papers, de- Circulation of Newspapers on the Lord's Day, be now

deterred. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly y , A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Wednesday Morn-

ing next" and inserting the Words " this Day Two

Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Wedttefday Morning next " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fLord Viscount

1 eliers for the X eas,j Mf: *

Tellers for the Noes,f?Jr‘ > 22>

I Mr. Jones: \

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon TueJ'day Sevennight, the 11 th Day of June next *

BUI respecting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second H^hTrcTfonl Riding of the Bill to repeal so much of an Act; deterred. passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tipie upon this Day Sevennight.

Committee oiv Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Divorce bui. re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Clerk,

with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Perceval took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mv.Perceval reported from the Committee, That they bad heard Couniel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to> report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Committceof night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Secrecy.de- House, to consider further of the Report from the terred. Committee of Secrecy.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, 1 , e erre . ref0jve, itfblf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Raw Linen Yarn, the Produce of the Territories of the King of and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That the Bill (now ingrossed) for allowing a Pilchard further Bounty upon Pilchards exported, and for amend- b?u dderrei. ing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty sir Jame to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Knight, Marriott's late Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Annuity BilL deferred. *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V zneris,31 die Mali;

Anno 39 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

MR Bernard presented to the House, according to Wraitbury Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields and Common Meadows, and for pretne dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish and Manor of disbury, otherwise lVraiJlury, in the County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to skipton, ok-whom the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the reported. ' Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township oi Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and alter- skipton an4 ing, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of passed. his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Skipton, in the County of York, to Clitheroe, in the County of , was read

the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. Ii. 1. 32, To leave out from the First " the" to the Second " of" in 1. 33. and insert " Day of the Commencement' instead thereof.

The

Knayton Moor Inclosure Bill, pulled.

Lords Amendments to Ul-verttone Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Ctiteihead and Hexham Roads Bill, reported.

39 Geo. IIL 31° M 7

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Housei and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Skipton, in the County of York, to Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry LaJ'celles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common, called Knayton , within the Township 6f Knayton, in the Parish of Leek, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common, called Knayton Moor, and other Waste Lands, within the Township of Knayton, and Parish of Leek, in the North Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments^ made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Molles, within the Town and Hamlet of Ulverstone, in the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the said Amendments Were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 28. Leave out from " whereas" to " and" in Press 2, Line an<^ inlert " Henry Blundell Esquire, and others, " claim to be Lords of the Manor of Nevi in the said County " of Lancaster, an^i as such claim to ' " be entitled to Part of the Soil of

" the said Commons and Waste " Grounds, and to the Soil under " the said Molfes."

Pr. 2. 1. 17. Leave out " called Easter Dues." ,

Pr. 23. 1. 28. Leave out from " Molfes" to " in" in Line 37, and insert " (except such Parcel thereof, if any, as the said " Henry Blundell and others, claiming as aforesaid, shall make out a " Title to)."

Pr. 24. 1. ult. Leave out from "said" to " the" in Press 25, Line 7, and insert " Henry " Blundell and others, claiming as " aforesaid, shall make out a Title "to the Soil of any Parcel of the " said Commons, Waste Grounds, " and Moflcs."

Pr. 25. 1. 12. Leave out from "the" to "after" in " Line 13, and insert " Parcel to " which such Title shall be so made out."

Pr 27. 1. 27. Leave out "the said" and insert " a " certain."

1. 33. Leave out " the said" and insert " another."

The said Amendments being severally reid a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road from Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to the Church-Lane, near -Lane-Head, and from the Bar-Moor to the Turn-

VOL. 54.

pike Road, near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and also several other Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being severally Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the present Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the Turnpike Road between and Hexham;near Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Whick-

ham, in the County of Durham, to Burtry-Ford, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the same County, and a Branch from the said Road near Bryan's Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Cor bridge Turnpike Road near Black tiedley, in the County of Northumberland, and another Branch from the said Road at in the County of Durham, to Crofsgate, near the City of Durham, and Mortgagees on the Tolls thereby granted, and Owners of Lands and Lead Mines, and Inhabitants within the several Parishes of Whick ham, Tanfield, Lanchester, -

singham, Stanhope, Medomjley, Ebchester, Mugglefwick, and Edmo'ndbyers, in the County of Durham, and the Parish of Shotley, in the County of Northumberland, wras referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: , Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Millwright Business, and to enable the Magistrates to regulate their Wages within the Limits therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen Millwrights working within the Metropolis, and Twenty-five Miles round the lame, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition; and had allb heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upoff Thursday Morning next.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of an Estate assessed to the Land Tax at £. 15. 4J. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £.4. i6j. who were neuter; and that the whole Property of Perhaps interred

Millwrights Bill, reported#

Carlton cum Willingham Inclosure Billj reported.

Kelso Bridge Bill, passed *

Southampton "Water Works Bill, preferred.

Stratford and Milford Di-vision and Allotment Billy passed.

Axbridge Inclosure Bill, reported.

568

310 Mail.

A. 1799.

terested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Lafid Tax at 171. 10s. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppote the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill for building a Bridge over the River 7 Tweed, at or near the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, was read‘the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridge over the River at or near the Town of Ke/fo, in the County of Roxburgh.

Ordered, That Sir George Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George Henry Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and enlarging the Powers of, and amending, an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing, improving, " and maintaining the Public Conduits, and other " Water Works, belonging to the Town of " ampton:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of

and Milford, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Stratford-under-the-Cafle and Milford, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr, Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Axbridge, in the County of SomerJ'et, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property entitled to Seven Claims of Rights of Common, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Claims of Rights of Common is 129; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); ary] that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrofied.

An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and N in- Yarkhill, doling the Open Fields, Meadow's; and Patlures, within the Parishes of Yarkhill, Wefon Beggard, cloture BUl,

with the Chapelry of Bart free, in the said Parish of Dormington and Stoke Edith, with the Chapelry of West-hide, in the said Parish of Stoke Edith, all in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parishes of Yarkhill, Wefon Beggard, Dormington, with the Chapelry of Bartefree, in the said Parish of Dormington and Stoke Edith, with the Chapelry in the *

said Parish of Stoke Edith, all in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Savlle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence *

deleft Committee on ports refining London Docks to report frora^ TimetoTlrii

Ordered, That the Select Committee, who dre appointed to consider of the Reports of the Minutes of the Evidence taken by the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and also by the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, were severally committed, and who were directed to report their Observations, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, have Power to report from Time to Time.

A Bill for regulating the Wages, and the' Prices for Rit>i n Work, to be paid in the Ribbon Manufactory within the City and County of the City of Coventry, and with- ted.' in the County of Warwick, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -force Bird, Mr. Jeffery, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'^ Chamber.

14511 to aitieni Scotch Militto Acts, pulled.

The Bill (now ingossed) to ariierid an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Tw'o Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third sir James Ms< Reading of the ingossed Bill to enable His Majesty to ty°pjn‘^flv^ grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Marriott, Knight, late Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Marriott, Knight, late Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to tba«-Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That t lie Oi der of the Day, for the House to re- Committtf on, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Mr. Palmer' 4der

39 Geo. III. 31

fkler of the Agreement made between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and John Esquire, relative to his Appointment to be Comptroller General of the Poll Office, and also of his Conduct in that Employment, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refolred itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickmfon, Junior, took the Chair of the Committtee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

East Tnilia Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Recruitin'? ^e whole House, to whom the Bill for better recruit Bill, deferred, ing the Forces of the East India Company, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Overseers Af- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ferred.B ll, de" the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, was again rc-committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Supply,<1«- Resolved, T\\&t this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Resolved, That this House Will, upon Morrl-

red?nS'dd6r" n§ next>" resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee on Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom <

ing tf^Assize ng niext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Bread, de- House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-first fared. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, u Act for the due making of " Bread; and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; " and to punish Person9 who shall adulterate Meal, " Flour, or Breadand also, of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for belter regulating the Assize and " making of Bread."

Linen Yam Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn Bill, deferred. ing} ref0ive jtself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Raw Linen Yarn, the Produce of the Territories of the King of , and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof.

Pilchard Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for allowing a fur-

Bui"deferred. t^er Bounty upon Pilchards exported, and for amend ' ing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Ma nagement of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, be read the Third Time To-rtiorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To moifow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 1° Junii;

Anno 390 Georgii IU U Regis, 1799.

Praters.

Lord Roiie's f\RDERED, That Mr. Elford do make the Report ported^nd'" from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill paired.' from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable John Lord Rol/e in Trustees, to sell or exchange the fame, and purchase, or take in Exchange, other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses, was committed.

Vol. 54.

-I Junii 569

Mr, accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment;

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Elford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Mellljh reported from the Committee, to whom Griaiiby H»-the Bill for enabling the Grimjhy Haven Company to rt"

finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimjhy, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the 1 House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Cumbtrworth the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, Inclosure Bill, within the Manor of Cumberworth with CumberworthHalf, palied ‘ in the Parishes of Silkstone and Kirk in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cumberworth with Cumberworth Half, in the Parishes of Silkfone and Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Cradley cha the Bill for settling the Right of Patronage or Prefen- P11 Bill, re tation of or to the new Church or Chapel ot Cradley, porte '

In that Part of the Parish of Halesowen which lies in

the County and Diocese of Worceand for other Purposes, Was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone

through the Bill, and made several Amendments there *

unto, which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftef *

Wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingraft ed.

Mr . John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Brayton In.

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open clo("re Bill, Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, repgrteJ within the several Manors or Townships of Brayton,

Thorp Willowby, Burton, and Gateforth with Lund, in the

Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, /and found the same to be true;

7 F „ and

57° l° Ju

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, rated to the Poors Rate at io s.d. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed is rated to the Poors Rate at jf. 109. 9 s.2 f d.-, and that no Person appeared before

the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Hawkejbilry reported from the Select Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Reports of the Minutes of the Evidence taken by the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London; and also by the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, were severally committed, and who were directed to report their Observations, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Wholesale Dealers of the City of London and Borough of Southwark, and others interested in the Trade and Commerce of the River 'Thames, and the Improvement of the Port of London; and also, the Reports which were made from the Committees, to whom the said Bills were severally committed; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Whole of the Sugar Refiners within or near the City of London; and also, the Report which, upon the 13th Day of May 1796, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the bell Mode of providing sufficient Accommodation for the increased Trade and Shipping of the Port of London; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Wholesale Grocers within the City of London, and the Parts adjacent, were severally referred; and who are empowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report; thereof, together with a Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth;

Your Committee have proceeded, in pursuance of the Order of the House, to consider the several Matters referred to them, and are desirous of Hating, in the First Place, their unanimous Opinion, that it is indif-penfably necessary, for the Accommodation of the Trade of the Port of London, that some Plan should be , forthwith adopted for the Improvement of the Port. — ' The great Increase of the Trade for some Years; the Prdspect of a Hill further Increase; the Inconvenience, and even Danger, to which Ships are exposed in navigating the River, and the Delay in loading and unloading their Cargoes from the crowded State of the Shipping $ the Advantages which several of the Out Port! have obtained from the Establishment of Docks, cannot' fail to impress on the House the Truth of this Opinion,- Your Committee regret, that though this Subjtft has been now under Consideration for several

nil. A 1799.

Years, no Measure should yet have been taken for remedying Evils so universally felt and acknowledged by the commercial Part of the Metropolis; and they trust that a Decision wiil take place, without further Delay, in favour of some one of the Plans that have been proposed.

Influenced by these Considerations, Your Committee have proceeded to examine the Three Plans submitted to them; the Plan of the Merchants for Docks at Wapping; the Plan which is called the City Plan, fot Docks in the Isle of Dogs; and the Plan recommended by the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Wholesale Dealers of the City of London and Borough of Southwark, and others interested in the Trade and Commerce of the River Thames, and the Improvement of the Port of London, for newly construCling London Bridge, and for enabling Ships of Five Hundred Tons to lie between that and Blackfriars Bridge. Your Committee first examined the Plan recommended by the said Petition. — The Establishment of Docks appears to have so many Advantages, which a Tide River cannot, under any Circumstances, afford, independent of them, from the Security they give to Shipping at ever}' Season of the Year, and from the Convenience of lo'acting and unloading Cargoes in them, that Your Committee would consider any Plan for the Improvement of the Port imperfect, of which Wet Docks did not make a Part; but even independent of this Consideration, it appears to Your Committee, that the Part of the River above London Bridge could never be a convenient Station for large Ships; the re-building London Bridge upon a new Construction, might become a valuable Addition to any Plan that may be adopted, and afford great Con venience to that Part of the Commerce of the River which is carried on in Ships of inferior Tonnage; but Your Committee are of Opinion, that it could not answerthe Purpose of a Substitute to the Plan of Wet Docks.

Your Committee next proceeded to examine the Two Plans proposed for establishing Wet Docks at Wapping, and in the Isle of Dogs. Each of these Plans appear to Your Committee to have peculiar Advantages attending it, and the speedy Adoption of either would be a great Relief and Advantage to the whole Trade of the Port. The Contiguity of the proposed Wet Docks at flapping to the Centre of Trade, where the Merchants transact their Business; their Vicinity to the Custom House, and to the Warehouses already existing, where the Cargoes might be deposited without Delay; and, the Saving of Lighterage attendant on this Plan, are all Advantages with which Your Committee are strongly impressed, and which have recommended this Plan most ieriously to their Attention.

On the other Hand, the Situation of the Isle of Dogs is peculiarly adapted for large Ships, from being lower down the River, and in the Event of Docks being established there. Ships would enter more immediately from Sea, and would avoid the circuitous Passage of the Isle of Dogs, which is a Navigation attended both with Danger and Delay, particularly to Ships of that Description. The Rei'ult fieems to be, that the Wapping Plan would.afford the greatest Convenience to small Ships, which -comprize the far largest Proportion of Shipping and Trade. The Establishment of Docks at the Isle of Dogs would answer bell for large Ships, and particularly for those employed in th India and

East India Trades.

Your Committee have no Hesitation in delivering it as their Opinion, that it is desirable that Docks should be established in both of these Situations, and that they would be in no Respect incompatible with each other: But, considering how important it is that something should be done without further Delay, Your Committee have unanimously resolved most earnestly and decidedly to recommend the immediate Adoption of the Plan of the Isle of Dogs. They are induced to

39 Geo. III. i° Junii.

571

give the Preference to this Plan, from the very great Advantage of providing for large Ships in a Manner which would enable them to avoid the Danger and Delay of the circuitous Passage, from the conl'equent Relief it would immediately give to the Shipping in the higher Parts of the River, and from the Consideration of the comparatively small Expence at which it could be executed, and the comparatively small Space of Time in which it could be begun and completed.

Your Committee are sensible, that in the Adoption of this Plan it will be necessary, at lead in the First Instance, to require all West India Ships to make Use of the Wet Docks in the Isle of Dogs j but they are dif-inclined to the Imposition of any general and permanent Burthen on the Trade of the Port, especially as it might interfere with the Execution of other Plans for its further Improvement; they, therefore, recommend such an Alteration of the Provisions for defraying the Expence of the Canal and other Improvements proposed to be made by the City of London, as shall admit of the speediest Reduction or ExtinAion of the general Rates.

Your Committee have already dated, that this Plan for Wet Docks in the Isle of will not afford all the Accommodation to the increasing Trade of the Port of London that could be desired: They confident as a Part of a System which may afterwards be extended; but they think its Adoption in the Course of the present Setfion of l'o much Importance, that they would not delay submitting their Opinion, in this RespeA, to the House, reserving for a subsequent Report such other Matter as they may feel it their Duty to bring under the Consideration of the House.

Your Committee have subjoined to their Report, by way of Appendix, the Reports of the Elder Brethren of the Trinity House, and the Report of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Cudoms, upon the several Plans referred to their Consideration by the Committee.

In conformity to what has been dated in this Report, Your Committee have come to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of should be pro-

ceeded on without further Delay.

APPENDIX.

CONTENTS of the APPENDIX.

Appendix

(A) Report of the Elder Brethren of the Corporation of

Trinity House of Deptford - - 57 *

(B) Further Report of Ditto - - - - ibid.

(C) Report of the Commissioner of Customs - - - ibid.

including

N° 1. Report of D® - 16th 1796 - - S73

D® of - 21st April- - - 579 D® - 24th March 1798 ... 581

N®

N®

N®

Report of CoJleftors and Comptroller!, Inwards

and Outwards, in the Port of London - - 583

N° 5. D® - of the Landing Surveyors ... ibid. N° 6. D® - of the Landing Waiters - - - 584

N° 7. D® - of the Wood farm Officers - ibid.

N 8. D® - of the Surveyor for Sloops and Boats - 585

N 9. D® - of the Inspectors of the River - - 586

N° 10. Reference of the Board of Customs to the Landing Surveyors, dated 28th May 1799; and their Return of the same Date - - - ibid.

Appendix (A.) London.

Docks Report

A Report of the Elder Brethren of the Corpo- <mu utd'm ration of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, re- Appendix fpcAing the Plans laid before them, by Order (A.) of the SeleA Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, appointed to consider the Evidence on the Two Bills, now in Parliament, for the Improvement of the Trade of the Port of London.

The Elder Brethren are of Opinion, That the Docks in the Isle of Dogs, as well as the Docks, pro-

posed by the said Plans, are absolutely necessary for the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London; and that no other Plans, submitted to their Consideration, appear to have the same Advantages.

By Command of the Corporation,

James , Secretary.

Trinity House,

23d May 1799.

Appendix (B.)

A further Report of the Elder Brethren of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford respecting the Plans laid before them, by Order of the SeleA Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, appointed to consider the Evidence on the Two Bills, now in Parliament, for the Improvement of the Trade of the Port of London.

At a General Court of the Corporation of Trinity House, held on Monday the 27th of May 1799 i

The amended Plans of the City of London, and of the Merchants, which were under the Consideration of the Court on Thursday last, upon the Reference of the Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, being taken into further Consideration this Day, as te which is moil preferable for the immediate Accommodation of the Port of London j

It was Resolved,

That although this Court are fully persuaded it will be indispensably necessary for the Port of London, that both the Plans for Docks should be carried into Execution, yet, as it is stated that the Expence of the Docks at the Isle of Dogs will be considerably less, and that they will be completed in less Time; and it appearing that the circuitous Passage through the Green-

wich, and Limehouse Reaches, would thereby be rendered unnecessary to the largest Ships, and the Navigation be more immediately relieved, this Court are of Opinion, to recommend that the Docks at the Ife of Dogs be-the First to be carried into Effect.

By Command of the Corporation,

James Court, Secretary.

Appendix (C.)

Report of the Commissioners of the Customs.

To the Honourable the SeleA Committee of thff House of Commons, appointed to consider the Evidence upon the Two Bills for the Improvement of the Port of London.

In Obedience to the Order of the Honourable the SeleA Committee, appointed to consider the Evidence taken by the Committee on the Two Bills, now in Parliament, for the Improvement of the Port of London, re-Vol. 54. ferring

57$ i JuniLA. 1799.

London ferring to us the improved Plans of the City of London D0^50rt an<^ ^ie Merchants, and requesting that we would . c0‘l imu deliver " our Opinion upon them as compared with A endi " cac^ other, and with any other Plan that may have P(c!) been submitted to us, and that we would, if possible,

make our Report to the Committee in the Course of the next Week," as signified by Letter from the Clerk of the Committee, dated the i 5th of May 1799;

We Report,

That the Order appears to us to direct our Attention to Two specific Objects, a Comparison of the Plan of the proposed London Docks with a Plan of the proposed Canal and Wet Docks for the West India Trade in the Isle of Dogs; and a Comparison of both Plans with any other Plans for the Improvement of the Port of , which have been antecedently referred to us.

Having with due Attention considered the Order and the Subject to which it relates, and in what Mode we might belt yield Obedience thereto, and fulfil the Purport thereof, we beg Leave to state, that various Plans for the Improvement of the Port of London have at different Periods been referred for our Opinion; that we have repeatedly, with all becoming Care upon so important a Subject, exerted our bell Diligence and Judgment in the Attainment of Information, and in examining and considering the several Plans proposed, according to the Principles Which it behoved us to have stedfastly in View, the Safety of Revenue, and the Welfare and Accommodation of Trade; and after very mature Deliberation have suggested in several Reports to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, what we thought most confident with, and conducive to, those great Objects. That if from any Light afforded, or Information obtained, since we had the Honour of fub-mitting the Reports alluded to, we were enabled to offer additional Observation or Suggestion, material to the more speedy or effectual Accomplishment of the Object in View or if we had found Realoh to deviate from or modify the leading Opinions therein given, it would be highly satisfkdtory to us to have the present Occasion of tendering such supplethental or corredVive Matter; but having taken into Cortsideration the Order of the Select Committee, and having carefully revised and rt-considered our Reports on the Subject, fthd the Materials whereon they were founded, we think, however strongly impressed we are with Zeal and Desire to contribute what Aid might lie in our Power in furtherance of a National Concern of such Moment as the carrying the Port of London to the highcfl practicable State of Improvement, We can in no Way more expeditiously or efficaciously gratify such our Desire, and obey the Order ehjoindd, than by transmitting to the Select Committee N" 1,2, 3. Copies of the Reports to which We allude, and which we accordingly anhex, thereby bringing into one col-lective and methodised View, the general Refill t of the extensive Investigation, at fiiccessive Periods, directed to this Subject, after every Exertion of Diligence and Consideration on our Part. Taking Leave thus to fub-mit these Reports, and particularly that of the 16th May 1796, as containing the most useful and comprchen-five Matter that occurs to us applicable to the Subject at large, we trust we shall have furnished the belt Criterion and Ground within our Province and Capacity for instituting the relative or general Comparison pointed out by the Committee, and for judging how far either of the Plans proposed accord with, or tend to the System, jn our Opinion, belt adapted to the most perfect State of Improvement of which the Port is fcapable, in the conjoined View of Commerce and Revenue *

Apprehending, however, from the Order, that the Comparison of the Merits of the Two Plans transmitted might be more especially within the Contemplation of the Committee; and that it was their Pleasure that such Information as we could procure ihovlld be had with a

?eculiar Dispatch, we immediately, upon receiving the )rder, deferred the same to the several practical Branches of the Department, which, according to the regular official Course of Proceeding, it was riccessary toconiult, and urged Returns to the References with all Expedition, and if possible within a Time limited. The consequent Returns obtained from these Departments, contain elsential Diversity Of Opinion touching the relative Merits and Expediency of the Two Plans; and we have therefore judged it most fit and proper on our Part in a Matter of fufch high and general Concern, not to fub-ttiit Extfadts therefrom, or the general Substance thereof, 4,5,6, but to transtnit Copies of all the Returns for the Inspec- yt 3, <y. tlon of the Committee.

Recutring to certain of the leading Principles which governed us, ih framing Opinions oh the Plans for the Improvement of the Port of London, heretofore submitted, we think it right to observe, that should the Syftfcm of Docks be adopted not limply as Receptacles of Ships, in Eafeliient of the crowded State of the River, or for the Purpose of unloading the Cargoes of Vessels into Lighters, to be afterwards discharged at the Legal Quays, but for ultimate Examination, Ascertainment of the Duties due to the Crown, and Delivery, the Plan of the London Docks, in the elsential Circumstance of Contiguity to the Centre and Seat of Business; has obvious Claim to Preference; and that on the other Hand the Plan of the PVeJl India Trade, though less eligible in regard of Locality, being designed for the Reception of one valuable and extensive Branch of Commerce, is more consonant with that Appropriation and Distinction which we recommended wherever It could with Propriety be introduced, as highly conducive to the mutual Accommodation iud Benefit of Trade and Revenue.

It mdy riot be immaterial to remark, that both of the Plans, as we Understand them, are confined to Imports, and tonfequentiy it does hot appear how far a Separation or Ihtermixtafe Of the Import and Export Trade maybe intended.

Regarding the Canal, coririedted with the Plan for the Docks in the Isle of Dogs, in a View to the Security of Revenue, to which our Attention is peculiarly demanded, we tlilhk this Part of the Proposition liable to Weighty Obiedtion.

Having thus submitted our former Reports, for the general Improvement of the Port, to the Attention of the Committee, we trust it will be needless to observe, that neither of the Plans how in Discussion comprize various general Objects, as well respecting the hiver as the Conduct of the Business upon Land, w'hich, clatfed and ranged under principal and leading Heads, we represented, and Hill deem to be elsential to that enlarged and comprehensive Scale of Improvement luited to the Port of London.

The Reduction of Public Expence, in railing the Revenue entrusted to our Management, is stated to be one of the beneficial Effects connected with the Dock Plan.

Upon this Aloft important Object it is impracticable for us to form at prelertt any Warranted Opinion. The Diminution of Expence, incurred for the Services of inferior Officers of Two Descriptions, denominated Tidewaiters and Cartfollowers, Would undoubtedly be occasioned by Curtailment of the Time the former Clals of Officers remain Rationed on board Ships, and by a Discontinuance of the Necdfity of employing the latter in the Custody and Conveyance of the Articles, by this Plan immediately to be lodged in WarehoUfts; but how far ah Augmentation of the Number of another Description of Officers, for the fecUre unlading and Delivery of Merchandize Under this new System, upon a Quay of large Extent and remote from the Custom House, might be requisite, and how the general Result of Saving and ofincreased Expenditure in these Respects might ultimately stand, we have no Data whereon to

§9 Geo. til. i° yuni573

toft any Calculation of sufficient Weight to be laid before the Committee.

We doubt not should the Dock Sydem take Effect, that every possible Measure of Precaution and Care to ward off the Calamity of Fire will be devised, and enforced with the most rigid Punctuality and circumspection. Whild, however, a Misfortune of so dreadful a Nature, and of such extensive Injury, in a Place where Masses of Property to very large Amount must be deposited, is in Possibility, we thought it a Duty incumbent upon us to ascertain, by the Authority of the Law Officers of our Department, how far the proposed Principle of placing Ships and their Cargoes under joint Custody of the Crown and Merchant, might expose the Crown to Loss and Responsibility in the unhappy Event of such an Evil, or in the same of Plunderage or Robbery; they have given it as their Opinion, that the Crown will not in either Instance be responsible.

The Committee will be pleased to notice, that we have avoided going into Diicuffion or Detail upon any of the Regulations annexed to or requisite for the carrying into Completion either of the Plans, and this we have designedly and out of Caution done, being of Opinion that it would be premature and unsafe to pledge ourselves in so early a Stage to their Aptitude and Propriety; and that at all Events, whatever Plan may be finally feleCled for the Improvement of the Port of London, the subordinate System of Provision and

Regulation for the Execution thereof, would, with more Safety and Fitness; be Matter of future Consideratioil.

27/o' J

IV. C, Agar, I y. Buller.

Custom House;

30th May 17^9.

N# x;

Report of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Lords of the Treasury, on the Improvement of the Port of London. — 16th , 1796.

May it please your Lord ships: x> Mr. Long having, by his Letter of the 8th of March in Appendirt last, signified, that having laid before your Lord ships a (C.) Memorial of the Ibid.Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, representing, that the Execution of the Plan proposed in a Bill now depending in Parliament, for making Wet Docks and Wharfs in Wopping, will be an Infringement upon their Charters, and upon the Rights and Privileges of various other incorporated Societies, as well as Individuals; and submitting Plans and Surveys for the making Wet Docks, and providing such other Accommodations as the increased Trade of the Port of London may require, within the Limits of the present Legal Quays; he (Mr. Long) is commanded by your Lordships to refer the said Memorial, with the accompanying Plans and Surveys, to us, and to desire that we will report our Opinion upon the comparative Advantage of this Plan, and that which was before referred to us, in general, and particularly as far as relates to the Security of the Revenue under our Management; and further signifying your Lordships Desire, that we will enquire into the Practicability of Ships of a large . Burthen coming up to the Wharfs, proposed by this Plan to be made; and report our Opinion. —

And Mr. Long having, by his Letter of the 14th of the same Month, also signified, that Mr. Wyatt will wait upon us, with the Members of the City of London, with another Proposal for the general Accommodation of the Trade of the City; and that he (Mr. Long) is commanded to desire, that ve will take that Plan into Consideration, with another already submitted to us; and that it is requested that we will communicate our Opinion to your Lord ships upon the Advantages of both Yoi. 54.

those Plans, compared with that upon which this Board-have already reported. —

And Mr. Long having, by his Letter of the 24th March, signified, that "he is commanded to direct us to take into our Consideration the Plan for Wet " Docks, submitted to us by Mr. Wyatt, and to report " our Opinion thereon." —

And Mr. Long having, by his Letter of the 5th Ultimo, signified, that " he is commanded to desire " that we will examine the different Plans offered to us " by the Corporation of the City of London, respecting " the Formation of Wet Docks, or bxtension of Quays, and that we will report our Opinion thereupon to your " Lordships, and at the same Time communicate any Suggedion wemay wish to make, with a View of rendering any of the Plans submitted to us more adequate " to the different Objects to be attended to." — -

And Mr. Long having also, by his Letter of the 19th Ultimo, signified, that " he is commanded to transmit " a Plan, prepared by Direction of Mr. Edward , " of the River Thames, from London Bridge to the King'9 " Mooring Chains at Deptford, with proposed Improvements as to the Legal Quays, and the Mooring of " Vessels, and to desire that we will take the same into " Consideration, together with the others of the liko Nature already laid before us, and communicate with " the Parties on the Improvements proposed by them; " and that we will report to your Lordships our Opinion " upon the Advantages which are likely to rel'ult from aft these different Plans."- —

In obedience to your Lordships several Commands, thus communicated to us.

We Report,

That we are well aware of the Importance of the Subject Matter referred for our Consideration, namely, the Improvement of the Port of London. Under this Impression we have exerted our utmost Diligence and Attention to obtain such Information, and collect such Documents, as might bed enable us to form a Judgment thereon; and have, with Cate, Caution, and Deliberation, weighed the Information and Materials procured for that End.

Having Regard to the Magnitude of the Object in Contemplation, the Variety of Plans and Suggestions offered for the Attainment thereof, and the many ancj extensive Confederations, principal or subordinate, connected therewith, we have thought it most conducive to Order and Perspicuity, and indeed essentially requisite for our clear and methodical Guidance in this compre-hensive Enquiry, to select those Points and Branches of the Subject, which more direCUy appertain to our Province, and to disguised the Matter so selected under didinct and leading Heads.

Before we proceed to this Arrangement, the following preliminary Remarks may not improperly be introduced — The Necessity of this Inveitigation, and the- Utility of the Measure to which the several Proposals relate, red on the Ground that the Accommodation at present legally afforded to the Merchant in the Port of London, for the Dispatch of his Business, and the Security of his Property, is inadequate.

The Truth of this Postion is so obvious and acknowledged, that it mud be unnecessary, and it might be deemed a Wade of your Lordships Time, to enter into any Reasoning thereon.

A Companion of the Trade and Shipping of the Port of London, about the Period when the Legal Quays or Wharfs now in Exidence were set out and appointed, with the actual State thereof at this Day, presents ample Proof, not merely of the Fact in this relative View, but also incontedable Demondration of the vad Extent to which the Commerce of this Kingdom has happily attained.

The progressive Increase of that Commerce, especially within these late Vears; the Credit and mercantile Spi-

7 G rit

London Docks Report continued.

ii -

N° 1.

In Appendix (C.)

574 i Junii. . A. 1799;

N 1.

In Appendix (C.)

Docks Ron Tlt the Country; the Meafuics adopted by the Legis-°centmued! latur;e for the Protection and Encouragement of Trade;

and the Situation, at this Juncture, of Countries in Europe, heretofore out Rivals, appear to justify a Con-elusion, that the Trade of Great Britain is capable of, and to warrant a rational Expectation that it will be carried to, far greater Extent. To afford the Trade of the Port of London, which constitutes a material Portion of that of the Kingdom at large, every fair and expedient Accommodation, and to provide such Convenience for the Merchant as may invite and facilitate his Plans for the Enlargement of Commerce, must, we think, be deemed an Object of high national Concern. — The public Trust committed to our Management demands it of us, as a peculiar and primary Duty, to have special Regard to, and keep a vigilant Watch over, the Collection of the Revenue derived from the Commerce of this Kingdom, and the faithful Execution of Laws framed for the Guard of that Revenue, the Prevention of illicit, and the Support and Advancement of honest Trade. — This Object must, with us, be anterior to all other Considerations; and no Plan or Proposition inconsistent therewith, or in any Way repugnant thereto, can have our Sanction or Approbation. — But whilst we lay down this as a fundamental Principle for our Government, we ate ready at the same Time to admit, that we do not apprehend a strict Adherence to this Duty on our Part will be ad-' verse. to the general Measure had in View by the Merchants and Traders of the Port of London.

The Plans offered for the Improvement of the Port are Five in Number: One by the Merchants — Two by the City of London — One by Mr. Samuel Wyatt — and One by Mr. Edward Ogle. These Plans, taken in the Aggregate, import to connect the greater Security of the Revenue, and a more effectual Safeguard against illegal and iniquitous Practices, with the better Accommodation of Trade. As far as these Two Objects are in strict Union, it behoves us to regard the Measure as beneficial and ialutary. Indeed it is a plain and self-evident Truth, that the Augmentation of the Trade of this Realm must increase the Public Revenue, and contribute to National Prosperity.

Having assumed that the Port of London labours under certain Inconveniencies, Difficulties, and Embarrassments, in the conducting its Trade, from which it ought to be and may be relieved, the natural Order of Proceeding seems to be, to ascertain the Causes of those Evils, and to apply the belt and most effectual Means for their Removal.

The Evils complained of may be referred to Four great Sources:

1 ft. The Inadequacy in Point of Extent of the Legal Quays.

2d. The crowded and obstructed State of the River.

3d. The Want of a proper Arrangement and Distribu-tion of the Business on the Quays.

4th. The Want of a well-ordered System in the Dif-position of Vessels in the River, and in the Management of Lighters and Craft.

There are other secondary and subordinate Causes, which contribute to the Grievance in question, and which will be adverted to in their proper Places.

Having stated the leading and principal Causes of the Inconvenience and Obstruction experienced by the Merchants, we shall now investigate and difeufs the several Proposals offered for their Easement and Relief, in the Order above stated.

Q_U AYS.

For the first and principal Evil, the Inadequacy of the present Legal Quays, the plain and foie Remedy is their Extension. The Quantum of that Enlargement, and the most fit and commodious Places for such Addition, are the Points in Research. A Sufficiency of Space, and Capacity within reasonable and expedient

KA

Limitations, yielding rather Amplitude for; than tend- ing to Confinement in the Transaction of Business on the Quays, ought , we think; to be provided for the Merchant. The Concerns of Revenue, we are of Opinion, would profit by such a System. The Officers, whole Duty it is to att upon the Quays, would be enabled to discharge every Branch of the Employment in a more orderly; accurate, and perfect Manner; Dispatch, alike advantageous to the Crown and the Merchant, would be promoted; dtie Examination; In-spedtion, Superiritendance, and Controul, would be facilitated thereby; Irregularity, Error, Delay, Fraud, and Plunderage, occasioned or covered by Crowd, Confofion, and Intermixture of the different Species of Goods, must necessarily be less frequent, and qbviously be more open to Detection.

The Modes proposed for the Attainment of an Extension of Quays by the Merchants we only learn by a Bill now pending in Parliament, and an engraved Plan transmitted to us. By the 41st Section of the said Bill, we observe it is provided,

" And for the more general Benefit of Shipping, and " of the Trade and Commerce of the said Port, the " said Company shall and may also build, or cause to " be bvlilt, from Time to Time, Quays and Wharfs " adjoining to the said Docks and Batons, convenient " and sufficient for the Trade and Business of the Dock; " for the landing and discharging, lading and shipping " of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize that may or " shall at any Time or Times be legally landed or shipped at the said Quays or Wharfs; and for the greater " Accommodation of the Trade of the Port of " the said Quays and Wharfs shall be deemed and taken, " and are hereby declared to be deemed and taken,.to " all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. Legal Quays and " Wharfs for the landing, re-landing, and discharging " lading and shipping of any Goods, Wares,- and Merchandizes whatsoever, within the Port of ."

A general Power is here given to the intended London Dock C.ompany for building, from Time to Time, Quays, or Wharfs, adjoining to Docks or Basons proposed to be formed, within certain Limits prescribed in the Bill; the only Conditions annexed to the Construction of such Quays arid Wharfs are, that they shall be adjoining to the said Docks and Basons, and be convenient and sufficient to the Trade and Business of the landing and discharging, lading and shipping, of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize that may and shall at any Time or Times be legally landed or shipped at the said Quays and Wharfs.

Of the Fitness and Propriety of the Quays themselves, thus proposed to be made, we have no Materials for judging. Their Capacity, Extent, Breadth, and Openness, with other Circumstances forming essential Requisites for the right Constitution of a Legal Quay, are no ways explained or provided for. As we understand the Bill, the mere Act of constructing Wharfs and Quays, according to the Mode therein prescribed, immediately imparts to them the full Properties and Rights of Legal Quays, to all Intents and Purposes.

The Extent of Quay thus legalized, where, of consequence, the Merchant has a Right to claim the Attendance of the discharging Officer, might be carried under the Sanction of such a Law to a very great and excessive Degree, and the Number of Officers necessary for the Port be extremely and unnecessarily multiplied.

Under the Force of these Observations, if just, it is not in our Power to report with becoming Accuracy, or indeed to form any founded Opinion on the Aptitude of the Quays thus to be conftnnfted, though we have no Reason to doubt the Discretion of the Company, and proper Application of the Powers so vested in them.

But in this Place we take Occasion to introduce a Remark, applicable to the Subject in general. It is

this:

39 Geo. III; i° Junti.

575

this: That Proximity to the Office where the Business of the Department centers, where the Duties are paid, where the Seat of Management, Government, and Control is fixed, and where the Officers in the several Branches are of Necessity assembled, is a tnoft material Circumstance in the Selection and Designation of a Legal Quay, and not to be abandoned but upon the Ground of urgent and indispensable Necessity: And this Opinion we give with greater Confidence, as being consonant with the Judgment of our Predecef-iprs in Office, When ah Extension of Quays was many Years ago in Agitation.

Forbearing the refore, for the Reaforis assigned, to offer an Opinion relative to the Quays and Wharfs themselves, thus imperfectly before us, wc think we are warranted to say, that if sufficient and appolite Quay Room Can be obtained more near to the present Legal Quays and Custom House, such Site deserves the Preference.

FIRST CITY PLAR.

I '

By this Plan it is proposed to extend the Lawful Quays farther into the Thames, by Means of an Embankment to the Distance of Thirty Feet: This Proposition is not a new one, but was suggested by the Board of Customs to the Lords of the Treasury. in the Year 1763! The Enlargement of Quay gained by this Proposition would be in Breadth, without affording any Addition to the lineal Extent of Quay.

Second city plan. '

It is in this Second Plan prOposed to embank the front of the present Legal Quays.

Those Quays arc, in the Explanation of this Plan, represented to be 1,550 Feet in Length; and the improved Quays to contain a Length of 4,150 Feet.

Connected with this Plan is a Proposition to remove the Custom House, and build one in another Spot; to crect Warehouses over the whole Scite of the Legal Quays, the Ground Story whereof is to form a covered Quay, with Arches in Front Fifteen Feet high.

,. The Proposition of a Quay, thus covered, is, in our Opinion, altogether objectionable, as excluding Light and Operiness, as incommodious to the Officer in the Execution of his Duty; not favourable to the free Dispatch of Business; and pregnant with Danger, by affording Opportunities for Concealment, Pillage, Depredation, and Fraud, both by Night and by Day, to the Injury of the Crown and the Merchant.

The Quays, altered according to this Proposition, are Rated to acquire an Extension from 1,550 in Length to 4,150 Feet. The Way in which this lineal Augmentation is to be obtained is, by forming Five Indents or Docks, according to the Plan, within the Space now making the Line of the present Legal Quays; and such Docks are Rated to be for the Admission of Lighters, and to be capable of receiving One Hundred and Eighty-nine at One Time.

But this leeming Accommodation to the Merchant in the Discharge of his Goods would, according to the best Information we have been able to obtain, and the Result of our own Consideration, be counteracted and rendered of little Avail from the Insufficiency of clear Quay Room, in order to the due Examination, Delivery, and the Conveyance away of the Goods so brought up.

To both these Plans, as also to a subsequent oiie of Mr. Edward Ogle, the Embankment of the ‘Thames for the Extension of Quay Room is common.

The Propriety of this Embankment, as far as regards the Navigation of the River, is not within the Scope of our Department, and therefore we cannot pretume to hazard an Opinion thereupon; the ultimate EfTcCt of that Measure upon the Bed, Tides, and

Vol. 54L

Navigation of the Thamct, appears to be Matter for the Consideration of professional Mem competent, from Science and Experience, to give a well-founded Opinion upon a Point of such Importance. ' -: - .

Provided that such Embankment can be made without Injury-to the River, this Board think it right to recommend the fame' as adviseable, and fit to be carried into Execution.

It is proper here not to omit remarking, that although a certain Spot of Ground, denominated The Bridge Tardy lying on the South Side of the River, nearly of-

fofite to the Custom House, -is included in the' City 'lan, as being a Spot Seven hundred Feet in Front, fit for the Erection of Warehouses, particularly for Goods to be exported, and for the Coasting Trade, yet, at an Interview had with the Board by the City Members, and other Gentlemen of the -Committee, for taking into Consideration the -Improvement of the Port of London, it was stated, that there would also be Space on that Part of the City Estate for additional Legal Quay Room, and that it might be so applied, if found necessary.

Londorv Docks Report continued,

"N"

In Appendix (C.)

kr. WYATT'S PLAN.

The great Object of this Plan does not appear to be the Extension or Enlargement of, or Addition to the Legal Quays, for the Purpose of carrying on the Merchants Business, as subject to the Interference of the Custom Department. . -

A covered Wharf within one of the intended Docks is proposed for the gauging-correctly, and ascertaining the Quality of Wine, and Spirits, and this is the only Quay or Wharf included in his-Plan. . t

The Mode of Delivery suggested by Mr. Wyatt, is by-an Application of the King's Scale immediately to the Ship's Side, by means of a floating Platform or Wharf. This Method of Delivery being in fact a Substitute for a Quay, may properly be considered under this Head. .

This System is to be confihed to Ships within , constructed and guarded according to his. Plan, whereby, in his Opinion, the real Cargoes and Duties will be much more accurately ascertained than can possibly be done on any Quays whatever. - -

It is not for us to investigate the mechanical Merits of this Invention, or the Fitness thereof for the Ule proposed, unless such System of Delivery appears to be admissible with improved Safety and Advantage to the Crown, compared with that now existing.

Without questioning either its Merit or Practicabi-lity, we think ourselves bound in Duty to observe, that such a complete and wide Departure from the ancient and approved Mode of raising the Revenue of Customs, is in our Opinion inconsistent with, and, as far as it extends, at once overturns the whole System of Examination and Controul, tried, established, and fane-tioned in this Department.

The Essence of the Check instituted for the Guard of the Revenue on the Article liable to Duty, or to the Laws-of Revenue, is, that whilst the delivering Officer, who ascertains the Duty according to the Criterion fixed, or watches the due Execution of those Laws, is discharging his Trust, controlling Officers, Rationed on the Quays for that Purpose; shall promiseuously, and as Occasion or Discretion may require, inspect, supervise, or examine the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure of the Article when in the Custody of the Crown, in Correction of Error, and in Prevention of Fraud or Collusion. For this Service, Nine Landing Surveyors are appointed in the Port of London; it is their Duty to controul the whole Class of delivering Officers on the Quays, confiding of Landing and Deputy King's Waiters, and a numerous Body of inferior Officers. Indeed it is our (landing Principle, that no Officer shall

A. 1799.

London be permitted to act without Control. Upon an open Quay the Officer become also a Kind of mutual e° Check upon each other.

N j We fee no Means of preserving this tnoft important la Appendix Part of the System with equal Energy and Effect in (c,) this new Mode of Delivery. Esther a Landing Surveyor mud: attend each Landing Waiter on the Platform, or he rauft be moving from Platform to Plat form to fulfil his Trtift; The first would be a most expensive and unnecessary Increase of Officers and Charges of Management; the latter we conceive feaveely practicable with official Effect.

Whild Goods remain on the Quay, in the Cudody of the Crown, the superior Officer may have them, with little Difficulty or Inconvenience, re-examined.

In the Process of this Transit from the Vesselto the Lighter, this material Means of Check appears to be greatly lessened, if not totally lod. Should the Article be deemed dill in the Charge of the Officer when in the Lighter, the Perplexity and Trouble in disturbing the Stowage, and bringing the Goods back for Reexamination, provided there was Space on the Platform (which in numberless Cafes there could not be) would be great, and the official Process on the Platform impeded during such Operation,

As the Articles, when in the Lightef and out of the Dock, if not of that Description which are to be brought to the Legal Quays, would be free from all farther Control of the Officers, the Duties having been paid thereon, we think great Opening for Fraud upon the RivCr would be the Consequence.

The Smuggler might with Facility fubditute other' Articles in Packages corresponding in Size, Marks, and 1 Numbers, after such Discharge from the Docks, instead of those which had passed Examination, and by this, and various other Artifices, prohibited Articles might be introduced, or Evasion of Duty effected; and the Cudom House Officer would at all Events be perplexed in the Execution of his Duty, whild some Articles are to be examined in this Way in the Docks, and others delivering in the River, according to the present Mode, in order to be brought up to the Legal Quays, and on which the Duties have not been paid.

In respect to Diipatch, our practical Officers date, in the dronged Manner, the Difference of Time re-quisite for the Delivery of a Cargo from the Hold of a Ship and from Lighters, the former Mode being out of all Proportion the most tedious: Upon this Principle therefore, apart from the Remotenels of Situation, and the Difficulty incident to the Separation of Articles, which would dill remain to be examined, and delivered as at present, the Attendance of superior Officers of the Crown alongside the Ship would be an unthrifty Application of their Labour.

This Idea of discharging Goods afloat is not alto gether new; a Practice somewhat analogous thereto prevailed at Hull for many Years, but it was confined to that Port, and admitted from Necessity, there being no Legal Quays there at that Time; Goods were therefore permitted to be examined upon the Ship's Deck, and delivered immediately into the Cudody of the Merchant.

This Practice being found frotn Experience to be highly injurious to the Revenue, the same was repre-fented in the Reports of this Board, dated the 20th February 1767, and 9th April 1772, to the then Lords of the Treasury, and an immediate Stop put thereto v Aipon the Erection of Legal Quays at that Port. The Floating Platform appears to us more objectionable than the Delivery from the Deck of a Ship, particularly in point of Space, as the former will be lets and more confined than the latter.

Upon the most mature Confederation, we cannot but think that this Innovation would be hazardous, inexpedient, and tend to additional Expence of Management; indeed alt Plea jtbr the Necessity of such Change will cease when the Legal Quays are established upon an improved System, which we trud will ere long be eflefted.

Mr. EDWAftD OGLE'S PlAN.

This Plan, in like Manner with the City onfc, proposes art Embankment of the Thames to the farhe Extent; viz. Thirty Feet into the River $ and in Addition thereto, by converting the Front of Darkhouse Lane towards the River into a Legal Quay, shutting certain Stairs, and filling up a Dock on the Ead Side of Dice Quay, and also by preventing all Ships from discharging their Cargoes at the Quays, to make; as he dates, a positive Addition of Quay Room in a lineal Direction of Four hundred and Eighty Feet. It appears, that the actual lineal Extent, added to the Quays, is One hundred and Eighty Feet; the remaining Three hundred arising only from a proposed Regulation, by precluding Ships from coming to the Quays. He likeWife fug-geds, that farther Accommodation of Quay Room might be gained by filling up Dock.

We fee no Objection to these Propositions on the Part of the Crown and, as far as they go, they tend to the better Accommodation of Trade.

Having thus stated and difeuffed the Propofols, contained in the different Plans for the Extension Of the Legal Quays, it is incumbent upon us to observe; that no one of those Plans appears to be any Way adequate to the Object in Agitation. — That by lelcfting such Parts of them as in our Opinion ougiit tb be approved of, and combining those several Propositions,-namely, the Embankment of the Thames in the Mode suggested, if it can be done without Detriment to the River; the filling up and applying certain public Staire and Landing Places, and Dice , as specified in Mr. Ogle's Plan, and adding Dock to the

present Legal Quays, and taking a sufficient clear Space On the River in the Front of the Bridge Yard, for the condrufting a Legal Quay, which we find to have been in like Manner recommended by our Predecessors, in the Year 1711, material Progress may, confidently with the Good of Revenue, be made towards the due Accommodation of the Trade of the Port of London.

But we think it our Duty also to remark, after full and mature Deliberation, that, in our Opinion, the collective Benefit thence to be derived will not be adequate to the great Object in View, and that, of consequence, considerably larger Addition to the Legal Quays becomes requisite.- — Under this Conviction, we have directed our Thoughts and Enquiries to the Selection of a Spot for such Extension and Enlargement, possessing to the greatest Degree attainable, or capable of being made to possess, Proximity, Contiguity, and the other essential Requisites for a Legal Quay before specified.

We conclude the North Side of the River to be the most convenient for the general Trade of the Merchant. The Place we have to fugged, as most fit, is a Spot in Saint Catherine's, in Front of the River, from Iron gate Stairs down to Storehouses belonging to His Majesty, called The King's Brewhouse, containing something more than Seven hundred Feet, and including a Dock called Saint Catherine's. It has occurred to us, that a Space of Ground, called Tower Wharf, and extending from the Ead End of the present Legal Quays to Irongate Stairs, would, in point of Locality, be highly definable; and provided the Whole, or a Portion thereof, and that Portion confiding in Length on the River, could be obtained, for the Good of the Trade and Revenue of the Country, without Prejudice to the public Department to which it belongs our Plan would be rendered, complete. With respect to the Tower Wharf, it appears from Papers in our Office, that in or about the Year 1762, a Commission did issue from the Court of Exchequer to make Part of the said Wharf a Legal

Quay,

577

39 Geo. III. i ° Junii.

Quay, but which Commission was quashed for Want of a due Specification of a certain Part intended to be reserved for the Crown; the Court at the same Time recommending an Application for a new Commission in Correction of such Defect. — But if there be infur-mountable Objections to the Appropriation of Toveer Wharf in this Mode, we are hopeful the other proposed Augmentations and Regulations, hereafter to be applied, may yield the Commerce of the Port sufficient Accommodation.

At the Ground singled out at Saint ,any

necessary Portion of Depth from the River might with Facility be had. The Front to the Thames consists of Warehouses, Dwelling Houses, Public Stairs, a Wharf, and some Waste Ground, making for the moll Part the Southern Side of a poor narrow Street, called Saint Catherine's Street. The Space on the North of this Street, exclusive of Saint Catherine's Church and Church

Yard, consists mostly of mean and wretched Alleys and Courts, and of some vacant Ground; the Houses are in general old and ruinous, and the Inhabitants low and poor. The Houses on the Banks of the River are extremely prejudicial to Revenue, as affording great Opportunities for iniquitous Acts, particularly by the Means of small Vessels, usually called Short Traders, lying close to the Shore at the.Back of these Houses; a Practice which this Board have used every Effort to flop, but without Effect. — We therefore recommend that the Whole of the Site in the Front of the River, with sufficient Depth, be applied to the Object of a Legal Quay, on the North Side of which Warehouses might be constructed. — The Ground, when obtained, we are of Opinion, ought to be cleared of all improper Buildings and Incumbrances, and a Quay formed, embracing all the requisite Properties — We submit this Measure, as of l'uch great Public Utility, that it would deserve the Interference of the Legislature for the Ac-complishment thereof, if such Interference should be found requisite. — We are here likewise confirmed in the Propriety of our Suggestion, by having the concurrent Opinion of the Board of Customs in the Year 1763, when, in consequence of their Recommendation to the Lords of the Treasury, a Commission issued from the Court of Exchequer, constituting the Spot a Legal Quay.

CROWDED AND OBSTRUCTED STATE OF THE RIVER.

We now proceed to the Second Head of our general Arrangement; viz. the crowded and obstructed State of the River.

That the River Thames is frequently so crowded, as to occasion Damage to Ships, Detention, Opportunities for Plunderage, Interruption to Business, and increased Expence for Demurrage and Port Charges, is a Fast, the Truth whereof, we understand, is not to be controverted. — The increased Number and Size of the Shipping of the Country, and the Number of Foreign Vessels resorting to the Port of , are the causes

of the Evil in question; and if those Objects should be progressive, the Inconvenience and Injury to Trade in these Respects must augment therewith.

In the View of Revenue, Detriment must arise, in-as much as the more the Vessel is impeded and detained after her Arrival at Gravesend, at which Place Officers of the Customs are first stationed on board as a Guard, till her final Clearance, when the Officers are taken off, the greater Opportunity for Smuggling is given, and a greater Expence for Management incurred. — Impediment and Delay, in the Navigation of the River, are conl'cquently unfavourable to Revenue. — The direct and most effectual Remedy for this Grievance is, the taking a certain Portion of the Shipping out of the River, by Means of Docks and Basons.

V o l. 54.

DOCKS.

MERCHANTS PLAN.

For this Purpose the Merchants propose, by their Bill, to make One or more Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, in any Places within certain described Limits in Wapping, with a Navigable Cut or Canal from -

wall to such Docks, in order to shorten an intricate and dangerous Navigation round the Isle of Dogs. These Docks are proposed to contain Three hundred and Eighty-eight loaded Ships.

London Docks Report continual.

N° 1.

In Appendix (C.)

FIRST CITY PLAN.

By the First City Plan, it is proposed to make a Dock in the Isle of Dogs, competent to contain Five hundred Ships.

SECOND CITY PLAN.

According to a written Explanation of this Second Plan, it is proposed to make a Dock at Rot her hit he capable of containing " One thousand Ships, and therefore of properly accommodating Four hundred."

The Practicability of making another Dock in the Ife of Dogs, of about the same Size, is also stated.

MR. SAMUEL WYATT'S PLAN.

By Mr. Wyatt's Plan, Three separate Docks are proposed between Blackwall and the Ife of Dogs; one for loaded Ships, another for empty Ships, and one for Colliers, with a Bason at the Entrance at Blackwall for One hundred and Sixty Ships.

MR. EDWARD OGLE'S PLAN.

By Mr. Ogle's Plan, no Dock or Bason is proposed;

but to facilitate the Navigation of the River, Mr. Ogle suggests the mooring and classing of Ships, according to the respective Trades in which they are employed, conformably to a Mode fully explained in his Plan.

Of the Propriety of Docks as a general Measure; the moll fit Place for, and the Mode of their Construdion, we are not competent Judges.

The Depth of Water, the Course and Circumstances of the River, the Soundness of Bottom, with various Points of Consideration, many of a professional Nature, and all material in determining upon and executing this Measure, are foreign from our Department.

Viewing Docks as Places of Reception for Ships in Easement of the River, in order to unship their Cargoes on board Lighters, but not as Places for the due Examination and final Delivery of Cargoes from Foreign Parts, the few Remarks we venture to osier on the Subject are. That if a Dock or Docks are construded, their being so formed as to provide the best possible Security against Fire, lecms to be the first and most important Point; that to ward oft'this Danger, the more spacious, the more distinct and subdivided they are, the more proper; that looking to the Possibility of this dreadful Calamity, and the Extent of Mischief which might result therefrom to the Public and Individuals, we cannot help entertaining some Doubt how far it might be adviseable to admit Vessels loaded with valuable Cargoes into Docks, or those whose Cargoes may consist of Articles combustible, or liable to the greatest Injury by Fire; that if withdrawing the Colliers (a numerous Class of Vessels, and arriving in Fleets) and any' other Class of Ships that may be thought most proper to be leleded, into a Dock let apart and conveniently adapted for them, would be sufficient Relief for the crowded State of the River, it might perhaps be the most safe and eligible Mode of Easement; and that the Site of a Dock the most removed from Buildings, and the most (hut up and inclosed from the Intrusion of Persons not having Business to transact in them, demands the Preference.

7 H WANT

London Docks Report continued.

V,---- — -J

N i.

In Appendix

(CO

578 i0 JuntL A. 1799-

want OF PROPER ARRANGEMENT AND DISTRIBUTION OF THE BUSINESS ON THE LEGAL QUAYS.

The Third general Head is, The Want of proper Arrangement and Distribution of the Business on the Legal Quays.

Allulions thereto, and Suggestions for the Removal thereof, we find to be thrown out in a general Way in the Explanation of some of the before-mentioned Plans.

We are of Opinion, that a Regulation of this Kind is much wanted, and that the Eft'etft thereof would be highly beneficial both to Trade and Revenue. — The hitherto contracted Scale of the Legal Quays has precluded the Possibility of such Improvement, upon any; Plan sufficiently large and dillindt; nor does this Board at present poll'd s legal Authority to inforce the fame, if it had been practicable. — Upon the Enlargement of the Quays, the First Impediment to the Execution of the Measure would be removed; and we should deem it an Object claiming our immediate Attention to introduce the Amendment, if so empowered by the Legislature.

The First great Outline of this Regulation would be, to keep dillindl and separate the Import and Export Trade; and to provide, that no Part of the Coasting Trade should be carried on at the Legal Quays.

The Confusion and Irregularity attending a Mixture of these several Branches of the Custom Department, and these different Concerns of Trade, would be avoided, and Openings for fraudulent Proceedings, to the Detriment of the Crown and the Merchant, thereby prevented. A considerable Acquisition of Room on the Legal Quays would accrue from the proposed Exclusion of the Coalting Trade; our practical Officers calculate this Gain in Space to be in the Proportion of One-fifth' of the whole present Amount, and of One-third in Cranage.

Another Suggestion, conducive to this beneficial Object of Space, may properly be noticed here. — Certain Foreign Vessels now come up to the Legal Quays, and discharge their Cargoes at them; they occupy the Place which might otherwise be appropriated to Lighters, and the Delivery from the former being comparatively far more dilatory, the Practice in question causes Delay, and a Waste of the Officers Time. The legal Prevention of this, therefore, appears to be worthy of Confident ion; and in this Place we cannot omit to advert to a Practice very prevalent, and highly repugnant to the common Object had in View for the Advantage of Revenue and Trade, viz. the acquiring free Space, and the avoiding unnecessary Delay in the Examination and Delivery of Goods. Certain Articles, particularly 'Wine, Spirits, Fruit, and Oil, are left upon the Quays for a considerable Time after the Duties have been latislied; other Goods remain for Want of the Duties being paid. The imposition of an additional Duty on all Articles so left beyond a reasonable Time, sufficient to correct the Practice, with proper Exemption in Relief of Cafes of Necessity, would, in our Opinion, compel the due Removal, and effectually cure this Evil.

The proper Guard of the Legal Quays being of much Importance, we cannot quit the Subject without observing, that their being ihut up at Night, and completely lighted, would, we think, materially contribute to that End.

WANT OF WELL-ORDERED SYSTEM RESPECTING VESSELS AND CRAFT.

The Want of a well-ordered System in the Disposition of Vessels in the River, and in the Management of Lighters and Craft, constitutes the Fourth and last general Head, under which we have classed the great Sources of Inconvenience to which the Trade of London is exposed. Regulation here is urgently necessary, and the Want thereof severely experienced. Should the Formation of a Dock or Docks be adopted, Obstruction and Danger in the Navigation of the River will be 4

lefTcned proportionally to the Capacity of the Docks, and the Number of Vessels received therein. A proper Degree of clear Space, and the right Distribution of Business on the "River, is little less necessary than on the Quays, to promote Dispatch, and repress Fraud; Harbour Mailers of Experience and Ability ought therefore, we think, to be appointed, with Tower to enforce the Mooring of Ships in the River, according to a well-regulated Plan, and proper Controul and Superintendance over them be provided in order to secure the Discharge of their Duty.

The rightly fixing and ordering of Mooring Chains is strictly connected with, and indeed mull form the Basis of this Improvement. Mr. Ogle has suggested and detailed at Length a Scheme for the general mooring and placing of Ships according to their respective Trades; though we cannot think this Scheme would be effectual, or produce the End he thereby proposes, yet, whatever may be the ultimate Determination respecting Docks, useful Hints for the Object now in Difculfion might be obtained therefrom, and the Parts fit for practical Application selected.

The Lighters at present employed upon the River appear to us to be under an irregular and defective System, if indeed any System at all can be said to obtain. We mean, however, to confine the Force of this Observation to the Concerns of Revenue: — The Lighters in Use arc moltly open; Plunderage, a great Source of Loss and just Caule of Complaint to the Merchant, is obviouily effected with less Difficulty in this uncovered Mode of Conveyance; Damage and Injury to the Article lb brought up are also frequently the Consequence, and Revenue in these Ways is prejudiced. Lighters, by being under no Controul or Government by Officers of the Revenue, on their Approach to the Legal Quays, often crowd and block up the Access thereto j empty ones remain to the Interruption of loaded ones, and while the latter deliver without being distributed or ranged according to any Method, the Dispatch of . Business is greatly impeded.

Certain Goods from their Bulk or Nature are less liable to Damage and Plunder than others, and do not require, or are not so well adapted for Stowage in covered Lighters.

We are of Opinion, that Goods not of this Description should be brought up in those only that are covered, and the Hatches properly secured. One or more Lighter Mailers should be appointed, to attend constantly, and manage this Department in like Manner as Harbour Mailers are proposed for the Regulation of Ships in the River, and be also made accountable to some superior Authority.

Having thus submitted to your Lordships what we have to offer under the Four General Heads laid down, we proceed to some subordinate Objects, alluded to in the early Part of our Report, which, though not so immediately within the Department of Revenue, are more or less eilentially connected therewith, and are of material Consequence } they are Three in Number:

1 ft, Warehouses.

ad, Narrowness of Streets and Avenues adjoining to the Custom House and Legal Quays.

3d, Regulation of Carts.

What.we have to submit touching these Points will be comprized in a few general Remarks.

WAREHOUSES.

Certain Articles of Commerce mull by the Laws of # Revenue be warehoused under the joint Custody of the Crown and Merchant: A Sufficiency, bf Warehouse Room, to receive Articles of this Description, the Security of such Warehouses, and their Proximity to the Custom House, are Objects of Moment to the Crown. — In Times of great Import of these Articles, and during particular Gluts of Business, the providing of Warehouses has been found difficult; should the warehousirtg

Syftcvn.

579

39 Geo. III. i° Juniu

SyAem be extendi, an increasing Demand For Ware-house Room mu ft be the Consequence. IF wanted for this Purpose, their Contiguity to the Quays, and the Easiness of their Access, both by Land and Water, would be Points of essential Recommendation in their Favour, as well for Commerce as Revenue. — The Ipcedy Clearance of the Quays, and the affording near Means of Housing, would diminish the Expence of the Crown in Officers Attendance, and particularly that Class, termed officially Cart Followers, whole Duty it is to attend the Article from the Quays to the Ware-houl'e.

The City of London, and Mr. Ogle, have alone fug'1 gefted specific Propositions and Places for the Augmentation of Warehouse Room; the former on the South Side of the River at the Bridge , and both on the Novth Side, according to the Explanation of their respective Plans.

NARROWNESS OF STREETS AND AVENUES ADJOINING TO THE CUSTOM HOUSE AND LEGAL QyAYS.

The Magnitude of this Evil, and the Extent of the Inconvenience and Interruption to Bufinel's thereby occasioned, cannot be expressed in Terms too forcible. Access to, and Return from the Quays, are frequently rendered impossible. Tumult, Consulion, and Accidents in the Streets and Passages contiguous thereto, and on the Quays themselves, are often occasioned, and the commodious carrying on of Trade and Revenue, alike counteraded. The Proposals, therefore, both in the City Plans, and Mr. Ogls, which go to open and widen these Streets, Passages, and Avenues, and to substitute, in lieu thereof, large and commodious Streets, are of very useful Tendency, and ought, we think, to be speeuiiy carried into Execution. Connected therewith is t'le Attainment of additional Warehouses, by eroding them on the Spot where certain Houses, to be pulled down for the Completion of the Plan, now stand; and tuch Warehouses will, we have to observe, in point of Situation, possels the Advantages stated in the preceding Article.

REGULATION OF CARTS.

The irregular System of Carts, and the Want of Method in the Arragement of them, is another Grievance.

We lee, however, no Means of complete Remedy, while the Avenues to the Quays remain in their present contracted State, and the Approaches to them are so perpetually interrupted; but when the same are properly widened, we trust sufficient Regulation will be established; indeed, in their present State, some Relief might be afforded, if Officers were appointed to attend Daily for the Superintendance and Controul of Carmen.

Having had Occasion to recur to various Accotihts for Information in the Course of this Enquiry, we take the Liberty of annexing the same to this Report, as they are distinct from those ordered by the Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, and may serve to throw some Light upon the Subject; and we also transmit a Schedule to such Accounts, to afford your Lordships the Means of more easy Reference thereto.

We cannot close our Report without requesting Indulgence for having trespassed so much upon your Lordships Time, but we hope to stand excused, in Consideration of the Extent and Magnitude of the Matters referred.

Custom Hoofe, 16th May 1796 *

W. Hey.

J. Bates,

Will" Roe.

W. E. Agar. W. Stiles.

F. F. Luttrell.

Vol. 54.

London Docks Report 2. covt'trued.

Report of the Commissioners of the Customs, to T the Lords of the Treasury, on the Improvement In of the Port of London. — 2ill April I'jtgj.

May it please your Lord ships,

Mr. Long having by his Letter of the ill December

last, signified that, having laid before your Lordships »

Memorial of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; inclosing Mr. Dance's, Report on the proposed Improvements of the Legal Quays, and Estimates of the Expence thereof; he (Mr. Long.) is commanded to transmit the said Memorial and Report to this Board, and to desire we will call upon Mr. Dance for any Explanation we may require upon the Subject of the Plan alluded to by him, and report our Opinion thereupon to.youf Lordships with as little Delay as possible.

We Report,

That in obedience to your Lordships Commands thus signified, we have attentively considered the Me morial and Report referred to us, and procured such Information as we found necessary, in order to warrant an Opinion thereon.

Having in our Report to your Lordships of the t 6th. of May last, entered fully into the Difcufiion of various Proposals then offered for the Improvement of the Port ot London, send lelecled such Parts of those respective Plans, as upon mature Enquiry and Deliberation we thought might with Safety anti Efficacy be adopted for the Attainment of the great ObjciSt in View, and having further suggested fiuch additional Measures to the same End, as according to our best Judgment appeared to be requisite and adequate, we think a Reference to that Report will tend much to supersede the Necessity of troubling your Lordships with a Repetition of Matter already luggefted, and at the same Time draw your Lordships Attention to what we deem a Sort of Ground or Criterion forjudging upon the Pro posal now before us; and such Reference seems to be the more apposite, because, upon Examinations wo find that this Plan, in the general and leading Principle and Outline thereof, has great Conformity with the System we thought ourselves justified in recommending for the mutual Accommodation and Benefit of Commerce and Revenue in the Port of London.

Under the Force of these Remarks, we shall proceed to investigate the Propositions contained in Mr. Dance's, Re port, expressing simply a Concurrence in Sentiment where they accord with our Opinion antecedently given, or appear to be eligible; and where we think the Suggestion ought not to be adopted, or that it should be modified in the Execution, or the Determination on the Expediency thereof suspended, explaining, as may be needful the lieafons on which our Opinion is founded.

FIRST PROPOSITION.

* To purchase a sufficient Quantity of Ground " on the East Side of the upon the Site

" of Saint Catharine's, whereon to form ample " Conveniencies for all the Export Trade, the " landing all Tobaccos, and all the Ir.dia " Goods." ,

This Proposition, as far as it goes to the Construiftion. of an open Legal Quay at Saint Catharine's, is in perfect Consonance with our Opinion, and we think highly fit to be adopted.

We are not, however, prepared to offer any determinate Opinion upon the Confinement or App^cation thereof, in the Manner proposed by Mr. *

The Transfer and Allotment of the Whole of the Export, and so great a Portion of the Inward Trade of

the

k

1

1

1

A 179 c?.

London

Docks Report continued.

N° 2.

In Appendix (C.)

the Port to that Spot, are Matters of considerable Importance both in Magnitude and Nature. Due Examination and Enquiry, with a View to the common Benefit of Trade and Revenue, ought, we think, to precede and Fully evince the general Utility of the Measure, before so material an Alteration should be established.

In the Report alluded to we proposed a suitable Arrangement and Distribution of Business on the Legal Quays, as an elsential Requisite to the Improvement of the Port, and suggested that a Distinction and Separation of the Import and Export Trade, and the Removal of the Coast Trade from those Quays, ought to be made the Balls of the Measure.

The practical Institution of such a System, in the most beneficial Mode, mud necessarily involve a Variety of Commercial and Official Concerns and Tran factions, and demand many Regulations. Any final Judgment or Decision thereon, at present, would, we think, be premature and unadvised.

Thus impressed we submit to your LordshipsWifdom, whether the most expedient and safe Order of Proceeding would not be to legalize an additional Extent of Quay Room, fully sufficient for the Improvement of the Port; to sanction, by the Authority of the Legislature, the general Principle of a Separation and Appropriation of the great Branches of Inward and Outward Trade, to certain Parts of the Legal Quays, in such Manner as might be found most secure and advantageous for Commerce and Revenue; and proper Authority being delegated for that Purpose, to commit the executive Part of the Plan to subsequent Accomplishment, under an Injunction of all the Dispatch compatible with the Right and orderly Completion of so extensive an Object. A System thus introduced would not only have the Benefit of proper antecedent Enquiry and Deliberation, but it might be matured, and from Time to Time perfected, under the Aid of Experience.

In the explanatory Part of Mr. Dance's Report, touching this Proposition, we find a Suggestion for forming Two ample Docks behind the Quay at Saint Catharine's, for the sole Purpose of receiving Lighters . for the Export Trade, with covered Sheds, Cartways, Buildings, and an Inclosure; these Docks to communicate with the 'Thames by Two Openings, with Gates, according to a Description in his Report, and a Delineation in a printed Plan transmitted to us by him. Our Recommendation of a Legal Quay at Saint Catharine's, had no View to any Plan of this Kind. Under a Conviction that an adequate lineal Extent of spacious open Quay Room, unincumbered, and of free Access, is the primary Desideratum, and must be the Groundwork of solid and permanent Improvement of the Port, we deem it incumbent upon us to object to this Proposal. An Interruption of the Line of Wharf in Two Places, for the Passage of Lighters to and from the River, would destroy the Continuity and diminish the Quantity of spacious connected Quay Room, and in both Ways we think be incommodious toTrade and Revenue.

Apart from this Consideration, of sufficient Weight in itieif, we think the Plan of these Lighter Docks objectionable, as tending rather to delay and embarrass than to facilitate Business, as likely to occasion Confu-fion from the Compression and Intermixture of Property; and as affording increased Opportunity for Concealment, Plunderage, and Fraud, to the Injury of the Crown and the Merchant.

The Landing and Shipping by Means of Lighters di-rectly along a free open Line of Wharf, appears to us of obvious comparative Superiority.

SECOND PROPOSITION.

{‘ To improve the Site of the Bridge Yard, so as " to render it perfectly adequate to the convenient Dispatch of all the Coasting Trade, and " also to the landing of all Wines and Spirits, " Fruit, and such other Articles as may be " found proper to relieve the present Legal " Quays."

The Designation of a proper Space of Ground at Bridge Yard, for the Erection of a commodious Legal Quay, coincides with our Opinion already offered, and is, we think, requisite to the Amendment of the Port. Touching the Removal from the Legal Quays to the Quay at Bridge Yard, when constructed, of the Articles of Foreign Commerce enumerated in this Proposal, or the like exclusive Selection of any other Articles, we do not deem ourselves warranted to submit any conclusive Opinion; but think in this Instance also, the ultimate Application of that Quay, and Distribution of Business thereon, ought to be postponed; possibly that Situation, if proper Warehouses were erected contiguous to the Quay, might be found peculiarly adapted to the landing of Articles of Import Trade intended for Exportation.

The Relief of the Legal Quays, by taking away from thence all the Coasting Trade, as we have Rated, appears to us a most material Regulation, both for the Attainment of Space and the Prevention of Confusion and Disorder in the carrying on of Business. To that Branch of the Proposition we fully accede; but any Confinement of the Coasting Trade to Bridge Yard, or to any other Spot or Wharf, would, it strikes us, be injurious. That Trade is of the utmost Importance to the Country, as such it deserves every practicable Encouragement, and an Exemption from all Restraint and Burthen not essentially necessary. In conformity with this Principle, we think the Freedom of Choice as to the Place of landing or taking in his Goods, which the Master of the Coast Vessel at present enjoys, ought, with the proposed Exclusion from the Legal Quays (by which we trust this Trade will in fact benefit) still to be maintained.

When the Apportionment of Foreign Trade to Bridge Yard has been digested and settled, if without commercial Inconvenience and practical Objection on the Part of the Revenue, there should remain suitable Space to be set apart for the Coasting Trade, we do not foresee any Impediment to such Partition and Application.

No doubt, the Coasting Trade will be attracted to those Wharfs, where, in point of Locality, Convenience, and Expence, it can be belt accommodated.

Having in this Report had Occasion to express our Objections to Docks for receiving Lighters, we think the general Remarks thereon submitted, coupled with wjjiat we have just observed respecting the Propriety of suspending the Decision in what Way the Legal Quay at Bridge Yard should be applied, and the Expediency of leaving the Coasting Trade unfettered, will justify us in disapproving this Dock Plan at Bridge Yard, whether meant, as Rated in the Proposition, for the Lighters employed in lading or unlading Coasters, or in Mr. Dance's Explanation by Letter, for the Admission of the Coasting Vessels themselves.

The Proposal of covered Quays, with Warehouses over the fame, in Front of the River, militates direCUy against the Opinion delivered in the Report which we had the Honour to make to your Lordships, on which Occasion the Grounds of our Objection to any Measure of the Sort were detailed; we have only therefore to observe, that we deem this Proposal unfit to be adopted.

THIRD

39 Geo. III.

iD Junii. 581

THIRD PROPOSITION.

" When the above Objects are obtained, then td " improve the present Legal Quays, either by " Docks, or Wharfs covered upon Arches, by " Embankment, or by any Mode which may " then be found necessary, after' they have " been cleared of so great a Part of their present " Incumbrances." v

Respecting a Proposition thus general and extenfivC, we mult again beg Leave to reter your Lordships to the Report, to which we have so frequently had Occa-fiori to allude, wherein will be found the Opinion and Matter we have to offer upon the various Parts and Objects ranging under or connected with this Head.

We think it, however, right to mark our Agreement in Opinion with Mr. Dance, as to the Order in which he hereby proposes to complete his Plan. The Acquisition of Quay Room at Catharine' % and at

Bridge Tard, in Easement of the present Legal Quays, crowded, obstructed, and overloaded as they now are, before the projected Improvement of those Quays is carried into Execution, appears to us to be highly judicious and proper. The Transactions of the Port, as well in regard to Commerce as Revenue, will, by that Method of Proceeding, be the less incommoded or disturbed, and in all Probability the Work will advance with greater Facility and Dispatch.

Observing that in these Propositions no direct Mention is made of a Dock or Docks for the Relief of the River, though, in the printed Plan accompanying them, the Design of a Floating Dock for Ships at the Isle of Dogs is laid down, we thought it behoved us not to leave the Intention respecting an Object so material to the improved State of the Port to Implication or Surmise, we accordingly applied to Mr. Dance for Information on this Particular; his Letter in return clears up this Matter; and on that Account, as well as that it makes a Kind of farther Explanation or Supplement to the Propositions themselves, we have annexed a Copy thereof to our Report; it there appears that Floating Docks for Shipping at the Isle of Dogs without Wharfs, forms a decided Branch of the Plan of the City of London.

Our Opinion, as to the general Expediency of a Dock . or Docks for the Advantage of the Navigation of the River, and the collateral Benefit to Revenue, under Conditions and Qualifications, and with the Remarks and Suggestions which we thought we were competent, and1 it behoved us to offer, are already before your Lordships, and w-e have nothing to add on the Subject except a Recurrence to a Principle, which has been a governing one in this Report, namely, that the Application of a Dock or Docks to any particular Description of Vessels be delayed, until the Fitness of their being so used lb all have been ascertained.

Mr. Dance's Plan does not, we find, include some Matters fuggelled in our former Report, which, though comparatively of a subordinate Nature, we regard as in-diipcnfably conducive to the grand Object in Contemplation; — we allude to well-ordered and properly enforced Systems for mooring Vessels in the River, regulating Lighters employed in the Conveyance of Merchandize to and from the Quays, and also the Carts frequenting the Quays, or waiting thereon or in their Vicinity for Hire.

There is, we are persuaded, urgent Want of good and effectual Regulation touching these different Objedfs, and we think any Plan for carrying the Port of London to a proper State of Perfedfion would be incomplete without due Interposition to that Effcdf.

We have forborne from entering at all into the Calculations Hated in Mr. Dance's Plan j we do not regard

Vol. 54.

this Matter as any Way connected with Revenue or London within our Province, and the Intention of your Lord- nockR'P,ort: ships Order of Reference.

r. B. I A. M.

R. F.

J.B. |

Custom Ho oft,

2ill Jfril 1797.

Report of the Commissioners of the Customs to N° 3. the Lords of the Treasury, on the Improvement in Appendix of the Port of „ London — 24th March 1798.

May it please yobr Lofdships,

Mr. Rose having, by his Letter of the 14th February 1798, transmitted to this Board, in pursuance of your Lordships Commands, the following Papers, received by the Chancellor of the Exchequer from joint Deputations of the Committee of the Corporation of London, and of the Committee of India Planters and Merchants, for the Purpose of carrying intQ Execution the Plan for the Improvement of the Port of London j namely.

Report of a Committee of West India Planters and Merchants, on the Subject, of a Bill, depending in Parliament, for forming Wet Docks at the Port of London, 16 November 1797, with a Plan annexed:

Resolutions of the General Meeting of West India Planters and Merchants, 12 December 1797:

Report of the Committee, and Resolutions of the Court of Common Council thereon, 16 "January 1798:

And haying Hated that he (Mr. Rose) is commanded by your Lordships, to desire we will report our Opinion on the several Matters therein referred to, and " especially to state, whether the Security of the Revenue " would be likely to be affected by Warehouses being " built at the Isle of Dogs, for West India Produce, in '

" the Manner proposed by the Planters and Merchants;

" and whether, if sufficient Space shall be provided for " the Ships in the West India Trade, in the Docks proposed to be made, and the Produce brought Home in " them shall be landed there, there will be Accom1 " modation in the River for all the other Ships trading " to the Port of London, and Room on the present Free " Quays to land the Goods which may be imported " in such other Ships, without Delay or Inconvenience." —

And Mr. Rose having, by a further Letter, dated the 28th of the same Month, also signified, that " having " laid before your Lordships a Representation from the " Committee of West India Planters and Merchants,

" for carrying into Execution the Plan for improving " the Port ot London by Docks, &c. at the Isle of Dogs,

" submitting sundry Particulars in Elucidation-of their.

" Plan, he (Mr. Rose) is commanded to transmit the " same to this Board, for our Consideration and Report " thereon." —

In obedience to such your Lordships Commands *

We Report,

That in our Report to your Lordships, dated the 16th May 1796, we did, from the best Materials and Information we were enabled to procure, and after very full and mature Consideration on the Subject, fuggclt what appeared to our Judgment to be the moll complete and effectual Plan for the Improvement of the Port of London, upon a large and comprehensive Scale, and with a View not to the immediate or temporary, but to the general permanent Accommodation and Safety of Trade and Revenue.

71 That,

582 i6 1799 *

Lennon That, on receiving your Lordships Commands of Re- and proper, and very beneficial in their Nature, though, nocks Report fete-nce on the Proposition of the West India Planters the Attendance of Coopers, Labourers, and the nume *

and Merchants, we thought it behoved us to re-coiifider rous other Persons required in the Export as well as To „ and weigh the Report to which we thus allude, with the Import Trade, muR, we think, in some Measure, and lu Appendix ^are a°d Attention due to the Nature and Importance perhaps not inconsiderably, defeat or diminish the good (C) of the Subject therein contained, before we proceeded to Effects of this useful Precaution.

form any ultimate Opinion on the Matters now referred; Should the Plan in other Respects be found advise-upon such Re-consideration, and from any subsequent able, the Erection of Warehouses as proposed at this-Means of Information which have occurred to us, not Dock with the Advantage of near Contiguity to the having found Reason to induce or warrant a Departure Place for landing and examining the Articles to be de-from the Opinions and Principles by which we were livered there would, we think, be very fit} and we are governed in what we then submitted, we take Leave to not aware that Revenue would be endangered thereby, draw your Lordships Attention to that Report, as the We have not been inattentive to Two Objects of ma Basis or Ground Work to which we recur in ditcuffing terial Concern suggested in these Propolltions, the one the specific Proportions -referred by your Lordships the Reduction of Expence to Revenue, by a Diminu-Orders tion of the Number of Officers employed on board ar-

Three principal Objects appear to be selected forotir . riving Ships, for the Safeguard of Revenue} the other Consideration} namely, the Safety of Revenue under the the Prevention of that pernicious SyRem of Depreda prefpol'ed Plan of the West India Planters and Merchants} tion on the Articles of West India Commerce, injurious the Easement of the River in point of Space for the to the Crown, as far as it prevails prior to the Examina-Shipping frequenting the Port of London, which would tion of the Articles, by a Defalcation of Duty, and td result therefrom; and the Attainment of Room on the the Merchant in all Stages, by the Loss and Plunderage Legal Quays for landing and delivering the Commerce of his Property *

of the Port not included in such Plan. Having, however, no Means before us to form any

Ibis Proposal for delivering the Articles specified, in a correct Estimate of the Saving to Revenue which might Dock at the Iste of Dogs, militates against the Principles accrue in the former Respect, nar f ounded Data by we thought it incumbent upon 11s to recommend for the which to ascertain, with any Precision, the Truth and

Safety of Revenue, in the following Respects: Accuracy of the large Amount to which the latter Evil

It establishes the Conduct of the Business of Revenue is Rated to be carried, we are not prepared to go into the at a considerable DiRance from the Office where the Detail or InveRigation of these Points.

Seat of Management and Control is now fixed, and at a Wrth respect to the Second Object, the Easement of Spot more remote therefrom than that in the proposed the River, by withdrawing therefrom the Ships proposed Plan of the Wapping Docks, and which, on this Ground, to be received in the Dock, we beg to recur to the gene-we thought objectionable. raj Observations made in our Report, referred to under The Plan before us, as we underRaud it, imports to the Head of Docks, and on this speeific Proposal to re-, legalize as Quay, a certain Space surrounding the mark, that, in order to ascertain the Quantum of Relief Whole, of the Dock. and Accommodation to the River thus to be obtained.

So great an Extent of Quay in the printed Explana- we directed Returns to be made of the Number of - tion. Rated to be One Mile in Compass, muR demand, India Ships discharged in the Port of London in the for the Conduct of Business, a large ERahlishment of Years 1796 and 1797, diRinguishing those discharged Officers; and at all Events, a new and diRinct SyRem of tfelow Deptford from those above, in each Year. From separate Examination and Control b.y Rationary Officers, thence it appears, that in the Year 1796, 306 Vessels of would be inRituted within the Dock, not accordant this Description delivered above Deptford, and 50 be- with the general and experienced SyRem of a promiseu- low; and that in the Year 1797, 209 Vessels delivered ous and fludtuating Inspection, Check, and Superin- above Deptford, and 55 below; upon which we have to tendance of superior eomptrolling Officers, and, in our observe, that the real Relief which would accrue to the Opinion, less provident, efficacious, and lafe for Re- River by the Plan, is to be eRimated by the Number of venue. Vessels in the firR Predicament; and we think it fu/ther

>. The Plan seems to imply the transacting the Export necessary to remark, that our Officers moR conversant as well as the Import Trade within the Dock; a Mixture with the River, have given it ns their Opinion, grounded repugnant to what we thought, upon due Deliberation, upon practical -Experience and Observation, that the a moR essential Principle of Order, Accommodation, Removal of the West India Trade therefrom, would not and -DUpatch, the Separation of the Import from the have the Effect of yielding sufficient Accommodation Export Business. for all-the other Ships trading to the Port.

As far as we under and the Propolltions, certain With this Plan of a Dock, is connected the one of a Articles of West India Produce; namely, all those not Canal from Black-wall to Hole, for the general

liable to the Payment of Duties, are Rill to be brought - Use of Ships, Vessels, and Craft of all Descriptions, fre-from the Docks in Lighters to the Legal Quays, to be questing the Port of London.

examined and delivered there. The Observations we This Transit of Vessels through a Cut not wide in thought it incumbent upon us to make in our Report, Extent, &nd having a Shore very contiguous on each touching a Proposal somewhat similar in Mr. Wyatt's Side, would, we apprehend, afford various and great Plan, as to the Danger to Revenue to be apprehended Openings for illicit PradtiGes, and be fraught with much Rom the Conveyance of some Articles from Docks, Danger to Revenue; an Apprehension forcibly repre-subject, and others not subject, to the farther Examina- fented, by our moR competent practical Officers, on action of the Officers, are, we think, applicable to this former Proposition for a Canal, as well as the present Part of the Plan. These leading Doubts of the Pro- one.

priety and Expediency of the Measure, and Objections On the Ground therefore of the Safety of the Reveto the Adoption thereof, fuggeR themselves to our nue, wc think it our Duty to express our Rrong Objec-Judgment, under that Head which is of the higheR Im- tion to this Part of the Plan.

portance, and demands our peculiar.and moR guarded The Effect of Docks, however conRructed, or where- Attention, the Welfare and Safety of Revenue. ever situated, upon the Bed and Navigation of the River,

The Proposition of inclosing the Dock with a fur- is, as we formerly Rated to your Lordships, foreign from rounding Fence Wall to the Heighth Rated, and other our Province, and a Matter upon which we do not deem Precautions to exclude the Introduction of Persons not ourselves authorized to venture an Opinion; but one of neceifadly employed or admitted there, are, we think, fit our superior Officers of the Waterguard, in the Course

z of

39 Geo. III. i° Junii

of his Reports, having submitted it 4s his Opinion, that the Formation of a Wet Dock and Canal, as proposed at the Isle of Dogs, would tend to divert the Stream of the River both Flood and Ebb, and thereby throw in such a Quantity of Silth as would in a few Years lessen the Depth of Water in that Part of the River, we think it not proper to be silent as to such his Opinion;

Respecting the Third and lad Object contained in your Lord ships Reference, Whether there would be Room on the present Free Quays to land the Goods which may be imported in such other Ships as are not employed in the West India Trade, we have to represent, that we have taken the Opinion of those Officers usually consulted, and from their Situations in the Department Left qualified to give Information upon Subjects of this Kind; they (late, that if the Plan of Delivery of the India produce at a Dock in the Isle if , as proposed by the Planters and Merchants, should be carried into Effect, in their Opinion the present Free Quays would be sufficient to land all other Goods which may be imported, without Delay or Inconvenience.

This being a Consideration highly material and important in itself, and involving not merely the present and near, but the future and distant Well-being and Prosperity of the Commerce and Revenue of the Port, We deemed it incumbent upon us to have very peculiar Regard thereto, and to tevifeand exaniine, with great Circumspection, the Returns of our Officers, and the Documents which were before us when we framed the Report to your Lordships, which we have so frequently found it requisite to mention.

The most urgent and indispensable Necessity was then Rated for the immediate Completion of divers Plans for the Enlargement of, Alteration in, and Addition to, the Legal Quays; which, with various other Matters, we at that Time submitted to your Lordships.

Comparing the Opinions of our Officers given on that Ocealion with those offered on the Plan under Difcussion, we do not find that relative Confidency and Uniformity which would, we think, justify us in reding with sufficient Confidence upon the Reasons or Result now submitted on their Part. And bringing into Compa-rifon the Magnitude of the Inconveniencies, Embarrassments, and Difficulties of the Trade of the Port of London, and the concomitant Injury and Peril to Revenue occasioned by the contracted, crowded, and incommodious State of the Legal Quays, so universally, so strongly, and, in our Opinion, so judly complained of, with the- Degree and Extent of the Relief and Ealement comprehended in these Propositions, we cannot, in the Exercise of our bed and most impartial Judgment, regard this Plan as adequate to, or commensurate with, the Attainment of the great Objects in View, a Sufficiency of ample, convenient, apposite Quay Room, and of free unobdrufted Space in the River for the Trade and Navigation of the Port. Impressed with this Conviction, we think it may not be improper, before we dole our Report, to submit to'your Lordships, that without entering into the comparative Aptitude or Merit of the different proposed Plans for Docks, as far as the same are to be applied to the Purpose of Legal Quays for the Examination and Delivery of Articles of Commerce, and having due Regard to those momentous Objects the Welfare and Convenience of Trade and Revenue, we think we should be wanting in our Duty if we omitted, with becoming Deference, to repeat our Opinion, that the most solid and perfect Plan for the Amendment of the Port of J, as well to meet the present as what we trust wiU become hereafter the in-creasing and progressive State of the Commerce thereof, will be by the Adoption of some such aggregate Principles of Improvement as we have had the Honour to Jay before your Lordships in our before-mentioned Report of the 16 th May 1796.

' T. B. J. B. R. F. W. R. % B.

24th March 1798.

m

Vol. 54.

London

No. A. Docks Report

continued.

— - J

Report of the Collectors and Comptrollers, Inwards N 4.

and Outwardsi in the Port of Lo>idon. in Appendix

ft.)

Honourable Sirs,

In obedience to your Honour's Reference, we have taken into Consideration the Letter and the improved Plans inclosed of the City of London, and the Merchants, for making Wet Docks.

In answer to the Observations contained in the Letter, many of them relate to the Regulation of the Revenue Officers, which we consider to be wholly detached from the Plans, but when either of them shall be approved, the Mode of officially protecting the Revenue will become a proper Subject for Consideration, according to the CircUrttstances which may then exilt.

The nautical Parts we beg Leave to decline making any Remarks upon.

So far as respects the Revenue we fee no material Difference in them.

The Isle of Dogs Plan appears the most limple and ea/yto be accomplished, and at the lead Expence.

The London Plan would be extremely oppressive to many of the present Inhabitants, and the Means of numerous Changes of Property of such Description as would incur much greater Expence than the former; but whether the Vicinity of IVapp to the Cudom House may not be a Matter of Consideration, as that Circumdance would preclude the Necessity of establishing (as it has been fuggeded, but which we apprehend would not be acceded to without mature Consideration)

Officers on the Spot, for the Purpose of issuing Documents far the landing and shipping of Goods, very little or no Inconvenience would arise from executing at Wapping the Warrants granted at the Cudom Home, but the great Didance of the Isle of Dogs would make the same otherwise, therefore we are inclined to an Opinion, that the London Plan has the Preference for the Facility of Business, by keeping it nearly united? and more' immediately under the Eye of the Honourable Board,

Which is submitted,

fV. Sims, Dr Collector.

J. Meller, D Collector.

Aug1 Thefiger, Dr Surv General.

F. T. tVa/Jh, Dr Comptroller-.

lid May 1799.

No; 5. N 5- -

In Appendix

Report of the Landing Surveyors. (C.)

Honourable Sirs,

In a Matter of such serious Importance to the Revenue as the Plan now under Reference, we considered ourselves as called upon to take a Personal Survey of the Whole of the Premises contained in the Two Plans, the better to enable us to submit to yo.ur Honours our Observations upon the same; Which having done, we have the Honour to report.

Fird, upon the proposed Dock at the of Dogs. —

This Dock from Situation appears to us as yery defir-able, as Ships will enter it from Blackwell immediately upon their Arrival from Sea. Upon Ships entering this Dock, it is proposed that the Crews and Revenue Officers shall be discharged, and the Ships jpfeced under the King's Lock. The Ships then to be moored in the Center of the Dock, as Bulk is not to be broken nor the Hatchways opened, until the whole Contents of every Ship's Cargo shall be firstentered for the Duties.

This done, the Ships arp to be laid alpng-fide the Wharfs (hngly) for the Purpose of unloading, when the Hatchways are only to be opened during the Hour» of working, and that in the Landing Waiter's Pxefence.

Coffee and Cocoa are proposed to be . landed at the

Quay

' »

584

i° Junii.

A.

1799.

Quay close to the Coffee Warehouse. Rums are pro-poled to be gauged upon landing, and immediately secured in the Bonded Cellars; and no Sample ever to be allowed to be drawn but upon the open Quays, and that after the Calks shall have been gauged. Sugars to be weighed immediately upon landing, and as immediately to be secured in the Warehouses. Ships, when discharged of their Cargoes, to be rummaged by the Tide Surveyors, and then to be removed into the Dock. marked B. intended for light Ships only, as the unloading Dock marked A. is to be devoted wholly to the Import Branch of West India Produce.

The Warehouses proposed to be built, appear to us as fully adequate to the Reception of the Whole of the West India Produce imported.

The Sixty Feet allotted in Front of the Warehouses next the Quays will be ample for the Dispatch of Business, and the Restriction that no Cart6 shall ever be allowed upon those Quays is, in our Opinion, truly desirable.

By this Plan great and material Saving will be made to the Revenue in Tidesmen, Cart Followers, and Weighers, as the Dock Company undertake to perform the Whole of the weighing Duty to the Exception of one Weigher at each Scale; and so far as die Revenue is concerned, we mud admit, that under a System so very Ample and apparently so easy to be carried into Effect,

the Revenue must (land fully protected from the immediate Arrival of Ships within this Dock until their final Discharge. The Danger from Fire on board Ships, alone excepted, which in all Situations is more or less hazardous; but it does appear to us, from the Regulation of preventing Persons from remaining on board Ships within this Dock, prohibiting the Use of Fire and Candle on board Ships, together with the Limitation that no Building shall be erected within 500 Feet of the Shipping alongside the Quays, that the Danger is not to be considered as forming any material Objection to the Plan.

The only remaining Point is the Distance, and this to us does not appear objectionable on the Part of the Revenue. It is an Inconvenience that can alone be felt by the Merchants, in any Delay it may occasion to their receiving your Honour's Orders, upon such Papers as may be submitted by them to the Board.

Having, we humbly conceive, answered your Honour's Refetence as far as relates to the Plan for Docks at the Iste of Dogs, it is incumbent on us to give a circumstantial Detail of the Wapping Plan.

We therefore have to observe, that Ships destined for this Dock will have to pass through the Whole of the ' Lower Pool and a great Part of the Upper Pool, and such Ships as are not able to enter the Dock before High Water must lay at least Two Tides out of the Dock, and Ships of great Draught of Water so circumstanced, must be removed a considerable Distance down the River to find a convenient Depth of Water to ride in Safety, till the returning. Tide enables them to get into Dock, -during which Passage through the Pools, and the Delay occasioned by not laving the Tide, the Revenue, we are humbly of Opinion, must be exposed to great Danger, as it will afford an Opportunity for running the private Adventures of the Officers ancj Crews. It is here necessary to remark, that these Docks are proposed for the promiscuous Reception of the Trade of the Port, the same Regulations therefore, so essentially necessary for the Safety of the Revenue which are proposed to be adopted in the Dock at the Iste of Dogs, cannot possibly be carried into Execution in these Docks; namely, the discharging the Revenue Officers and Crews from the Ships immediately upon their entering the Docks, placing the Ships under the Locks of the King and Merchants, and also the Ships Hatchways not to be opened but in the Presente of the Landing Waiters; . the whole Contents of every Ship's Cargo to be entered for the Duties before Bulk shall be broken, and without

which it would be incompatible with our Duty tore- Do k°nj!0 commend any Docks whatever; for in such Docks the Ships lying alongside the Quays, the Crews and Revenue >

Officers remaining on board, and the Resort of Persons N° 5. to the Docks, beyond Description numerous, the Reve- In APpen<l1 nue must be infinitely more exposed than when Ships deliver their Cargoes in the Stream; and it is easy to conceive that the Articles of Cambricks, Lawns, Threads, and Crapes, &c. &c. which are pretty generally Objects of illicit Trade, would be easily run, and without that Rilk which at present the Smuggler has to contend with between the Ship and the Shore.

There is also another Objection, and which we conceive is of the first Importance to the Revenue, the Danger of Fire arising from the Proximity of building to these Docks,'it appearing to us, upon our Survey, that Mell'rs.

Allen's Brewery is to constitute a Part of the Dock Wall, which is not at the Distance of Thirty Feet from the Dock itself, and in various other Parts Houses are within as small a Distance from the Docks; indeed the Whole of the Walls surrounding these Docks have Buildings too contiguous for the Safety of the Revenue, and in case of Fire at any such Building the Shipping must be endangered; this we presume must operate as a serious Objection against these Docks, as the Crown must sustain the Loss of its Duties upon all Goods so destroyed on board Ships, from the Impofiibility of ascertaining the Nature, Quality, and Quantity of Goods so destroyed.

Respectully submitted,

Jtf

- Fofter.

Rd

Landing Surveyor's Office, J. T. Loraine.

May 22d, 1799. Dl.

W. Reichenberg.

N 6.

Report of the Landing Waiters.

Honourable Sirs,

In obedience to your Honour's Directions we have attentively examined the Plans, and carefully perused the explanatory Paper annexed to your Honour's Reference; and if the Regulations proposed are fully adopted, we think the Docks at the of Dogs preferable to those at Wapping, in as much as the Revenue will be perfectly secure.

May 22d 1799.

(Signed)

N 6.

In Appendix

(C.)

Respectfully submitted,

John Bellamy,

> E. Pulliam,

T. Marshal Geo. Tilftone,

7 J. Pulley,

HenJ Dickenson, S. Willoby,

S. Clark,

W. Manning,

J. Wallis,

W. Shafto,

Edw. Penw Ibbetson Fenton,

T. Read,

T. Bramftone,

Cha' Darney,

J. Kent,

J. Parke,

D. Sandy.

W. H. Thomas,

N°7. '

Report of the Wood farm Officers.

Honourable Sirs,

We have examined with the- greatest Attention the Plans of the Wet Docks at Wapping and the Iste of Dogs, with the Syftein proposed for the receiving and discharging the Cargoes of the West Indiamen, which

alone

N° 7.

Appendix

(C.)

V;

.1

I"

39 Geo. Ill:

alone are to be received into the latter: And as far'as relates to the Security of the Revenue, the Dogs

has, in our Opinion, a Preference; as we conceive no Dock intended for the promiscuous Reception of the Trade of this Port, can be rendered so safe as that which is to receive One Branch of Trade only, and which con-fills of so few, and those bulky Articles, which is the general Commerce of the West Ir.dies.

Respectfully submitted,

Wood farm Office, He my 'Tobin,

az May 1759- T.

N 8.

Report of the Surveyor for Sloops and Boats.

Honourable Sirs,

Having attentively read and considered the above Letter, and examined the Plans sent therewith, I humbly pray Leave to observe.

The Plan by the City of London, for making Wet Docks and a Cut through the Isle of Dogs, being fimi-lar to their former Plan on that Spot, if carried into Execution, would be very injurious to the Revenue, the River, and the Public in general, for the several Reasons Rated in my Report of the 7th June oh the City Plan, and the nth OElcber 1797, on Mr. Walker's Plans, to which I pray Leave to refer.

The Merchants Plan for making Wet Docks in ping, is an improved Modification of their former, by having greater Extension, and by altering the Entrance and Outlets.

I am therefore clearly of Opinion, the Plan by Mr. Ralph Walker, for making a Dock at Saint,

would be the moll eligible of any that have been produced, from its Locality to the CuRom House, Tobacco Warehouse, the East India Warehouses, and the City, and would be amply sufficient for the Trade of this Port, provided the River Thames is cleansed and regulated in the Manner Rated in my before-mentioned Reports.

Humbly submitted,

San/ Brown.

20th May 1799.

N' 8.

Id Appendix

(C.)

Report of the Surveyor for Sloops and Boats, alluded to in his Report of the 20th 1799.

Honourable Sirs,

1 have carefully examined Mr Walker's Plans

for erecting Wet Docks, and attentively read and con-lidered his Explanation and Reference thereto, and pray Leave to report,

The Plans for Docks, A. and B. are similar to the Merchants Plans for making Wet Docks in Wapping.

The Plan for making a Wet Dock at Saint Catherine's is, in my Opinion, the moR eligible, from its Locality to the City, CuRom House, and Tobacco Warehouses on Tower Hill. Here the Whole of the West , Wine, and Tobacco Ships might deliver their Cargoes; the Two former might be warchoulbd on the Quays or-taken to the Merchants, and the latter conveyed immediately to the King's Warehouse on Tower Hill, by which Means, there would be sufficient Room at the present Legal Quays for the Accommodation of every other Kind of Foreign Trade. This Dock may be made at Saint Catherine's at much less Expence than

any other which has been proposed by any other Person. 1

The Plan for making a Cut through the Isle of Dogs, if carried into Execution, would be very injurious to Vo l. 54.

the Revenue and fair Trader, because -in that Transit, Ships muR be near the Shore on each Side, and there fore would, be open to the Plunderer and Smuggler, as was more fully Rated in my Report on the Merchants Plan for making a Cut from to Wapping.

Mr. Walker's Plan for building a new Bridge in lieu of the present, would be of great Service to the River, for by a free Admission of the Flood there would be a greater Quantity of Water.to return by the Ebb, and thereby cleanse and deepen the Channel; the Water, would flow much higher up the River, and improve the Navigation; it would likewise remove the Dangers which now occur in pafEng through the present Bridge on th£ Ebb Tide.

Mr. Walker's Suggestion of putting the Thames Na-. vigation under the National Prete&ion, which, if adopted, I am satisfied would be the Means of increasing the Trade and Commerce of this Port, the River would be relieved of the present Number of Shoals, Banks, and ObRructions; Ships would be properly moored, and with the proposed Dock at Saint Catherine's there would be sufficient Room to deposit the whole Trade with Safety, without any Embankments, or making use of the Bridge Tard on the South. Side of the River, as has been proposed by the City.

Upon the Whole, I am decidedly of Opinion Mr. Walker'sPlan, for making a Wet Dock and Legal Quays at Saint Catherine's, is by far the moR eligible of any which have been presented to the Honpurable Committee of the House of Commons, and are the beR adapted to prevent Smuggling and Plunderage, and Security of the Revenue.

Humbly submitted.

London Dock Report Continued.

N° 8.

In Apptndix

C-'-i

7th June 1797.

Sam1 Brown.

Report of the Surveyor for Sloops and Boats, alluded to in his Report of the 20th May 1799.

Honourable Sirs,

I have carefully read and considered the Outline of Mr. Walker's Plan for the Improvement of the Port of London, and pray Leave to observe.

In my Report, dated the 7th of June laR, on Mr. Walker's Plans for making Wet Docks, I gave it as my Opinion, that that proposed to be made at Saint Catherine's was the moR eligible, on Account of its local Situation, isle. isle. to which Report I pray Leave to refer.

And I further pray Leave to observe, was the Thames Navigation put under the Direction of the Corporation of the Trinity House, it would be necessary for them to appoint Four able and experienced Men as Harbour MaRers, with adequate Salaries, whose Duty should be to regulate the River Thames from Gravefer.d to Chelsea, by causing all Ships and Vessels to be properly moored; clear the River of the great Number of Shoals, Banks, and other ObRructions, prevent Incroachments, determine Damages, isle. isle. To carry these Matters into Execution, the present Number of BallaR Lighters should be increased, the Soil raised by them may be landed at Wharfs on each Side of the River, where the Gravel might be fereened; the coarser Parts thereof might be loid for repairing the Turnpike Roads, and finer for BallaR, when the Ships may come to the Wharf to take it on board } the Mud on the Shores should be taken up and landed, and when dry might be taken away by the Farmers and Gardeners.

Thus by increasing the Depth of Water, and taking away the flat Shores Causeways, and other Obflruc-tions, there would be sufficient Room to moor Two thousand Sail of Ships and Vessels, in regular Tiers,

7 K. and

5§6

i° Junii.

A. 1799

N8 8.

In ApnendiX (C.)

London and with the great.eft Safety, from Smart's Quay to Bocks Report LimehouseHole on the North Side, and from Battle

anttmu Bridge to /Deptford Creek on the South Side, which would leave a complete Passage for Ships and Vessels to pass and repass without Obstruction. Were these Suggestions carried into Execution, I am confident the Plunderage and Smuggling, so long complained of, would in a great Degree be done away.

To defray the Expences which must necessarily arise in the above Business, I propose a (mail Tax upon all Ships and Vessels (except those employed in the Fisheries) to be collected every Voyage, similar to the Collection of the light Duties, which, together with the Sums produced on Account of Ballast, would bring sufficient to pay the Erpence.

The Wharfs at Saint Catherine's would, if made Legal Quays, add very much to the Dispatch of Business; and each Wharfinger should take regular Turns for landing Goods, and not for some of them to engross the greater Part of the Trade, as is the present Practice, by which Means Wet Docks may be dispensed with, which would give a greater Encouragement to that useful Body of Men, viz.Watermen and Lightermen, which is a grand Nursery for Seamen.

of all Trades and Descriptions, maybe received and lie in Safety; and it will contain near 400 Ships, which we conceive will at all Times and Seasons afford a ft effectual Relief to the River, whose Capacioufness, from the immense Increase of its Trade, is become inadequate thereto. Those Docks will be in the Center of Business, attended with less Risk and Expence, and greater'Dispatch in the Delivery of Ships. They are also convenient, and near to the Tobacco Warehouses and the Custom House. This Plan of the tapping Docks may be executed with or without the Canal, and it is generally understood that the Canal is suspended for the present.

Therefore, upon comparing and considering the Two Plans and their Descriptions (by your Honours Order) we are humbly of Opinion, that the Preference is much in Favour of the Wapping Docks.

Humbly submitted, (Signed)

2l& May 1799.

Rob Wejkett R. Croker.

Humbly submitted.

N°

10.

Ilth OQobcf 1797.

Sam1 Brown,

N 10.

I11 Appendix

Reference of the Board of Customs to the Land- ing Surveyors, dated 28th May 1799, and their Return of the same Date.

N 9. N 9-

ha Appendix

(c>) Report of the Inspectors of the River.

Honourable Sirs,

In obedience to your Reference of the 17th Instant herewith annexed, to consider the Two Plans for making Docks at Wapping, and the Isle of , we respectfully report. That in our former Reports from the Inspector's Office, we have fully entered into, and given our humble Opinions upon all the Plans that have been referred to the Inspectors of the River. Two of these Plans have engaged the Attention of Parliament j the Merchants Plan for making Wet Docks at and the Corporation's Plan for Docks for the West India Ships at the Iste of Dogs. In our First Report, j6th November 1795, on the Merchants Plan, we gave our impartial Opinion in Favour of the Utility and Prac« ticability of this Plan. And in a Report,- 26th March 1796, also from the Inspe<flor's Office, on the Corporation's Plan for erecting Wet Docks for the West India Ships at the ljleof Dogs, we humbly ftibmitted our Objections to that Plan. To these Two Reports we beg Leave to refer your Honours.

In this present Report we therefore conceive it will be necessary only to state some general Observations.

By the Iste of Dogs Plan it is proposed to take into that Dock only West India Ships. This we are of Opinion will be far from effectually remedying the Defects of the River arising from its crowded State, for wc have frequently remarked, that the River has been extremely crowded and confuted even when no India Ships have been in the River. Moreover we conceive, that the Distance from the Center and Seat of Business in the River is too great, and will be found very inconvenient. And with respect to those Ships, it has been said that few West India Ships come up above Deptford; but this is erroneous; for it is an undeniable Fact, that Four-Fifths of these Ships, the greatest Part of them of large Size, came up into the Pool last Year (dangerous as it was) where they discharged Inwards and loaded Outwards, and Ships of all other Trades do the fame, except East India Ships.

By the Merchants Plan (which is the original) for Docks at Wapping, not only West India Ships, but Ships

It being Rated in the Explanation of the Plan for Docks at the Isle of Dogs, that 46 Ships may discharge singly in the Dock at the same Time, without one lying alongside of another;

The Landing Surveyors are to report upon the Practicability of nrch Discharge, and what Number of Officers, and of what Descriptions, will be necessary to attend at the same Time, in order to the Safety of Revenue during the Discharge.

They are also to explain, as far as they are enabled, what they understand is to be the Nature of the proposed Building in the Center of the North Side, for the Accommodation of the Revenue and Dock Officers; to what Description of Officers, at what Times, and in what Way to be applied; referring to any Document or Authority they may have for making a Return to this Reference.

The Landing Surveyors are also to report, whether they have considered that Part of the India Trade Plan, which proposes that upon Ships entering the Docks, the Tide Waiters lfiall immediately be discharged therefrom, and the Vessels put under the joint Locks of the King and Merchants; and if so, in what Mode they apprehend this Business is to be conducted with Safety and Dispatch, and by what Officers, lb as not to interfere with the current Business of Discharge, &c. then conducing within the Docks.

They are also to Rate, what they understand by the Proposition for weighing Goods upon Landing, to be performed by the Servants of the Dock Company, except a Revenue Officer at each Scale, £sV. how far this is confident with the Practice of Weighing for the Ascertainment of Duties now and heretofore in Ule, or reconcileable with the System of due Guard on the Part of the Crown.

By Order of the Commissioners, a8th Hay 1799. Hume.

To be answered Today.

Honourable Sirs,

In obedience to your Honours Reference we respectfully report, That although 46 Ships may lay

alongside

Skipton, Okbeck, &c. Roads Bill, patted.

39 Geo. III. i 0 Junii.587

alongside the Lending Wharf in the Dock in the Isle of Dogs, we have not understood that so many are in-

tended to be discharged at one and the same Time, nor do we conceive that it would be necessary for the Dil-patch of Business, One Landing Waiter only will be i'ufficient for the Security of the Revenue to attend each Ship at the Time of her Discharge.

With respect to the Building intended to be erected in the Center of the North Side, for the Accommodation of the Revenue and Dock Officers, we understand it is to answer the Purpose of the Landing Waiter's Office at the Custom House, namely, to keep their Books in, and to tranlaft such official Duty as cannot at Times be performed at the Waterside.

We have maturely considered that Part of the India Trade Plan, which proposes that upon Ships entering the Docks the Tide Waiters shall be immediately discharged therefrom, and the Vessels put under the joint Locks of the King and Merchant; and the Mode we apprehend for conducting this Business with Safety and Dispatch is, that when the Ships are discharged of the Revenue Officers and their Crews, they are to be hauled into the Dock by the Servants of the Dock Company, who are to be und^r Oath and Security, which we humbly conceive will not interfere with the current Business of Discharge, then conducting within the Docks.

We understand the Proposition for weighing Goods upon Landing to be, that One Weigher is to Hand at each Scale to see the laborious Part of the Duty performed, namely, the placing the heavy Weights in the Scales by the Dock Servants, and he then weighing and calling the Weights to the Landing Waiter, as is the Practice at the Sufferance Wharfs, for the Ascertainment of the Duties, and which we deem consistent with the Safety of the Revenue.

Respectfully submitted,

L. Leitch.

W. Barton.

Reichenberg.

Landing Surveyor's Office, J. Loraine.

28th May 1799 Jlf Tilftone.

jy Garrett.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripott, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton -with , and from

thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to IV ether by, in the West Riding of the County of York, was' read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wet her by, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 54.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums paid for Discount on prompt Payments of the Loan and Lottery granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid to the Bank for receiving the Contributions to the Loan and Lottery granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Interest paid on Exchequer Bills granted for 1 he Service of the Year 1798.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Charges of preparing and drawing the Lottery granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Raw Linen Yarn, the Produce of the Territories of the King of , and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said‘Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itl'elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 8th Day of Aprillaft, " That there be laid before " this House, an Account of the Gross and Net " Amount of all the Taxes under the Management of " the Commissioners of Excise in the Counties of " Argyle, Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, and

" Orkney and Shetland, distinguishing each Tax and " County, for the Year 1786 and for the Year 1797; " and also, an Account of the above Duties from the " Year 1784 to the latest Period at which the Accounts " can be made up," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Amount of all the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in the Districts or Collections of Argyle North, Argyle South, Inverness, and Caithness, distinguishing each Tax and District, from the Year 1784 to the latest Period at which the same can be made up.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards exported, and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Exafe, ba now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titl<; be, An Act for allowing, until the Twenty-fourth Day

of

Account? ordered.

Discount on prompt Payments of 1.0411 and Lottery. Money paid to the Bank for receivmt-Contributions.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Charges of Lottery.

Committee on Linen Yarn Bill.

Committees to lit/

House resolves to adjourn to Wednesday.

Order for Account of Excise Duties in certain Counties in Scotland^ charged, and another ordered.

PfTchard Bounty, &c. Bill, patted.

Eall India Company's Recruiting Bill, deterred.

Walton Inclosure Bill, reported.

Payne'> Estate Bill, reported.

SS8 i°-«

of June One thousand Eight hundred and Five, a fur-

ther Bounty upon Pilchards exported, and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the lteign ot His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excite.

Ordered, That Mr. ilofedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and dehre their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to wrliom the Bill for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, was committed, be received upon W Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Lewis John Marie HouJJouHier, Esquire, and Trift, Spinster, an Infant, of divers Manors, Boroughs, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the farqe, without any Amendment.

Mercur'll^ 50 die Junii;

Anno 390 Georgii III,il Regis, 1799. Prayers.

MR. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Walton, in the Parish of in the County of

Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Oi:.ers of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and liad also given their Content to the adding a Commissioner to the other named in the Bill (except the Owner of 50 Acres of Open and Common Field Land, who re-fuied to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Open and Common Field Land to be inclosed contains 1,239 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to opposethe Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr John Pitt reported from the Committee, to w'hom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Simon Payne, Efi quire, and Hesler his Wife, in the County of in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of their unsettled Estates in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill w'as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, 1'hat Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath. agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Hyde Parker, Knight, with Anne Boleler his now Wife, and to enable him to many again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant June, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wk-nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel,' and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for more easily effectuating the Sale of Part of the Freehold Estates late of James Duberly, Esquire, deceased, and for applying the clear Monies to arile therefrom upon the Trulls of the: Marriage Settlements of his Five Daughters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bernard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,- at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to the new Church or Chapel of Cradley, in that Part of the Parish of Ilalefowen which lies in the County and Diocese of and for

other Purposes, w-as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to the new Chapel of Cradley, in that Part of the Parish of Halesowen which lies in the County and Diocese of Worcester, and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jekyllreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in Yard, in the

City of London, in the Trustees of the other settled' Estates of the Marquis of Laufdorvn, and the Right honourable John Henry Petty commonly called Earl of Wycombe, in Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from the Sale in the Manner therein directed, and for empowering the said Trustees of the said settled Estates, to apply the Monies arising from the Sale of any Part thereof in the Manner therein directed, and for discharging the said settled Estates from a Rent Charge of Five Hundred Pounds given to James'Petty, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, by the Will of

Henry,

Hafloul ier $ &cc. Partition Bill, reported.

Sir Hyde Parker's Di vorce Rill, committed *

Duberly' Estate Bill, committed.

Cnd!ev Chapel Bill, passed *

Marquis of Lantdown' Estate Bill, reported.

39 Geo. III.

Henry, formerly Earl of Shelburne, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jekyll do carry the Bill to the , Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

to the fame, without any Amendment.

&utfhStoke,d Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure Bill, the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open reported. and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste j^ands, within the Parishes of Houghton and South Stoke, in the County of SuJJ'ex, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one of the Proprietors of an undivided Estate in South Stoke, assessed to the Land Tax at £. i. 3J. per Annum, who could not be met with; and also, except the Vicar of entitled to about

Half an Acre of Property, assessed at 6 per Annum, who was not resident at his Living; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £.91. 11s. 4/ per; and that

no Person appeared before the Conrniittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

589

Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to ^daone '

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Road UiU, k--enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth ported.

Year of the Reign of Hispresent Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term " and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Ninth,

* and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and " enlarging the Road leading from the House called " The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret,

" in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein

" mentioned, in the County of Kent," was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ,severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Oraatchester and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other 1n0dfl^tg'i'1|In‘ Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, committed.' lying in the Parishes of Grantchester and Coton, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Geary, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Cooke (from Account of the Exchequer) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Bills, present -their Order, >

An Account of the Interest paid on Exchequer Bills granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Amount is as followeth; viz.

5° Junii.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Interest paid on Exchequer Bills granted for the Service of the Year 1791.

There has been issued out of the Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1798;

For Interest on £. 3,500,000, in Exchequer Bills, per Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 114. For Interest on £.3,000,000, in Exchequer Bills, per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 20. For Management ——

£. s. d. 176,276 17 e 33,094 8 6}

700 ——

Exchequer Bill Office,

5th June 1799.

Examined and certified.

W. Pollard, Comptr.

210,071 5 u|.

J. Planta.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Alcock (from the Gnmts^re.^ Treasury) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at fcntol'prC the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account, shewing how the Money given for the

Service of the Year 1798 has been disposed of; distin guished under the several Heads, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the estimated Surplus thereon, as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followe.th;

Vo l. 54.

7L

Act

59°

o

5 jum

A. 17 99.

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1798 has been Disposed of; distinguistied under the several Heads, and the Parts remaining un&tisfied. With the Estimated Surplus thereon, as far as the same can be made up.

SERVICES.

NAVY:

For Wages for 110,000 Men, including 20,000 Marines, for Thirteen Months ——

For Wages for 10,000 Additional Men, D° -For Victualling the said 120,000 Men — - D°

For Wear and Tear of Ships — -D° -For the Expence of the Transport Service, and for maintaining Prisoners of War in Health, for the Year 1798 -For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1798 -

Towards Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, ana Ordinary, for the Year 1798 -

J.

2,645,500

240.(00

2.964.000

4.680.000

1,200,000 — —

689,858 ip 7

- 639,530 — —

ORDNANCE:

For Ordnance, Sea Service, for 120,000 Men, for the Year

1798 - 390,000 — —

For Ordnance, Land Service, for die Year 1798 - 1,073,885 13 9

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land

Service, and not provided for, in 1796 - 5,726 (

For - - D° ----- -- - by the Office of Ordnanae for Land

Service, and not provided for, in 1797 - . - - 96,571 4.1°

For - - D° ----- by the Office of Ordnance for Sea

Service, and not provided for, in 1796 - - - 114 55 6

To enable the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an A&

34 Geo. III. for veiling certain Messuages. Lands, &c. in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works, in the Counties of Kent and Devon, and to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, as have been purchased for the Purposes of the said Act ----- -- 10,587 17 l!

To enable the Commissioners appointed f>y virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for revelling certain Lands, Tenements, 13c. in the County of Ken, in the former Proprietors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, to make Goippenfition for the Lois or Damage sustained by the Owners or Occupiers of Lands in the County of Kent, in consequence of an Act 34 Geo. I1L for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, in Trofbees, for better securing His Majesty's Batteries and other Works, in the Counties of Kent and Devon - 1,953 11 11

i SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid. Remains to be Paid. Estimated Surplus.

£. i. J ' d' £. i. J £ ' s.

- 13.05^.38 19 7 a 12,657,05913 7! 402,329 5 Uj

FORCES, fcfc.:

For defraying, the Charge 0/48,609 Effedlive Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commi ffioned Officers and Private Men, with the additional Allowance to Subaltern Officers, &c.; the Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Mailers, and Serjeants; from the 25th December 1797 to the 24th December 1798, both JT. /. d. inclusive - - - 1,699,450 7 3

For maintaining the Forces in the Plantations, including those serving in Gibraltar, in Portugal, and at The Cape of Good Hope, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the'Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, with the additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c.; the Charge of Clothing the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Riding Masters, and Serjeants; from the 25th December 1797 to the . 24th December 1798, both inclusive-

- 1,025,536 19 6

Carried up

- 3>724>9 7 6 9

1,693 580 6 1

1,628,653 6 3

64,926 19 10

(Continual)

39 Geo. III.

5° yunii.

591

Brought up

- >724 9 7

WL

f9

For defraying the Charge of the Difference between the British and lnjb Pay of Six Regiments of Foot, for Service Abroad, from the 25th December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both inclusive -For defraying the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of Recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from the 25th December 1797 to 24th Dc comber 1798, both inclusive -

For defraying the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, and of Extra Feed for the Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year 1798 -For the Pay of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and strfcy, for the Year 1798 -

For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia in South Britain, and of several Corps of Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, and the Islands of Scilly and Man, from the 25th of December 1797 to the 24th of December 1798, both inclusive -For defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain, for the Year 1798

For defraying the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia in South Britain, for the Year 1798 -For defraying the Charge of several Corps of Fencible Ca< Valry, for Sertice in Great Britain, from the 25th December 1797 10 24th December 1798, inclusive -For defraying the Charge of Extra Feed for the several Corps of Fencible Cavalry in Great Britain, for the Year

798....

For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, including the Officers of Independent Corps and draughted Regiments, from the 2cth December 1797 to 24th December 1798, both in efufive

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Ma jessy's Land Forces, to the Comraiflary General of thd Masters, the judge Advocate General, jto the Comptrol lets of the Accounts of the Army, and for the Amount of the Exchequer Fees to be paid by thfe Paymaster General, for the Year 1^98 -

For defraying the Charge of the increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to the Innkeepers and others, in quartering Soldiers, for the Year 1798 - > -

Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty'fe Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1798 - -

For defraying tie Charge of Allowances to the Privatd Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards Reduced,' and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Fotir Troop of Horse Guards, for the Year 1798 -

On Account of several Officers latfc in the Service of The States General, for the Year 1798 Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1798 -For defraying tie Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers tof His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1798 ——

To defray the Extraordinary Expences of the Arnjy, incurred and paid by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1796 to the 24th of December 1797, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament ——

For defraying thfe Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chel/ect Hospital, for the Year 1798 - - - - *

For defraying thfe Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, fop the Year 1798 ——

For defraying thfe Charge of Pen (ions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1798 For defraying thfe Charge of the Embodied Supplementary Militia, in the Year 1796 -

For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Provisional Cavalry, in Great Britain, in the Year 1798 -For defraying the Charge of the Volunteer Corps, in Great Britain, for the Year 1798 -

For defraying the Charges incurred or expelled to be incurred in the Barrack Mailer General's Department, in the Year 1798 -

For defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1798 -Towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army, for the Year 1798 -

SUMS SUMS Remains to be

Voted or Granted. Paid. Paid.

£ t. s' <1 £. t. 4.

78>m6 4 *

ao, 44 — ,

180,000 — __

89,743 19

M>7 »79 »° s

40,000 — ____

- 116,267 3 g

404, S70 4 ,

25,000 — _

33»4 3 3 io

- 108,582 14 10

140,000 — _____

163,874 16 g

* S 3 4

1,000 — ____.

7,500 -£ —

>.3SM9I

116,167

9

46,547 17 i»,9S4 >S

1,315,708 — —

- 130,000 — —

- 350,000 — —

S2©,7I7 — —

:e

- 226,083 11 5

- 3,200,000 — —

12,852,815 4 U

lJ»3S7«® 3 5 6

495 79 9

E dim a ted Surplus.

£. 4

VOL. 54.'

( Cent in tad)

592

5° Jun

A. 1799.

To enable His Majesty to take such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of His Enemies and as the Exigency of Affairs may require ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada in America, from 1 ft January to 31st December 1798 - -

Foe defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nava Scotia, from ift January to 31st December 1798

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Neva Brunswick, from the 24th June 1798 to 24th June 1799 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John in America, from the ift of January to 31st December 1798 -For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Istand of Cape Breton, from the 24th June 1798 to 24th June 1799 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of NevafostsMand, from the ift of April 1798 to the ift of April 1799 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama I Hands in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund and other incidental Expences attending the same from ift January to 31st December 1798 - -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Bermuda or Somers I {lands, from the 24th June 1798 to 24th June 1799 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica from ill January to 31st December 1798 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales from the 10th October 1797 to the 10th October 1798 -To be applied for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, for the Year 1798 -

To be applied in Payment of Pensions and Allowances to American Loyalists for the Year 1798 - - - - m -

To be applied for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad for the Year 1798 -To be applied in discharging Bills which are drawn and may be drawn from the Settlement of New South Wales for the Use of the same and which may become due in the Year 1798 -

For defraying the Expences of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home for the Year 1798 ——

To be applied in discharging Bills which may be drawn for the Repairsof the Pier and Light House at the Entrance of Douglas Harbour in the Isle of Man in the Year 1798 ——

For the Board of Agriculture for the Year 1798 -

For the Payment of the Principal and Interest thereupon that shall become due on or before 10th October 1798 on all the Orders made outpurfoam to an Act 30 Geo. Hi. for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Diflenftons in America To be employed in repairing, maintaining and supporring British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa ——

For the Governor and Company of Merchants trading into the Levant Sea to assist them in carrying on their Trade ——

To enable the Tru flees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament - -

For defraying the Charges of printing the Journals of the House of Commons of printing and delivering the Votes, and of printing Bills Reports and other Papers, which have been or shall be printed by Order of the said

House, for the Year 1798....

Fpr discharging the Balance due on Account of the Expences of His Majesty s Mint, for the Y'ear 1797 ——

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom in the Year 1796 -

Towards defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of the Alien Act, for the Year 1798 . - -....

For the Payment of Sums due to the several Artificers for Work done at Somerset Place, under the Direction of Sir William Chambers, and for Repairs immediately necessary to be performed there ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued out of His Majesty's Civil List, pursuant to Addresses ——

To make good to the Civil List the like Sum issued for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, in the Year ended the 5th January 1798 over and above the Sum granted in the lait Session of Parliament -

To make good the like Sum to the said Civil List which has been iflted to John Wilmot, Esq; et. al. for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, over and above the Sum granted by Parliament for Uiat Service for the Year 1797 ——

To make good the like Sum to D° which has been issued to William Pollock, Esq; for Payment of Expences arisen from the Execution of the Provsions of the Alien Act over and above the Sum granted by Parliament for that Service, for the Year 1797 ——

To make good the like Sum to D°, which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esq; to enable him to pay Bills drawn from the Settlement of New South Wales, which became due in the Year 1797# being the Excels of the Sum granted by Parliament for that Service ——

To make good the like Sum to D°, which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esq; to be by him paid to Samuel Reke and to Messrs. Jackson and Moser, for the Expences of ventilating and warming the House of Lords, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

SUMS V oted or Granted. SUMS Paid. Remains to be . Paid. Estimated Surplus.

v £ 1,000,000 — — £ A 1,000,000 — — £ ' ' £ ' »

7>, JO — — , 7,150 — —

5»9 S ~ — 5»9>S

4,550 4,550

1,900 — — 1,900 — —

1,840 — < — 1,840 — —

1,232 10 — 1,232 10 — -

4,100 — — 4,100 — —

580 . 586 — —

600 — — 300 — — 3 °

6.157 — 6,157 2 —

168,000 — — 157 45^ 9 - - - - 10 541 10 10

44,000 40,000 — — ..... 4,000 — —

150/300 — — 150,000 —

36.000 — — 22,489 4 — - - - 13 519 16 —

33 5 5 »7 3 33 3 5 7 3 _

2,5 0 — — 2,323 16 8 — — — 7 3

3,000 — — 3 >000 —

4 97 6 49,420 4 io| ' 55 7l

13 000 — — 13 000 — —

10 000 — — 10,000 — —

3,000 — — 3,000 — —

7,000 7 >000 — —

13,250 18 — 13,250 18 —

,0 4 — 9 2 024 — 9

,600 — — 2,600 — —

15/300 — — 15,000 — —

10,043 6 4 > '

38,322 7 6 - *

12/77 12 1

1,000 — —

17.073 1 5

282 17 6 \

( ContitwO

39 Geo. Ill

5P3

To make good the like Sum to the said Civil Lid, which has been issued to John Thomas Groves, Esq; for fitting up Two Houses for the Speaker of the House of Commons and the Serjeant at Arms, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum to D°, which has been issued to Htnry Barlow, Esq; His Majesty's Deputy Clerk of the Crown in the Court of King's Bench, as a Compensation for his Attendance at the House of Peers during t^e Trial of Warren Hastings, Esq; and which has not been made good by Parliament - -

To make good the like Sum to D°, which has been issued to Robert Hodson, Esq; as a Compensation for collecting Papers necessary to form an Appendix to the Minutes of the Evidence taken on the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esq; by Order of the House of Lords, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum to D®, which has been issued to George Rose, Esq; for Two Years Rent of the Parliament Office, and which has not been made good'by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum to D°, which has been issued to sundry Persons for Attendance on various Committees of the Houses of Lords and Commons in the Session of 1795-6, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum to D°, which has been issued to the Assignees of Mr. Richard Wballey Bridgman, late Clerk of the Grocers Company, for his Allowance for making up and publishing in the London Gazette Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Mufcavado Sugar, pursuant to an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for One Year, to the 18th June 1796, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum to D°, which has been issued to Mr, Robert Jupp ard other Architects, for making a Survey at Somerset Place, and which has not been made good by Parliament ——

To make good the like Sum to D°, which has been issued to Mr, John Soaney Architect, for defraying the Expences of Journies to Winchester to examine the State of the King's House there, and for making Estimates and Drawings of the necessary Repairs, and which has not been made good by Parliament -Towards defraying the Charge of printing the Journals of the House of Corn mons, of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons, and of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been or shall be printed by Order of the House of Commons, for the Year 1797. being the Excess beyond the Sum granted the last Session of Parliament Por the Excess beyond the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament towards defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convids at Home, for the Year 1797 -

To be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ——

For defraying the Charges of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1798 -To be applied in Support of an Institution called The Veterinary College Por defraying the Expence of a Pier on the East Side of Sutton Pool, and of completing the Pier on the West Side of the said Pool, for better securing the Town of Plymouth ——

To enable His Majesty to defray the Sums which the Commissioners, under the Seventh Article of the American Treaty, have awarded to be paid by the British Government, and the Expences attending the said Commission, to the 5th Day of July 1798 -

To be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them paid over to the several Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the Lottery granted for the Service of the Year 1798 -

SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid. Remains to be Paid ElVi mated Surplus.

£' £ d. £ £. «. d.

3,542 10 6

261 15 6 84,706 11 4

547 —

260 15 6

422 16 —

47a 17 — -

800 1 —

98 19 — J -

360 — 3 u OS 0 1 w

3.338 17 8i 3.338 17 8i

200,000 — — 200,000 — —

4.500 1.500 4,500 — I »500 — —

3.387 >3 3 1,000 — — 2,38713 3 r

38,516 l6 2| 38,516 16 a\ .

500,000 — m m - - 500,000 — —

30,028,798 4 lO 8,533,687 3 7J 1,466,873 11 — 28,237 10 s

PAYMENTS for other Serviced not being Part of the Supplies granted for the YcRfr

To Discount to the Contributors for Prompt Payments to Loan of £. 17,000,000 To Discount to the Contributors for Prompt Payments on Lottery 1798

To pay the Interest on £. 3,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, per Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 114.

To pay the Interest on^.3,000,000 in Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Loan of £.17,000,000, per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 20. and Management

To the Bank of England} in Reward for receiving and paying Contributions to £. 17,000,009, into the Exchequer, &r. ——

To - D - for receiving and paying Subscriptions to Lottery 1798 -

For the Charges and Expences of preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets and making out Certificates in lieu thereof ——

To John Par bill, Esq; Secretary to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers and Incidental Expences of the said Commission -To George Harrison, Esq; for Incidental Expences attending the Execution of the Act for the Sale of the Land Tax ——

To John Wilmot, Esq; for a Clerk employed on various Businesses and References relative to American Claims 4

t

VOL. 54. 7M

£ S. d. £ So d.

ai 1,299 5 11

491 6 8 211,791 % *

176,276 17 s

33 794 8 6 216,071 (

J

13.698 9 2

1,000 14.698

9 %

T. 9,700 — \

l l % 1 16 —

600 — —

121 11 6 7 6

£ 448.7«4 5

(Contimud)

5° Junii. 1799-

WAYS and MEANS for Answering the aforegoing Service^;

C /.

2,060,000 ----- ----- 4/. per Lib. on Land.

750,000 — — Doty on Male continued im 1791#

(A.) 667,916 13 4 By Lottery.

(B')i5>o°OtOOOO — — Being Part of £ 17,000,000 per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 37- and Exchequer Bills on Credit thereof, per Ad 38 Geo.llU Cap. 2a

62,755 10 — Sums pud into the Bank by the Receivers General of the Lahd Tax, in pursuance of an Act 3 j Geo. III. for railing Men for the Army and Navy.

3.000. 000 — By Exchequer Bilk, per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 8. on Aids 179B.

1.000. 000 — — D°.....per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap 90. on Aids 1799.

TBy the Produce of the Additional Duties on Customs and Tonnage of Shipping, granted per Act 38 Geo. I1L 1 Cap. 76. and

7,060^)00 — — < By D° of the Act for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, j>er Act 38 Geo. Ill I Cap. 16. and *

hL By Exchequer Bills, per Act 38 Geo HI. Cap. 84. on Credit of th£ Monies to arise by the said Acts.

£. 29 80,672 3 4

(A.)jC 167,916. 13. 4. Part of the above Sum of £-66ytgi6. 13. 4. raised by Lottefy, is applicable to the Services of f 798 i T^e remaining^. 500,000 being for Payment of the Prizes.

The SUMS undermentioned were also granted in 1798, but were not for the Services of the Year I

0

(B.) £. 2,000,000. Part of £. 17,000,000 raised per AS 38 Gta. III. Cap. 37. was for the Service of Inland.

3.500.000. In Exchequer Bills, raised per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 82. and applied to pay off the like Sam in Exchequer Bills.

per Act 37 Geo. III. Cap. 114.

3.000. 000. In Exchequer Bills, raised per Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 91. and applied to pay off the like Sum in Exchequer Bills,

per Ait 38 Geo. Ill, Cap. 8.

The Act 38 Geo. III. Cap. 83. authorized the ^raising^. 3,000,000 in Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Loan df £. 17,000,000; but the same were not raised.

To fetisfy the SUMS Unpaid, there remains in the Exchequer, and to be raised, as follows: »/ .

By the Produce of the Additional Duties on Customs, and Tonnage of Shipping, Voluntary Contributions, and , Assessed Taxes, applicable to Public Services 1798 ——

In Calli. of Contributions to a Lottery

In Contributions to Annuities, to £. 17,000,000 ——

£ r.

4J7.782 — 21,697 6

S8»79« 7

498,270 14

d.

uf

A

4-

6£

SUMS remaining to be paid as above -

PAYMENTS for Services, not being Part of the Supplies granted for the Year, as above SUMS remaining in the Exchequer, and to be raised, applicable to the Payment of Services 1798

£. s. d. -448,714 S 2i - 498,270 14 6|

£. s. d.

1,466,873 is. —

946,984 19 8£

DEFICIENCY of Ways and Means 1798

519,888

4

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 5th Day of June 1799.

Joseph

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for more effeifhiaHy amending, widening, improving, arid keeping in Repair, the Road from Gate/Jiead, in the County of Durham, to the Church

Lane, near Ryton-Inne-Head, and from t\\eBar-Moor to tht Hexham Turnpike Road, near DUflon , in the County of

1

Gaft&eadand Hexham Roads Bill, passed.

Petition for Leave to present a Petition for incorporating the Globe Insurance Office.

39 Geo. III. f Jmti. ,593

of Northumberland, and also feverarother Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the ltoad from Gateshead, in the County of to the Church

Lane, near Ryton-Lane-Head, and from the Bar-Moor

to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Di/ston Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and also several other Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the , Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in an intended Inilitution, to be called The Globe Insurance , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others are desirous of forming a new InRitution, to be called The Globe Itifurance Office, for granting Insurances on Lives, and for securing Annuities and Sums payable at future Periods, and for granting Insurances, against Loss or Damage by Fire; and that, in order to afford Solidity and Permanency to Friendly Societies established for railing, by voluntary Subscriptions from the Members thereof, separate Funds for the mutual Relief and Maintenance of the Members in Sickness, old Age, and Infirmity, and in order to assist other charitable and benevolent Institutions and Societies, formed for the Purpose of relieving, by voluntary Subscriptions and Benefactions, Widows, Orphans, and the Families of the Clergy and others, in distrelled Circumstances, the Petitioners are desirous that the said Establishtnent, to be called The Globe Itifurance , should be intrulled with the Disposition, Management, and Custody of the Monies, Effects, and Funds of such Friendly Societies and other charitable Institutions above mentioned, as shall be willing to appoint the intended Office to be their Treasurer, and to intrull their Monies, Effects, and Funds to the Disposal, Management, and Custody of the said Office, upon Condition that the Office shall allow Interest thereon, and shall become bound with sufficient Sureties for the just and faithful Execution of such Trull, and for rendering a true and just Account of such Trull, according to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations of such respective Friendly Societies and other charitable Institutions aforesaid, and shall, upon Demand made by the Society or other Inilitution to which the Office' is Treasurer, pay over all the Monies and Funds, or any Part thereof, intrulled to the said Office, and assign and transfer-or deliver all Securities, Effects, or Funds, to i'uch Person or Persons as any such Society or Institution shall appoint; and that the Petitioners are also desirous of affording Assistance to such Friendly Societies and other charitable Institutions as shall con-nest themselves with the said Insurance Office, by receiving from such Societies and Institutions Insurances for the Relief of the Members in the following Exigencies; viz. Funeral Expences Maintenance for Children, and Provision for old Age, and for Widows, according to the Rates and Tables of Insurances, which shall be adopted by the said Insurance Office; and that, for the Encouragement of Frugality among the labouring Clafl'es, and in order to promote the Happiness of Individuals, and at the same Time to diminish the Public Burthens occasioned by the Poor Rates, the Petitioners are desirous that a Branch of the said In-iurance Office should be appropriated to the Receipt of Deposits in Money from the industrious Clalfes, and that on such Deposits Interests should be allowed; and that, for these Purposes, the Petitioners are desirous that His Majesty should be empowered, by an Act of the Legislature, to grant a Charter of In-Vo l. 54.

corporation to the Petitioners, and others interested in the intended Office, for enabling them to raise a Capital Stock of £.500,000, within such Time, and by such Proportions, at a Time, and in I'uch Manner, as by the said Act or Charter shall be appointed, and that they should be authorized to grant Assurances on Lives, and Insurances against Fire, and to grant Annuities, and Sums payable at a future Period, at such Rates as may be agreed on between the Insurer and the Allured; and that, in order to render the intended Insurance Office beneficial to the Public, the Petitioners are willing that £.300,000, or Three-Fifths of the Capital Stock intended to be raised, shall be inverted in the Purchase of Land Tax ppon Houses, and that One Half of the net Profits (after paying the Annual Dividend of Five Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors, and all Expences attending the said Insurance Office) shall also be laid out in the Purchase of Land Tax on Houses, provided that when One Million (viz.' £. 300,000 Capital, and £.700,000 Profits) shall have been laid out in this Manner, no further Purchase of Land Tax shall be required, and provided that the Interest arising from Land Tax so purchased shall not be deemed to be Profits applicable to the future Purchase of Land Tax; and that the Petitioners have been unable, as well from the Want of certain Information with respect to the Arrangements respecting the Sale of the Land Tax, as from other unavoidable Delays, to complete the Formation of their Plan, and the Adjustment of such Tables and Calculations as were essential for the Establishment of the intended Insurance Office, so as to render it of Public Utility, before the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was expired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant a Charter of Incorporation to the Petitioners and others for establishing an Inilitution, to be called The Globe Insurance Office, for Insurance against Fire, for Life Assurances, for granting Annuities and Sums payable at a future Period, for providing for the Widows and Children of the Clergy, and for old or superannuated Clergymen, for affilling Friendly Societies, and for receiving Deposits in Money from industrious Clalfes and Individuals, and allowing Interest on such Deposits, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said several Persons.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in an intended Inilitution, to be called The Globe Insurance Office, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition; and Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant a Charter of Incorporation to the Petitioners and others for establishing an Inilitution, to be called The Globe Insurance Office, for Insurances against Fire, for Life Assurances, for granting Annuities and Sums payable at a future Period, for providing for the Widows and Children of the Clergy, and for old or superannuated Clergymen, for affilling Friendly Societies, and for receiving Deposits in Money from industrious ClalTes and Individuals, and allowing Interest on such Deposits, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet To-mor-

XQ'tt

Leave given;

Petition pre fentecL

Accounts ordered: Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Principal and Interest of J>.

Interest on Exchequer Bills, &c.

Expence of certain Offices.

Report from Select Committee on Reports respecting London Docks, further confi dered.

Report on again re-committed Over-feerg AfTistant Bill.

S96

O (V

5 Junit.

A. 1799.

row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, In the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power tq fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Interest paid on Exchequer Bills issued on the Credit of the Loan of Eighteen Millions, granted for the Service of the Year 1797.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums paid for Principal and Interest of certain Exchequer Bills, Part of the Vote of Credit 1796, and charged on Supplies 1797, for which no Provision has been made by Parliament.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Interest due to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on sundry Exchequer Bills, the Principal whereof has been discharged; and for Advances on Bills of Exchange, drawp on the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums paid out of the Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1798', for the Expences of the Office of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, of the Office for registering Contracts for Sale of the Land Tax, and for Business done relative to American Claims.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Select Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Reports of the Minutes of the Evidence taken by the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of and also by the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious', and for better regulating, the Port of London, were severally committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolution of the Committee is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bill for rendering more commodious, and fos better regulating, the Port of London, should be proceeded on without further Delay.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to- by the House.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 7th Day g nc£°rt of May last, was made from the Committee, to whom nutted, the said Bill was committed, be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House. being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Stanley, according to Order, reported from the l-inen Yi Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to feportei repeal the Duty, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Raw Linen Yam, the Produce of the Territories of the King of and imported

directly from thence into this Kingdom, and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate of the probable Amount of Bills to be Estimate of drawn from New South Wales, for Provisions, Stores,

Cattle, and other Necessaries, for the Use of that Set- South w^ies, tlement, and which may become due in the Year presented,-1799.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the probable Amount of Bills to be drawn from New South Wales, for Provisions, Cattle, Stores, and other Necessaries, for the Use of that Settlement, and which may become due in the Year 1799.

Twenty Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, 21st May 1799.

4

J. King,

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Allot, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Over-seers of tire Poor, was again re-committed; the Arnend-^meifts which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which" they had dire (fled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That M?. Hujk iffon do make the Report from salt India the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better recruiting the Forces of the East Com- Bd^repoiV pany, was committed. '

Mr HufiiJJonaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments

ATbricfpeTn cloi'ure Bill, polled.

Buke of Bedford's Elfctte Bill, reported, and passed.

Fnrl Faucon-' bergs Ed ate Bill, commit ' ted.

Committee on

Campbell's Divorce Bill.

39 Geo. III. 50 — 6(

ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Whfrrc the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, ujxrn the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroil'cd.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingross'ed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Watle Lands, lying and being within the Farish of in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 24. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " it" in Line 26.

And the said- Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Replied, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Farish of Axbridge, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dichinfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jiinii. 597

rjageof Charles Collins Campbell, Eftfuire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet Frafer his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne took the Chair of the Committee, _

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counl'el, and had in Part examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that Counsel also appeared, on the Fart of the said Harriet , against the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re Supply, defer-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- red‘ fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways ami resolve itself into a Comrfiittce of the whole House, to de *

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Bucks, entailed by the Will of John late Duke of Bedford, in Francis Duke of Bedford, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates in the said County of greater Value in lieu thereof, was committed.

Mr. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the same to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment. y

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower the Right honourable Henry Earl to charge his settled Estates, in the Counties of and C/ieJler, with the Sum of Fifteen Thouiiind Pounds,

in lieu of the Right of him the said Henry Earl Fauconberg, and the other Tenants for Life of the said Estates, to cut down Timber growing thereon, and to grant Building Leases of such Parts of the said settled Estates as are near or adjoining to the Town of clesfield, in the said County of Chester, and for veiling the Manor and other Hereditaments of and in Sutton in the Forefi, in the said County of 2'urk, other Part of

the said settled Estates, in Trustees, in Trull to fell the lame, and, out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, to difcjiarge the Incumbrances on the said settled Estates, was read a Second Timer'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lafedits, Mr. IVII berfcrce, See.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Mar-. Vot. 54. *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovisy 6° diejfu

Anno 39° Georgii III " Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

MR. Wilberforce Bird reported from the Commit- Petition for tee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, ,?co/£orLtllns whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of furanceoffk'e", themselves and others, interested in an intended Ip- reported, stitution, to be called The Globe Insurance Office, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appealed to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Francis Brodie being examined, said. That the Petitioners and others are desirous of forming the said Institu-tion, for granting Insurances on Lives, and for securing Annuities and Sums payable at future Periods, and for granting Insurances against Loss or Damage by Fire:

That, in order toafford Solidity and Permanency to Friendly Societies established for railing, by voluntary Sub-feriptions from the Members thereof, separate Funds for the mutual Relief and Maintenance of the Members in Sickness, old Age, and Infirmity; and in order to assist other charitable and benevolent Institutions and Societies, formed for the Purpose of relieving, by voluntary Subscriptions and Benefadlions, Widows, Orphans, and the Families of the Clergy and others, in distressed Circumstances, the Petitioners are desirous that the said Ellablillnnent should entrusted with the Disposition, Management, and Custody of the Monies, Efiedls, and Funds of such Friendly Societies, and other charitable Institutions above mentioned, as ! shall be willing to appoint the intended Office to be their Treasurer, and to intrull their Monies, Effects, and Funds to the Disposal, Management, and Custody of the said Office, upon Condition that the Office

7 N ' shall

59$

6" Juniu

A. 1799.

shall allow Interest thereon, arid flvall become bound, with l'ufficient Sureties, for the just and faithful Execution of such Trust, and for rendering a true and just Account of such Trust, according to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations of such respective Friendly Societies arid Other charitable Institutions aforesaid; and shall, upon Demand made by the Society, or other fnftitutlori to which the Office is Treasurer, pay over ill the Monies and Funds, or any Fart thereof, in-trusted to the said Office, and assign and transfer or deliver all Securities, Effects, ot Funds, to such Person or Persons as any such Society or Institution shall appoint: That the Petitioners are willing to afford Afliftanee to such Friendly Societies and other charitable Institutions sfc shall conned themselves with the said Insurance Office, by receiving from such Societies and Institutions Insurances for the Relief of the Members in the following Exigencies j Funeral Expences, Maintenance for Children, and Provision for old Age, and for Widows, according to the Rates and Tables of Info ranees, which shall be adopted by the said Insurance Office: That for the Encouragement of Frugality among the labouring ClaHes, and in order to promote the Happiness of Individuals, and at the same Time to diminish the Public Burthens Occasioned by the Poor Rates, the Petitioners are desirous that a Branch of the said Insurance Office should be appro pri&ted to the Receipt of Deposits in Money from the mdustrious Classes, and that on such Deposits Interest should be allowed. And the Witness being further examined, said, That for those Purposes the Petitioners are desirous that His Majesty should be empowered, by an Act of the Legislature, to grant a Charter of Interpolation to the Petitioners and others, interested in the intended Office, for enabling them to raise a Capital Stock of Five Hundred Thoilfand Pounds, within such Time, 'and by such Proportions, at a Time and in such Manner as by the said Act or Charter shall be appk>inted, and that they should be authorized to grant Assurances on Lives, and Inforances against Fire, ajjd to grant Annuities, and Sums payable ht a "future Period, at such Rates as may be agreed on between the ftlforer ‘and the Assured: That m Order to Wider the ihtended Insurance Office beneficial to the 'Pbbfic, the Petitioners are willing that Three Hundred Tficrufand Pounds, or Thiee-Fifths of the Capital Stock "intended to be raffed, shall be inverted in the Purchase "of Larid Tax upon Hcrufes, and that One-Half. of the; net Profits (after 'paying the Annual Dividend of Five Pounds per 'Centum to the Proprietors, and all Expences attending the said Insurance Office) shall a Mb be laid out in the Purchase of the Land Tax on Houses, provided that when One Million (viz. Three Hundred Thdu'fahd Pounds Capital, and Seven Hundred Thou-ftrnd Pounds Profits) mail have been laid out in this Manner, no further Purchase of Land Tax shall be required, arid provided that the Interest arising from Land Tax Fo purchased-shall not be deemed to be Profits applicable to the future Purchase of Land "Tat. Then,

Mr. Samuel 'Lifter being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

'Ordered^ That Leave be given'to bring in a Bill for incorporating, ‘by Charter, a Company, to be called The Globe Insurance Office, for Inforances on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for granting, pur-rihafing, and settling Annuities upon or for Lives, or on Survivorship, atld for granting Sums payable at fd-ture Periods, and for assisting Benefit or Friendly So--cieties, and other charitable Institutions, and providing for the inferior and 'indigent Clergy, and the Widows and "Children of the‘inferior and indigent Clergy, -and for the lower and labouring Classes of'Society: 'And that Mr. WHberforce the 'Lord Mayor of

\London, and Mr. Williams, do prepare, and‘bring m, the

‘w. - ....

6

A Message from the Lords, by Mr and Mu. The Lord *

Walker: - tuvCagreed®

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^cotcLCc''' to explain and amend the Laws relative to Colliers, ia Iiers ' that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,'An Act St. An<W«, for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for more effectually watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Hoi born, which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint the Martyr, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act samfordftor for the better and more effectual Relief and Employ- Bill, nient of the Poor in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk5 without any Amendment: And &llb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dunktldand for making and repairing the Road from Dunkeld to Kul4s CoupaY of Angus, by the Bridge of IJla, and the Road leading out of the Road between Dunkeld and Perth, to the Boat of Caputh, by or through the Village cf Stanley, in the County of Perth, to continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shotts, GW-for explaining and amending Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Levingftone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of goxv, and other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Road pith, &c. or -leading from Long Horseley Bar or Gate on the Poll kwds Bill. Road near the 1 own of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, arid from thence to Piercy'sOrofs, in the County of Northumberland, to continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for confer confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Whole Year Lands, Common lure.

Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords haw agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving several lotment Bill. Stinted Moors, Stinted Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Park and Forest of Wear dale, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Amendments made by their Lordships Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, J^3Amend-aritl metaling a certain Tract or Parcel of Common, ment to Waste, and Marsh Grounds, called Thornton Marsh, within she several Parishes of Poulton and Bifpkam, in -the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

- The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the naturalizing Philipp Fredrick Bekrends; to which the trends Nat. Lords desire the-Concurrence of this House: And Bill, also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Aftffo Boiler Di-dissolve the Marriage of John Buller, of Calcutta, in, the Torce Wi. Province of Bengal, in the Raft Indies, Esqriire/with 'Eliza Catharine Wiggens his now "Wife, -and to'enable. him to marry-again,'and for bther Purposes therein

tnehtidned;

39 Geo. III. r jtumi. 599

mentioned; to which the Lords dc-fire the Cpncurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, ou^reported. to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Free- ' holders, and others, in the County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of tire House, relative 0 Turnpike Bills, had been complied with 1 and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and h d directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read 5 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George Vernatt, Esquire, being examined, said, That the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Gheadle by Pott Shaw House,

and Alveton, to the and Road at

QuickjhilI Bank, and also, the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxetor Road at Bears , through IVi thing ton Foie and Holling to in the County of Stafford, would be of considerable Benefit and Convenience to all Persons residing or having Estates in that Part of the Country, and will also be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadle, through Alveton, to the Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near hill Bank; and also, the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Bears Brook through fhliington, to the said Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near the Chur net Bridge at in the County of Stafford: And that Sir Edward Littleton end Sir John H'rettesley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fampi'foH General Adeaite repotted from the -Committee, to y^cB!lT» whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing and Kpot -laving in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields,

Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pampifford, in the County of Cambridge, was committed } That-the Committee had examined, and found that-the Standing -Orders of the House,' relative to Bills of Inclosure, Lad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned -had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of-Estates assessed to the Poors Rate at £6. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Owners of Estates assessed at -166, -who could not be met with; and that the whole Property of Peffons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Poors Rate at £.855; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qudftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Pttirion7 The'House was moved, That the Petition of Edward aTiftftG'ant Lilley, Gentleman, being beneficially possessed of, or CotowYncio- entitled to, certain Messuages, Clolcs, Lands, Tene-sure Bin, r»- ments, and Hereditaments, in , in the

Coinifcfor- County of Cambridge, by virtue of "Two several Inden-

4eit4. Vol. 54-

tures of Lease, granted to him by the Proyoft and Scholars of King's College, in the University of

and of the other Persons, whole Names are thereuntq subscribed. Proprietor^ of Messuages, Closes, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Grantchester ftbre-said, and in Coion, in the said County of Cambridge which was presented to the House upon last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, ana other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parishes of Gtantchester and Colon, in the County of Cambridge, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Agent, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit Ordered, That it be an Instructiop to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to tht Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing ftoughtonud the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, stok Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of pjfta.1 1 1 Houghton and South Stoke, in the County of Sussex, wAs read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paftuces, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Houghton and South Stoke, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Boucherettreported from the Committee, to Sill to ameni

whom thfe Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty- Althorpe in-.fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for *

.dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common, in the Township of Althorpe, in the county of,

and for draining the fame, and certain inclpfed Lands, . within the said Township, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Party com cerned had given his Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and "made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after *

-wardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, London tv-to whom the Bill for regulating the Rates Of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers and other Persons, within Bill^reported. the Cities of London and IVJlminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, was re-pommitted;

That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b« ingrafted,

Orderfd,

British Mule um Petition.

linen Yam Bill, parted.

Bill refecting Forfeitures for High Treason, committed.

600 o Junii, 1799.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read the Third Time upon TuesdayMorning, next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

A Petition of the Trustees of the British was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt , Mailer

of Arts, and One of the said Trustees, hath bequeathed to the Trustees of the British Museum, and their Successors, a very valuable Collection of Books, Drawings, and Prints, and all'o of Gems, Coins, Medals, and Specimens of Natural History, together with the Cabinets in which the same are contained, all which Articles have been collected with the greatest Care and Judgment, and at an Expence amounting to a very considerable Sum; and that, by an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of " Personal Estates, and granting other Duties thereon " in certain Cafes," the said Legacy is made subject to a Duty, which the Petitioners have no Means of dif-charging: And therefore praying. That they may be enabled to accept the said valuable Legacy, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as.it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Annejley, Mr. Bankes, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Raw Linen Yarn, the Produce of the Territories of the King of Prussia, and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal the Duty granted by an Act of the -last Session of Parliament on Raw Linen Yam, the Produce of the Territories of the King of Prussia, and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, and , for charging another Duty in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and all'o so; much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons, was, according to Order, read a Second

rr *

1 line.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the-Sum wanting to complete the Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1797.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to

Order, a. Bill for placing the Salaries of the Sheriff Deputes and iSubstitutes of Scotland upon the Scots Civil List Establishment: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Suffis paid for Discount on prompt Payments of the Loan and Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1798: And also,

An Account of the Money paid to the Bank for receiving- the Contributions to the Loan and Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1798: And all'o,

An Account of the Charges of preparing and drawing the Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1798: And all'o.

An Account of the Interest paid on Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Loan of Eighteen Millions granted for the Service of the Year 1797: And also.

An Account of the Sums paid for Principal and Interest of certain Exchequer Bills, Part of the Vote of Credit 1796, and charged on Supplies 1797, for which no Provision has been made by. Parliament: And also.

An Account of Interest due to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on l'undry Exchequer Bills, the Principal whereof has been discharged; and for Advances on Bills of Exchange, drawn on the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury: And also.

An Account of the Sums paid out of the Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1798, for the Expences of the Office of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, of the Office for registering. Contrails for Sale of the Land Tax, and for Bufinel's done relative to American Claims: And-also,

An Account of the Sum wanting to complete the Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1797.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of the Sums paid for Discount on Prompt Payments of the Loan and Lottery, granted

for the Service of the Year 1798.

Discount on Prompt Payments of the Loan Discount on Prompt Payments of the Lottery ‘ - 1-211,299 491 s. d. x5 " 6 S

* £- 211,791 2 7

IVkiteJuil!) Treasury Clumbers, 5th June 1799. George Rest.

An

Account of Sum to complete the Supplies of 179 7, ordered.

Scotch Sheriffs Salaries Bill, presented.

Accounts‘pit iented. Discount on Prompt Payments of Loan and Lot tery.

Money paid to the Bank for receiving Contributions.

Charges of Lottery.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Principal and interest of D.

Interest on D *

Expences of certain Offices.

Sum to complete the Supplies of 1797 *

39 Geo. III. 6a Juniu 6ot

An ACCOUNT of the Money paid to the Bank for receiving the Contributions to the Loan and

Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

Paid to the Bank for receiving the Contributions to the Loan t Paid to the Bank for receiving the Contributions to the "Lottery £. 13,698 9 2 1,000

£- 14,698 9 2

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 5th June 1799.

An ACCOUNT of the Charges of preparing and drawing the Lottery, granted for the Service of

the Year 1798.

Paid for Charges of preparing and drawing Lottery Remains to be paid for D° - - - . - £ s. d. 9,700 — — 2,500 1

12,200 V

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 5th June 1799. George Rose. . air.- s ==

An ACCOUNT of the Interest paid on Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Loan of Eighteen

Millions, granted for the Service of the Year 1797.

Amount of the Interest paid

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

5th June 1799.

£.114,037 16 3 f

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums paid for Principal and Interest of certain Exchequer Bills, Part of the Vote of Credit 1796, and charged on Supplies 1797, for which no Provision has been made by Parliament.

£ s.

Amount of Principal paid 141,800

Amount of Interest paid . - - - - 11,348 10 7

- 153,148 10 7

Whitehall,'Treasury Chambers, £th June 1799.

George Rose.

Vo t. SAf

7o

An

6 02

A. 17 99.

6° >#«.

An ACCOUNT of Interest due to the Governor and Company of the Bank, of England on sundry Exchequer Dills, the Principal whereof has been discharged, and for Advances on Bills of Exchange drawn on the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

On £. 1,500,000 Further Supply, 1795 - . -

2.500.000 Vote of Credit, 1795 -

2,500)000 Consolidated Fund, 1795 -

2.500.000 Vote of Credit, 1796 - -

1.600.000 Lent on the Credit of the Consolidated Fund, 1796

£. s.

66,301 7 4

85»939 9 5

6$>352 3 —

44,896 8 8

73,694 18 4

Interest on sundry Advances to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury - -

Arrears of Premium for circulating Exchequer Bills on Land and Malt, from 4th November 1794 to 4th November 1795 Interest on Advances for Treasury Bills of Exchange to 10th February 1798 -D - - on £. 147,460 Exchequer Bills of the Vote of Credit 1796, purchased

336,184 16 9

4,806 11 4

418 17 —

210,324 9 7

9,987 11 7

Towards Payment whereof there remains of Supplies 1796 -

561,722 6 3

95,962 9 3 -

Remains to be provided for

I-

465,759 16 II;

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 5th Day of June 1799.

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums paid out of the Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1798, for the Expences of the Office of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, of the Office for registering Contrails for Sale of the Land Tax, and for Business done relative to American Claims.

To John Far/ii/l, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of the said Commission To George Harrison, Esq. for Incidental Expences attending the Execution of the Act for the Sale of the Land Tax ——

To John Wilmot, Esq. for a Clerk employed on various Businesses and References relative to American Claims ——

C d.

1,731 16 — ,

606 ——

121 11 6

2.453 7 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

5th June 1799. George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum wanting to complete the Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1797.

The Sum wanting is - - - - 35,990 9 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

6th June 1799. George Rose.

Ordered,

39 Geo. III. 6° Junii.

P„l»fc«-V TV,

vorte Bill, read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John of Calcutta, in

the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Esquire, with Eliza Catherine IViggens, his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

gagements, and to take such Measures, as may be best adapted to the Exigency of Affairs, and moll likely, by continued Perseverance and Vigour, to complete the general Deliverance of Europe from the insupportable Tyranny of the French Republic. G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

East India Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Company's Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for better recruit-BUi,rpallid, ing the Forces of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Hujhijfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kino's Mcf- Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That he lagtMeiative had a Meflligc from His Majesty to this House, signed Rulfaat&<rith ky His Majesty j and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followed); viz.

GEORGE R.

I lis Majesty thinks proper to acquaint this House, that He had, some Time ficce, concluded an eventual Engagement with His Good Brother and Ally the Emperor of Rnffia, for employing Forty-five Thousand Men against the Common Enemy, in such Manner as the State of Affairs in Europe at that Period appeared to render moll advantageous. The Change of Circumstances which has sincearifen having rendered a different Application of that Force more desirable, His Majesty has recently had the Satisfaction to learn that the Views of the Emperor of Russia, in that Respect, are entirely conformable to His own. But His Majesty has not yet received any Account that the formal Engagements to that Effect have been regularly concluded: He has, however, the Satisfaction of knowing that the same Promptityde and Zeal in Support of the Common Cause, which His Ally has already manifested in a Manner so honourable to himself, and l'o signally beneficial to Europe, have, induced him already to put this Army in Motion towards the Place of its Destination, as now ' settled by mutual Consent. His Majesty therefore thinks it right to acquaint the House of Commons, that the pecuniary Conditions of this Treaty will oblige H is Majesty to pay the Sum of Two Hundred and Twenty-five Thousand Pounds, in stipulated Instalments, as Preparation Money, and to pay a Monthly Subsidy of Seventy-five Thousand Pounds, as well as to engage for a farther Payment at the Rate of Thirty-seven Thousand Five Hundred Pounds per Month, which Payment is not to take place till after the Con-elusion of a Peace made by common Chnfent.

His Majesty relies on the Zeal and Public Spirit of His faithful Commons, to enable Him to make good these Engagements: And His Majesty, being desirous of continuing to afford the necessary Succours to His Ally the Queen of Portugal, as well as to give timely and effectual Assistance at this important Conjuncture to the Swiss Cantons, for the Recovery of their ancient 'Liberty and Independence, and to make every other Exertion for improving, to the utmost, the signal Advantages which, by the Blessing of God, have attended the Operations of the Combined Arms on the Continent since the Commencement of the present Campaign j recommends it also to the House of Commons, to enable His Majesty to enter into such farther En-

VOJL. 54.

A Petition of William Ashforof Walworth, in the County of Surrey, Thomas Parry, of Newington, in the said County, Thomas Hodgson, Executor of James Rich-dale, of Lambeth Street, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and Richard Dicof the Ordnance

Office, in the Tower of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Robert Reeves, late of Walworth, in the County of Surrey, Stockbroker, purchased a considerableSum in the Loan of£. 7,500,000, for the Service of the Year 1796, upon which the First Payment of £. 10. per Cent, had been regularly made; and that the said Robert Reeves, neglecting to make the subsequent Payments upon the Sum he held in the said Loan, the First Payments became forfeited, but the Scrip Receipts remained in his Possession; and that the said Robert Reeves having transacted Business for the Petitioners as a Stockbroker, they had great Confidence in him, and, upon a Deposit of Scrip Receipts of the said Loan appearing to be paid up in full, they advanced him the following Sums in Calli and Stock — William Ashforth, £.4,406. 5 in Calli; Thomas Parry, £.4,000. Three per Cent, Annuities, £.3,000. Five per Cent. Annuities, and £.615. in Cash; James £.6,427. in Calli; Richard £.2,100. Three

per Cent. Annuities, and £ .358. Five per Cent. Annuities; and that the Scrip Receipts deposited with the Petitioners were as follow — William Ashforth, £.8,400. Three per Cents, on which £.840. had been paid for the First Payment; Thomas Parry, J. 9,800. Three per Cents. on which £.980. had been paid for the First Payment; James Richdaie, £.9,600. Three per Cent. Consols, and £.4,000. Three per Cent. Reduced, on which £.1,360. had been paid for the First Payment; Richard Dickin-Jon, £.3,325. Three per Cent. Consols, on which £.332. had been paid for the First Payment; and that, in the latter End of October 1797, it was discoverqd that the said Robert Reeves had forged all the Receipts deposited with the Petitioners, except that for the First Payment on each Receipt, and he was apprehended, and has since been tried, convicted, and executed, for the said Forgery; and that the Petitioners afforded all the Assistance in their Power to the Bank of England in prosecuting and convicting the said Robert Reeves; and that the First Payments actually made upon the Scrip Receipts, so deposited with the Petitioners as aforesaid, amounted to £. 2,512. and the same has been forfeited to Government in consequence of the subsequent Payments not having been made; and that the Petitioners, some Time ago, preferred their Petition to the Lords of His Majesty's Treasury, praying that the said First Payments, so forfeited as aforesaid, might be paid to them, and their Lordfships have caused the Petitioners to be informed, that, upon their presenting a Petition to the House, praying for such Relief as aforesaid, the Right honourable the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer was authorized to signify His Majesty's Assent thereto; and that the Petitioners received this Information from, the Lords of the Treasury after the Time allowed by the House for presenting Private Petitions, and they cannot therefore present their Petition for Relief without Permission of the House for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That the House will give them Permission to present a Petition, praying the House to authorize the Payment to the Petitioners of the Amount of the First Payments on the said Scrip Receipts so for-2, feited

Nfr

I.ea

1

6° Junii. 1799-

Leave given.

Petition pre-ienteiL

feited to Government as aforesaid, or that they will grant to the Petitioners such other Relief as shall be deemed just and equitable.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstancds set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, a3 desired by the said William Ashforth and others.

Then a Petition of William Ashforth, of Walworth, in the County of Surrey, Thomas Parry, of Newington, in the said County, Thomas Hodgson, Executor of James Richda/e, of Lambeth Street, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and Richard Dickinson, of the Ordnance Office, in the Tower of London, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Secretary Dundas (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That Robert Reeves, late of Walworth, in the County of Surrey, Stockbroker, purchased a considerable Sum in the Loan of £.7,500,000, for the Service of the Year 1796, upon which the First Payment of £.10. per Cent, had been regularly made; and that the said Robert Reeves, neglecting to make the subsequent Payments upon the Sum he held in the said Loan, the First Payments became forfeited, but the Scrip Receipts remained in his Possession; and that the said Robert Reeves having transacted Business for the Petitioners as a Stockbroker, they had great Confidence in him, and,

upon a Deposit of Scrip Receipts of the said Loan appearing to be paid up in full, they advanced. him the . following Sums in Cash and Stock — William Ashforth, £.4,406. 5J. in Cash j Thomas Parry, £.4,000. Three per Cent. Annuities, £.3,006. Five per Cent. Annuities, and £.615. in Cash; James Richdale, £. 6,447. in Cash; Richard Dickinson, £.2,100. Three per Cent. Annuities, and £.558. Five per Cent.Annuities; and that the Scrip . Receipts deposited with the Petitioners were as follow — William Ashforth, £. 8,400. Three per Cents, on which £. 840. had been paid for the First Payment; Thomas Parry, £.9,800. Three perCents, on which £.980. had been paid for the First Payment; James Richdale, £.9,600. Three per Cent. Consols, and £.4,000. Three per Cent. Reduced, on which £.1,360. had been paid for the First Payment; Richard Dickinson, £ 3 325. Three per Cent. Consols, on which £.332. had been paid for the First Payment; and that, in the latter End of October 1797, it was discovered that the said Robert Reeves had forged all the Receipts deposited with the Petitioners, except that for the First Payment on each Receipt, and he was apprehended, and has since been tried, convicted, and executed, for the said Forgery; and, upon searching his House, a Number of other Scrip Receipts of the said Loan were found, on which the First Payment liad been made, and the same are now in the Possession of the Solicitors for the Brnk of . England; and that the Petitioners afforded all the Af-liftance in their Power to the Bank of England in pro-

- fecuting and convicting the said Robert Reeves; and that the Sums of Money obtained by the said Robert Reeves, from the Petitioners, was acquired by them in the Course of a great many Years Labour and Industry in Trade, and', being all the Property the Petitioners had realized, they are now reduced to great Distress; and that the First Payments actually made upon the Scrip

Receipts, so deposited with the Petitioners as aforesaid, amounted to £.2,512. and the First Payments on the Scrip Receipts, found in the House of the said Robert . Reeves, amounted to £.1,916. nr. making in the Whole £.4,428. 11 s.and which Sum has been paid by the said Robert Reeves out of the Petitioners Money,

and has been forfeited to Government in consequence of the subsequent Payments not having been made: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and authorize the Payment to them of the said Sum of £.4,428. nr. the Amount of the First Payments on all the said Scrip Receipts or grant to the Petitioners such other Relief as shall be deemed just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, the Lord Mayor of London, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Reduction of the Militia Forces at the Time and in the Manner therein to be limited, and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Huf-kijfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Millwright Business, and to enable the Magistrates to regulate their Wages within the Limits therein mentioned, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen Millwrights working within the Me-. tropolis, and Twenty-five Miles round the fame, which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of May last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Report be taken into further Consideration: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Then the House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be now called in;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being l'everally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of Monies issued at the Exchequer out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

1.

A#

Militia Re *

duftion, ScC. Bill, ordered.

Report of

Millwrights Bill, further considered.

Counsel ordered on Petition of Journeymen Millwrights,

Account of Monies issued out of Civil List, prefcated.

39 Geo. III.

6° Junii.

> An ACCOUNT of Monies issued it the Exchequer, out of Mis Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and whicE,

have not been made good by Parliament.

To His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, incurred in the Year ended the 5th January 1799, over and above the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament for the said Service - - . - - - - .

To William Pollock, Esq; for Payment of Expences arisen from the Execution of the Alien Act, over arid above the Sum granted by Parliament for that Service for the Year 1798 - - . ——

To Thomas Evance and Thomas Brodie, Esquires, who were appointed to complete the Index to the Lords Journals - - .-

To sundry Officers of the House of Commons, for their Attendance on Committees of the said House -

To Joseph White, Esq; for the Purchase of the old Gaol in the County of Surrey, for the Purpose of converting the same into a Court and Prison for the Marshalsea -

To Henry Nettle/hip, Clerk to the Grocer's Company, for his Allowance for making up and publishing, in the London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Mufco-vado Sugar, pursuant to an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for Two Years, to the 18th June 1798, and for the Expence of Advertisements, Office Rent, Clerks, and other Charges ——

To William Chinnery, Esq; for the Purchase of an Instrument for measuring Altitudes, for the Commissioners appointed to ascertain the Identity and Locality of Saint Croix

To D° ----- for Disbursements on Account of the Settlement at New South i-

To Bernard Cobbe, Esq; for additional Allowances to the Clerks, and Salaries to additional Clerks in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, from the 5th July 1798, to the 5th April 1799 ——

To Joseph Baldwin, Esq; Deputy Clerk of the Crowri in the Court of Chancery, as a Compensation for his Attendance, in the House of Peers, on the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esq; " To James Wyatt, Esq; for Expences of Alterations at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons - -

To Samuel Wyatt and John Cary, for making a Survey of th of Dogs, and several Plans and Estimates of the Docks, and other Works, in consequence of a Bill for forming Wet Docks at the Port of London, and for attending the Committee of the House of Commons thereon, and for executing Copper Plates of the said Plans -

For Expencesattending the Parliament Office - -

For the Purchase of Sir John Edens House, for an Office of One of His Majesty's Secretaries of State - - - . - - - .

To pay the Expence of the Police Office in Wapping -

To the Reverend John Pridden, employed to complete Index to Rolls of Parliament - .

To the Solicitor Of the Mint, to enable him to defray Extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1799 ——

To John Stock dale, for engraving and printing Plans for the Committee of the House of Common , on the London Port Bill - - - - t -

jC- d-

20,50 2 —

>45° 7 4 869 18 — 909 13 6

4,214 12 —

897 6 — *

97 9 " 529 12 —

r *

2,762 15 — 261 15 6

849 16 3I

294 — 9

412 9 16

7.878 3 —

1,437 6 6

1,086 ——

300 ——

"7 3 ~

45,870 7 8i

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, 6th June 1799.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sindatl Magna Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do' rrlake the Report Bill, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, rejH«cd. allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, undivided Inclosures, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Townships of Sandall Magna, Walton, arid Crigglestone, in the Parish of Sandall Magna, in the West Riding of the County of York, wai committed.

Mr. Wilberforce accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned Jiad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Property ratec( Vol. 54.

Charles Long.

to the Land Tax at £.16: tis. old. per Annum, whd refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Property entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed is rated to the Land Tax at £.315. 3 . 6</. j and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gon® through th? frill, and made several Amendments there unto, which, they had directed to be reported to the House;. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lords Amend-

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ments to Har-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

7 P Ari agreed to.

6b6

6° — 7'

1.

L

6.

8.

9 *

An Act for dividing allotting, and inclosing thft Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Harworth, in the County of Nottingham.

And the said_ Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1 6.1.13. After said" insert " Manor," and in the same Line, leave out " and and insert " or."

Pr. 36.1. 2. Leave out from " Tythes" to " are" in Line 4.

Leave out " Easter Dues, and."

Leave out " and."

After " Fees" infort " and " Offerings."

1. 22. Leave out " Easter Offerings."

1. 29. Leave out " and Easter Offerings."

Pr.39.1. 13. Leave out "and" and in the same Line, after " Fees" insert " or " Easter Offerings."

Pr.42. 1.33. Leave out " Easter Dues, and."

I.37. Leave out "and" and in the same Line, after " Fees " insert " and " Easter Offerings."

Pr. 43.1. 24. Leave out " such Easter Dues, and." Pr.45.1.18. Leave out "and" and in the same Line, after " Fees" insert " and " Easter Offerings."

Pr. 46. 1.10. Leave out " Easter Dues, and."

1.12. Leave out " and." i. 13. After " Fees" insert " and Easter " Offerings."

Pr. 47.1. eft Leave out " such Easter Dues, and." Pr. 50. L 13. Leave out "and" and in the same Line, after " Mortuaries" insert " and Easter Offerings."

Pr. 52.1.37. Leave out from " Arrear " to " and" in Press 53. Line 10.

Pr. 89.1.x 7. After " direct" insert " provided " that such Land Owners whose " Tythes shall be commuted to " Corn Rents, shall contribute to " no Part of the Expence of passing " and executing this Act, except " that which relates to such Tythes, " and their proportionate Part " thereof."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrcpont do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Committee oft Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Report from night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Secrecy^de-0 House, to consider further of the Report from the Com-ferred. mittee of Secrecy.

Campbell Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

deferred. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to difl'olve the Marriage of Charles Collins Campbell, Esquire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet Frafter his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris t 70 die;

Anno 39 Georgii III " Regis, 179

Prayers.

4

THE House was moved. That t the Petition of William Aftforth, of IValworth, in the County of Surrey, Thomas Parry, of Newington, in the said County, Thomas Hodgson, Executor of James Rich dale, of Lambeth

Street, Whitechapel, in the County of Midd/eftex, and Richard Dickinfton, of the Ordnance Office, in the Tower of London, which was Yesterday presented to the House, praying for Leave to present a Petition respecting certain Scrip Receipts forfeited to Government, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the other Petition of the same Persons, which was Yesterday presented to the House, is referred.. *

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing „ the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wades, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping iri Repair, the Road leading from Cheadle, through Alveton, to the Uttoxete and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near Quickshill Bank; and also, the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Bears Brook, through Hollington, to the said Uttoxeter and AfthbomeTurnpike Road, at or near the Churnet Bridge at Rocester, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce Bird reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Wages, and the Prices for Work, to be paid in the Ribbon Manufactory within the City and County of the City of Coventry, and within the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the JurisdiCUon, of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding the

Quarter Sessione of the Peace, and transacting the other

Public

Mr. Act. forth's, Scci Petition for Leave to present a Petition, read again, and referred.

Carlton ctftti

Willingham InclolUre BUI, passed.

Cheadle, &c. Roads Bill, presented.

Ribbon Mj nufa&nren Bill, reported.

Westminster Court House Bill, present-

39 Geo. III.

7 Junii.

607

Public Business of the said City and Liberty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to amend An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the etofur^Aa" Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, passed. '. for dividing and inclosing «the Open Fields and Common in the Township of Altin the County of and for draining the fame, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common in the Township of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the fame, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township.

Ordered, That Mr. Boucherett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

lyddington. Sir William Lowther reported from the Committee, Biu/reported. to w'hom the Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Lyddingtonwith Caldecott and Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and also a Common or Waste within the same bounty, called Uppingham Brand, and for extinguishing ah. the Tythes arising within the same Parishes, and all the Oeer Browse.and Rights of Common upon Beaumont Chace, in the same County, and making a Compensation for such Tythes and Common Rights respectively, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 202 Acres and 3 Roods of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owner of 6 Acres, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed consists of 3,281 Acres and 3 Roods, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 'I'able: . Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ‘

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Thoroton't Aa ingrafted Bill from the Lords', intituled, An Act Divorce Bill, to dissolve the Marriage of John Thoroton, Clerk, with e ' Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Perceval do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Account *

ordered;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Coffee exported from Great Coffee export- Britain in the last Three Years, distinguishing the British from the Foreign, and also the East India Coffee, and distinguishing Ireland from all other Parts.

Sugar import. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Parted? Account of the Quantity of Muscovada Sugar imported

into Great Britain in the last Three Years; also, of the Quantity of Muscovada and Refined Sugar exported in Vol. 54.

the same Period; together with the Quantity remaining at the Expiration of each Year; distinguishing the British Plantation, the Foreign Plantation, the East India, and the Refined Sugar.

The House being informed that Mr. Glover (from the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Coffee exported from Great Britain in the last Three Years, distinguishing the British from the Foreign, and also the East India Coffee, and distinguishing Ireland from all other Parts: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Muscovada Sugar imported into Great Britain in the last Three Years; also of the Quantity of Muscovada and Refined Sugar exportecJJn the same Period; together with the Quantity remaining at the Expiration of each Year; distin- guishing the British Plantation, the Foreign Plantation, the East India, and the Refined Sugar.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Douglas, from the Committee appointed to consider of the present State of the Distillery of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and of the Laws relative thereto, and the Duties payable in respect thereof, and to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, acquainted the House, that he was directed, by the said Committee, to move the House, That they may have Power to give Directions for printing Papers and Ay-counts which have been, or shall be, laid before them.

And Mr. Douglas moved the House accordingly.. '

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to give Directions for printing any such Papers and Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Plympton Earle, in the County of Devon, in the room of William Mitchell, Esquire, tyho, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Bonenham,

in the County of Buckingham.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into-a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, upon the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, that the Order, made, upon the 30th Day of May last, for reading a Second Time, upon Monday next, the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Copper, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for placing the Salaries of the Sheriff

Deputes

Accounti predated.

Coffee e<- . ported.

Sugar imported and exported.

Committee oft Scotch Distillery empowered to give Direction for printing Paper.

Plympton

Wat.

London Port Bill, deferred.

Copper Exportation, See. Bill, deferred.

9cotch Sheriffs Salaries Bill, committed.

f>o8 ] Junii. 1799;

Deputes and Substitutes of Scotland Upon the Scots Civil List Establishment, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tdoufe, upon the said Bill:

Petition of tile Committee <5f the Company of a Merchants trading to , being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's fcommand) acquainted the House, That Hifc Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Confidefition of the House.

Theri the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have laid4before the ' House an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1797, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act 23 Geo. II. intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to " Africa and that they have inverted the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament for the Support and Maintenance of the F^orts and Settlements on the said Coast: And that Parliament, taking into its serious Confederation the various increased Expences to which the Establishments in Africa were subject, as well from the defective Condition of the Forts and Settlements, as "From unavoidable Alterations in the Nature of the Service of the Petitioners, and from a very great Increase of ‘ their Charges in consequence of the War, was pleased ‘ to grant the Sum of £.20,000. for the Service of the Year 1795, and a like Sum for the Service of the Year 1796, but, notwithstanding the Continuance of the said increased Expences, and though it has been humbly represented that most of the Articles of Supply have been further very greatly advanced, inso much that the same Grant will not now produce a Supply of much more than the Half of what it yielded before the Commencement of the War, yet Parliament was pleased to grant Ho more than the usual Peace Supply of £. 13,000. for Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements for the Years 1797 and 1798, the Consequence of which is, that the Petitioners are utterly unable to keep up the Establishments at the said Forts and Settlements necessary for their Defence, and their Officers are getting To much in Advance for the Public Service, that it is altogether impossible to answer for the Security of the same without a more adequate Provision: And that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House, for the Preservtion, Extension, and Im-, provement of the Trade to Africa, and for the Defence

and Maintenance of the Britisji Forts and Settlements on that Coast necessary thereto, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum as may be sufficient, as well for the Expences already incurred and not provided for, as for the extra Expences in consequence of the War, and likewise for the effectual permanent Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Committee of The Order of the Da^ being read, for the House to ppy' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; referred Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money Dirlfition of given for schft Service of the Year 1797 has been disposed Grants oT of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 16th 797- Day of March 1798, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied,

which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of March in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

~ m " *

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Sendee of the Year 1798 has been disposuu of, distinguished under the several Heads, and the Paris remaining unsatisfied, with the estimated Surplus thereon, as far as, the same can be made up, be reierred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums paid for Discotinton Prompt Payments of the Loan and Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money paid to the Bank for receiving the Contributions to the Loan and Lottery, grante4 for the Service of the Year 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charges of preparing and drawing the Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1798 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Interest paid on Exchequer Bills raised on the Credit of the Loan of Eighteen Millions, granted for the Service of the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums paid for Principal and Interest of certain Exchequer Bills, Part of the Vote of Credit 1796, and charged on Supplies

1797, for which no Provision has been made by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Interest due to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on. fondry Exchequer Bills, the Principal whereof has been discharged; and for Advances on Bills of Exchange, drawn on the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums paid out of the Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1798,

for the Expences of the Office of the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, of the Office for registering Contrails for Sale of the Land Tax, and for Business done relative to American Claims, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sum wanting to complete the Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1797, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued at the Exchequer out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Interest para on Exchequer Bills, granted for the Service of the Year

1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the probable Amount of Bills to be drawn from New South Wales, for Provisions, Stores, Cattle, and other Necessaries for the Use of that Settlement, and which may become due in the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ,r

Mr. Brugge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. >.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr.

Dispontk.n of Grant ok 1798.

Di (count oh Prompt Payments ot Loan and Lottery.

Money paid to the Bank, for receiving Contribu^ tions.

Charges of Lottery.

Interest on Exchequer Bijls.

Principal an4

Interest of Exchequer Bills.

Interest oA D®.

Expences of certaiaO&c&U

Sum to com plete the Supplies of 1797.

Monies issued out of Civil List.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bill drawn from New South Wale *

Committee of Ways and Means.

3p Geo. III.

8° Junii.

6 09

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Xfilltia Reduction, &c. Bill, prei'ented.

Report Supply.

Majesty, tp make good the Sums paid for Principal and Interest of certain Exchequer Bills, Part of the Vote of Credit of 1796, and charged on the Supplies of 1797, for which no Provision has been made by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Interest on That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Fourteen Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Thousand and Thirty-seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings Morning. and Three Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty,

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was to make good the Interest paid on Exchequer Bills, directed by the Committee to move, that they may have raised on the Credit of the Loan of Eighteen Millions,.

Leave to fit again. granted for the Service of the Year 1797.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'To complete

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five Thousand Nine t,!iqSuppl cs of to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Hundred and Ninety Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Supply granted to His Majesty. Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to complete the

Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1797.

Mr.Secretary Dnndds presented to the House, accord- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Discounton ing to Order, a Bill for the Reduction of the Militia That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Eleven m7ntfono«n Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein to be Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Two and Lottery, limited; and for enabling His Majesty more effectually Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prose- to make good the Sums paid for Discount on Prompt cution of the War: And the same was received; and Payments of the Loan and Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, interest on That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Ten 'jau, Kr Thousand and Seventy-one Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Sums paid for Interest on Exchequer Bills, granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bills drawn That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Pounds, g°hN^al,.5 be granted to His Majesty, to discharge Bills to be drawn from New South for Provisions, Cattle,

Stores, and other Necessarics, for the Use of that Settlement, and which may become due in the Year 1799.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Third of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. 'Townshend, Mr.

Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Mr. Attorney General,

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Tueflay Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbatt, 8° Junii;

Anno 39 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

"R. Bragge, according to Order, reported from

_____the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do pre-His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had pare, and bring in, the fame.

M

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were readj and are as followeth;

V12

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report Way Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred aIld Mean>' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

To make Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which

mSiu^vith8'" That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Hundred and Twenty Russia. five Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to-

wards enabling His Majesty to make good suchJSngage-mentswith the Emperor of Russia as may be belt adapted to the Exigency of Affairs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three Millions be granted to His

Vote of Credit.

National Debt.

Deficiency of Consolidated Fund.

Principal and Intereil cf Exchequer Bills.

the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Railing n s«:u' That, towards raising the Supply granted to I lis Majesty, AlmuitU i-

the Sum of Fifteen Millions Five Hundred Thousand Majesty, to enable His Majesty to enter into such further Pounds, be raised by Annuities.

Engagements, and take such Measures, as may be best Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tc-ms for adapted to the Exigency of Affairs. That every Contributor to she laid Sum of Fifteen railing tUc

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Millions Five Flundred Thousand Pounds shall, for iUlc‘

That the $um of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds be every One Hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be granted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid to the entitled to the Principal Sum of £.125 in Annuities,

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum, to commence from be by them placed to the Account of the Commission- the 5th Day of 1799, and to be added to, and ers for the Reduction of the National Debt. made One JointkStock with the £. 3 per Centum An-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, nuities, consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-fifth,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Ninety-nine Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-lccond, and Thirty-Thousand and Forty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and third Years of the lteign of his late Majesty King Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and the Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th to be payable and transferable at the Bank of Day of January and the 5th Day of July 1797. land, at the same Time, and in the same Mariner, and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, subject to the like Redemption by Parliament as the That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Fifty- said £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable three Thousand One Hundred and Forty-eight Pounds and transferable there:

Ten Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to Flis That every Contributor shall likewise be entitled to Vox. 54. 7 Q the

6io

8° Juniu

A \ 179 9.

the further Principal Sum of in Annuities) after the Rate of £.3 per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of April 1799, and to be added to, and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum, which were reduced from £.4 to £.3 per Centum per Annum, by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £. 3 per Centum Reduced Annuities are payable and transferrable there:

That the said Annuities, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum and £.3 per Ce, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Consolidated Fund: — That every Con tributor shall, on or before the 12th Day of this Instant ' June, make a Deposit of £. 10 per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to subscribe towards raising the said Sum of Fifteen Millions Five Hundred Thou land Pounds, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 19th Day of July next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 20th Day of next;

£. i 5 per Centum on or before the 20th Day Of September next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 22d Day of October next;

£.13 per Centum on or before the 2 2d Day of November next j and,

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 20th Day of December next:

That all the Monies, so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament: — That every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money towards the said Sum of Fifteen Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, at any Time on or before the 21st Day of November 1799, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of £. 5 per Centum per Annum on the Sum so advanced, for completing his or her Contribution rc-tpectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 20th Day of December 1799.

Additional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, imported!U£ar That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Eight Pence upon every Hundred Weight of Brown and Muscovado Sugar, of the British Plantations, imported into this Kingdom.

D#- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Four Shillings upon every Hundred Weight of White or clayed Sugar, of the Bricifh Plantations, imported into this Kingdom.

D0' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towaids railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence upon every Hundred Weight of Sugar, not of the British Plantations, which shall have been, or shall be, imported into this Kingdom, and warehoused according to Law, upon the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be deposited for Exportation from this Kingdom.

D . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granfed to His Majesty, there be charged an additional^ Duty of Six Shillings

n

and Six Pence upon every Hundred Weight of Sugar which shall have been, or shall be imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and warehoused according to Law, upon the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be deposited for Exportation from this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Repealing That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, craw^ack'o# Two Shillings and Six Pence, Part of the Drawback Sugar import, now allowed on the Exportation of every Hundred ed Weight of Sugar exported in the same State in which it was imported, be no longer paid or allowed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, t> . That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Two Shillings and Six Pence, Part of the Drawback now allowed on the Exportation of every Hundred Weight of any refined Sugar, called Bastards, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, be no longer paid or allowed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Four Shillings, Part of the Drawback now allowed on the Exportation of every Hundred Weight of any other refined Sugar, be no longer paid or allowed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Charging That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, oi^NotMua. there be charged for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or der 40J. Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note,

Draft, or Order, whether payable on Demand or other? wife, which shall be made n Great Britain, shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to thcSum of Forty Shillings,a Stamp Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, AJ.iitlond That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, 00 Cof' there be charged an additional Duty of Four Shillings upon every Hundred Weight of Coffee which shall have been, or shall be imported, into this Kingdom, and warehoused according to Law, upon the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be deposited for Exportation from this Kingdom.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First and Second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. By bus, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Third,

Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Eleventh of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Bybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Tenth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. I'ownfltend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. By bus, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Fowey Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Reginald Bole Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom.

Resolved,

39 Geo. III.

S4 — 10° Junii.

6it

Report from Resolved., That this House will, upon Mom *

mUteere^eSl ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole in£ Courts of House, to consider of the Twenty-seventh Report, re-lull‘"'t®be lating to Courts of Justice, which, upon the 26th Day v° erc of June, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and state the total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning> Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 10 Junii;

Anno 39 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

balton Inclo lure Bill, predated *

Henry Lafcellei presented to the House, ac-

______cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting,

and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of

York :And the same was received» and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that the Branch shall not be cut through the Lands belonging to King's College, Cambrid, without their Consent.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane be added to the Gen- Member ad<i-tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a sfn^itbo"E m Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the fe- rough indo-veral Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, sure Bl11 Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Hamlet of Stngleborough, in the Parish of Great Horwood, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to singiebo-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the ^"eSBiii, Cpre-Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable rented.

Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Singleborough, in the Parish of Great Horwood, in the County of Buckingham And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Long's Estate for veiling Part of the settled Estate of Richard , ®

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant 4 . to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for

Bill for inclosing, and leafing or letting applying the Money arising therefrom for the several >n Moors and Waste Grounds lying Purpol'es therein mentioned, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hicks Beach, Mr. EJicourt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

KLrkbeatoa Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a B " e ' ' '

pre nte . certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, and other Taxes or Public Expences within the said Township; and for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotments, and Inclosure of the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Township: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Report on Bill A Motion being made. That the Report which,

u> amend upon the 27th Day of May last, was made from the ^vorTcan^ Committee, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Com-Acts, further p?.ny of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal comidered. Navigation, to vary the Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a Navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts, was committed; and' which was then ordered to lie upon the Table -, be now taken into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door to the Members of this House, upon the 31st Day of May last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th Day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to . the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were,

upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House. Vot. 54.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Appleby the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wnt the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland, in the room of the Honourable John Tvfton, deceased.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill.forraifing a Bill for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions Five Hun-. dred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities: And rented.'P the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Buller'j Di. to dissolve the Marriage of John Buller, of Calcutta, in vorce Blll» the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Esquire, with ®oranuMC ' Eliza Catherine Wiggens his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mention, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the xSth Day of this lnstant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that -they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Mr.

6Ii

10

jfunii.

A. 1799

National Debt Bill, prerented.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved.That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and have agreed to Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Marriott, Knight, late Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Oilicej without any Amendment: And also.

pair

the Road

leading

The Lords

Sir James Marriott's Annuity Bill.

From Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleortun Church over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempston, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act O^eftintiaml for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road from Gatefiiead, in the County of Durham, to the Church Lane near Lane-Head, and from the Bar-Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Dilston Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and also several other Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Market H r-for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence boroushan<i to the End of the then next Session'of Parliament, the

Tanners, &c,

Indemnity

Bill.

Ti.hi.ige Bill. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Term, and altering and amending the Powers of Three for encouraging the Improvement of Lands subject to several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, the Servitude of Thirlage, in that Part of Great Britain and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also, King George the Second, for repairing and widening the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties of Leicester, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in oj Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the Second Year the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, " An And also, . ‘ '

" Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act " other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather," for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping and to repeal Parts of the said Act relating to the Buying in Repair the Road from the Turnpike Road at the of Hides; without any Amendment: And also. Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act through s Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and for permitting, certain Goods imported from the —

East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended

Brampton Road Bill.

Melklhamand Coombe Real Bill.

Fall India Goods Bill.

Beckham^ln

Glasgow Two Pennies Scots Bill.

Taunton Roads BilL

Port Glasgow and Newark Two Pennies Scots Bill.

Kelso Bridge Bill.

Bill to amend Leith Harbour Acts.

Skipton and Clitheroe Road Bill.

Loughborough and Ashby-de-la-Zouch Road Bill.

Tatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in the Parish of Castle Coombe, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road - at or near at id

From the North Side of 'Swindon to the Carpenters Anns in Blunfden, and several. other Roads {herein mentioned, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

_ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

or fold within the City of Glasgow and Village of Gor- for altering, enlarging, and repealing some of the Pro-

bals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof; without any visions in an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the

Amendment: And also. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act leading from the Town of ‘Taunton, and other Roads ad-for continuing for Thirty-eight Years, and rendering joining thereto, in the county of ; and also for

more effectual, several Acts for charging a Duty of Two extending the Provisions of the said Act, to a Road from Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyng, to Piper's Inn, in on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the Parish of Ashcott, in the said County of

the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, -and Privileges without any Amendment: And also,

thereof; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act WaterEa

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste for building a Bridge over the River Tweed, at or near Lands within the Manor of Water Eaton, in the County 'the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh; with- of Stwithout any Amendment: And also, out any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 1L "

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons coll"e to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pastures, within the Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Hamlet of Moorgate, in the Parish of Clarbrough, in Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment:

Leith; without any Amendment: And also, And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain from Skipton, in the County of Turk, to Clitheroe, in the Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within fu-e Bill County of Lantajler-, without any Amendment: And the Parillies of South Brent and Lympsham, in the Cou.11-

inclosure BiiL

South Brent , € ami Lym p»-

Moors, hamlncio-

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers of Two

ty of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cuvelja'. Nat for naturalizing Abraham Zimon Doncker; with- Bill>

out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pattlnghim,

Acts, the one p'affect in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Arable Lands, B^U^h of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the intermixed Fields, Meadows and Failures, Commons, Ameniimcat. other in the Second Year of the Reign of His present and Waste Grounds, within the' respective Manors t>f Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- Pattingham and in the County of Stafford, with

an

<0

Gosberton In-ciolure Bill, with Amendment!.

The Lords have paiFed

Watton School, &c. Exchange Bill.

Egerton's EiUte BilL

Watton School, &c. Exchange Bill, read.

Account of Excise Duties in certain Counties in Scotland, pro iented.

Committee appointed to consider of requiring Notices for Dram Road Bills.

Millwrights Bill, pailed.

39 Geo. III.

an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common, Fen Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Gosberton, in the County of Lincoln; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between the Trustees of the Free Grammar School in Watton tinder , in the County of Gloucester, and Nicholas Owen Owen, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of several Estates in the County of Chester (devised by the Will of Philip Ef-

quire, deceased, to a Trustee for a Term of Years, for the Purpose of discharging his Debts, with Remainder to the Uses therein mentioned) in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the said Debts, and to lay out the Sur-

?lus, if any, of the Monies arising by such Sale in the 'urchafe of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between the Trustees of the Free Grammar School in Watton under Edge, in the County of Gloucester, and Nicholas Owen Smythe Owen, Esquire, was read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving (from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland) attended Ht the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Grofe and Net Amount of all the Taxes under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in the Counties of Argyle, Invemejs, Sutherland, Caithness, and Orkney and Shetland, distinguishing

each Tax and County, for the Years 1786 and 1797 And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Note, The said Account having been prepared, pursuant to an Order of the House, which had been before discharged, was withdrawn, on the 12th Instant.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Expediency of requiring Notices to be given of any intended Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the making of Ways or Roads, usually called Railways or Dram Roads, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act passed for that Purpose: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of the Marquis of Worcester, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Millwright Business, and to enable the Magistrates to regulate their Wages within the Limits therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time j The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now " and, at the End of ' VOL. 54.

613

the Question, to add the Words upon this Day Three " Mohths."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now ' Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Millwright Business, and to enable the Magistrates to regulate their Wages within the Limits therein mentioned.

Ordered That Mr. Charles Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a.Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rose presented to the House according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and- Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for placing the Salaries of the Sheriff Deputes and Substitutes of Scotland upon the Scots Civil List Establishment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

7 R Mr.

io° j Y

Billrespecting Forfeiture for High Treason, deferred.

Sugar and Coffee additional Duties BiiJ,presented.

Committee tf Way and Means.

Small Notes Dupr Bill, presented.

Committee on Scotch Sheriffs Salaries Bill.

Liverpool Docks Bill, reported.

Supply, deferred.

Westminster Court House Bill, committed.

Lords Amend-ment to Pat-tingham, &c. Inclosure Bill, agreed to *

614 io — I

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committees

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool, and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the most Noble Brownlow Duke of Ancaster and Kefievetv, and also,

the Petition of John Myers, of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, Merchant, and John Leigh, of the same Place, Gentleman, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dirafted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-monbw Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, ii° die Junii;

Anno 390 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

Pray e rs.

A BILL to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in and for hold-

ing the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the other Public Business of the said City and Liberty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Arable Lands, intermixed Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the respective Manors of Pattingham and in the County of

Stafford.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 7. After " of" insert not less than." The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, 1

i° Junii. 1799.

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; arid acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the'Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping Cheadle.&c. in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadle, through Alve-ton, to the Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near Quickjhill Bank; and also, the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Bears , through Hollington, to the said Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near the Churnet Bridge at in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Lord Granville Leveson Gower, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Sand.ll Mag-the Common Fields, undivided Inclosures, Commons, 5 ^^ Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Townships of Sandall Magna, Walton, and in the Parish of Sandall Magna, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, undivided Inclosures, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Townships of Sandall Magna, Walton, and Crigglestone, in the Parish of Sandall Magna, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and Pampisford laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, 5^sure Bi, I» Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, pUled' and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in

the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pampisford, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon London Foit Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- BU1> deferred, mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Walton lathe Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, dofureBili, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Walton, in the Parish of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 38. 1. 37. At the End of the Line, to insert unless in any same where it is herein " otherwise provided or enacted."

Pr. 82. 1. 5. At the End of the Line, to insert " unless in any same where it is herein " otherwise provided or enacted."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved,

lyddington, &c. Inclosure Bill, pafltd.

WnufturyLf closure Bill, committed.

London Porterage Bill, jolTcd.

39 Geo. III. i'i 0 Jutiii. 61$

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Arid that the Title Ordered., That Mr. Alderman Curtis do carry the Bill be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Mr according to Order, reported from the Scotch sheriff.

Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Walton, in Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Parish of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.placing the Salaries of the Sheriff Deputes and Substi-Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the tutes of Scotland upon the Scots Civil List Establishment,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. was committed, the Amendment which the Committee

had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and to report to the House; and he read the Report in his improving divers Open and Common Fields, Common Placet and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes Amendment was Twice read j and, upon the Question of Lyddington with Caldecott and Uppingham, in the put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

County of Rutland, and also a Common or Waste within _ Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be the same County, called Uppingham Brand, and for ex« ingrafted.

tinguishing all the Tythes arising within the same Pa- OrderedfY\\ex the said Bill be read the Third Time To-rilhes, and all the Deer Browse and Rights of Common morrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted, upon Beaumont Chace, in the same County, and making

a Compensation for such Tythes and Common Rights Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Small Note, respectively, was read the Third Time. Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp

The Amendment following was proposed to be made Duty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes under to the Bill; viz. the Value of Forty Shillings, be now read.

Pr. 23. 1. 12. To leave out from "aforesaid" to And the said Order being read accordingly}

" provided " in Pr. 24. l.i. The said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

amended at the Table accordingly. of the whole House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

An Adfc for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, the said Bill.

Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and

Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Lydding- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fof the House Committee on ton with Caldecott and Uppingham, in the County of Rut- to refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ®ee^gre land, and also a Common or Waste within the same consider of the Twenty-seventh Report, relating to Courts of juf. County, called Uppingham Brand, and for extinguishing Courts of Justice, which, upon the 26th Day of in tice» def rrcdj all the Tythes arising within the same Parishes, and all the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Select the Deer Browse and Rights of Common upon Beaumont Committee, who were appointed to examine and state Chace, in the same County, and making a Compensation the total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Mat-for such Tythes and Common Rights respectively. ters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure,

Ordered, That Sir William Lowther do carry the Bill be now read, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. And the said Order being read accordingly}

« ' Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Coming, resolve itself into the said Committee, mon Fields and Common Meadows, and for dividing,

allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Mr, Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report Way. Grounds within the Parish and Manor of Wyrardifbury, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred " Means, otherwise Wraifbury, in the County of Buckingham, was to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the read a Second Time. Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. An the Committee had directed him to report to the drews, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this House; Which he read in his Place; and afterwards de-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's livered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were Chamber. read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, patron Small Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, Notes. Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for regulating the there be charged for every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Rates of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers and other Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Persons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, be now Money to the Bearer on Demand, which may be rc- read. issuable from Time to Time after Payment at the Place

And the said Order being read accordingly; where the same was first issued, shall be ingossed, writ-

The said Bill was read the Third Time. ten, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made

The Amendments following were severally proposed payable thereby, shall not amount to the Sum of Forty to be made to the Bill; viz. Shillings, a Stamp Duty of Two Pence.

Pr. 4. 1. 32. To leave out the Second " Four" and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D -insert " Seven ''.instead thereof. That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty,

I.35. To leave out "Nine" and insert there be charged for every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or " Six " instead thereof. Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Promissory Note, or other Note for the Payment of severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and Money to the Bearer on Demand, which may be re-the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. issued from Time to Time after any Payment at the fame

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Place, or any other Place than where the same was first be. An Act for regulating the Rates of Porterage to be issued, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where the taken by Innkeepers and other Persons, within the Cities Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, not amount to the Sum of Forty Shillings, a Stamp and Places adjacent. Duty of Four Pence.

VOL. 54. Th«

Militia Reduction, See. Bill, deferred.

Bill to amend Act for granting Commissions to certain Officers in America, ordered.

Account of Imports and Exports from the Presidencies in India, ordered.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, committed.

Sugar and Coffee additional Duties Bill, comer it ted.

O

11 junn.

A \ 1799.

The said Resolutions being feveirally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, -agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For the Second Reading of the Bill for the Reduction of the Militia Forces at the Time and in the Manner therein to be limited, and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to " grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign " JProtestants who have served Abroad as Officers or " Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers, in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifi, cations," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Secretary Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secratary at War, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

and on Coffee exported, and for- reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Tire said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning lefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second National Debt Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Bi'l» C0IM"t-Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued te and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for die Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly i

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill for Sup-Reading of the Bill for the Suppression of the Sale and sundayNewi-Circulation of Newspapers on the Lords Day; papersputoff

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Month posed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now " and, at the End of

1

Account, shewing the Amount of the Imports to, and Exports from, the several Presidencies in for

Three Years past, so far as the same can be made up from the Materials in the Possession of the East India Company, distinguishing what has been imported and exported through the Channel of the Shipping of the Company, either on their own Account, or on the Account of Private Traders; also, what has been imported or exported by the Shipping of other Countries.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported.

the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word "now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers far the

Tellers for the Noes, j 4°-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " upon this Day Three Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs Estimate of of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for Sct^t^dh the Year 1799. preen

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, . for the Year 1799.

For the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, upon Account - - 4,500.

War Office,

11 th June 1799. Hr. Windham.

Ordered,

39 Geo. III. ii"--

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

kill respea- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tnreffoHHigh to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Treason, de- upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in fared, the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Morris

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee oh The House resolved itself into a Committed of the Campbell's whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill ivorce i . from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charier Collins , Esquire, a Major in

the Army, with Harriet Frafer his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Buxton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, That the Counl'el for the Bill had gone through his Evidence; and that the Counsel against the Bill had been heard, and had, in Part, examined his Witnesses; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Rfolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Jutiii;

i a Jfunii. 6 i 7

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, inti- bmon'l'ncb- tuled. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing fare Bill, the Common, Fen Droves, and Waste Lands, in the a8reed t0‘ Parish of Gosberton, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 17. After inclosed" insert " or any " Tythes in respect of the present " inclosed Landsj Grounds, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, or " other Hereditaments in the said ' '

" Pari fli of

Pr. 14. 1. 7. After " inclosed" insert or to ascertain the Corn Rents herein after provided for:"

Pr. 15. h 9. After " Division" insert "or concerning any Claims or Exemptions from Ty^es."

Pr. 16. 1. 25. Leave out from " conclusive " to " and " in Line 28.

1. 30. After " Persons" insertand to ascertain the Corn Rents herein after provided for. "

1. 39. After " Allotments " insert " and

" Alcertainments. "

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House;

And the House being informed that the several Parities interested in the Bill, had been acquainted with the Amendments, made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put there-<

Upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Anno 39° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1799.

y-

Praters.

Wellington £MR Thomas Charles Banbury reported from the Com-

Division and mittee, to whomthe Bill for dividing and allotting the

BUL^reported. Whole Year or EverY Year Lands» Common Fields, Half ' Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths,

Warrens. Fens, Commons, jndWafte Grounds, within the Parish of Worlington, in the County' of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land rated to the Poors Rate at 20 per Annum, who could not be met with; and also except One Owner of Land rated as aforesaid at £.8, who was too ill to give an Answer; and that the Whole of the Property entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed is rated to the Poors Rate at 752 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once V®L. ^4

An ingrossed Bill for authorizing the Company of Bill to amend Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, Aon°Canai>n to vary the Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, di- Acts, passed, rested to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a Navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the IVirwick and Birmingham Canal, irt the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors 1 of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, to vary the Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the-Course of a Navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingszvood, in the County of Warwick, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts.

Ordered, That Sir John Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

7 S A Petition

Petition respecting Notices for Buck-l«nd Road.

Rochester and Maidstone Road Bill, passed.

I?rltifii Mil-hum Petition, reported *

618 i Junii.A. 1799.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike JR.oad at or near BuCkland, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read i Setting forth. That, an pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 13d Day of May last, Notice has been given Three Times in the Newspapers called The Jour-

nal and The Reading Mercury, and a like Notice has been affixed on the Turnpikes now erected on the said Road, and on the Church Doors of the several Parishes through which the said Road pafies, that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill to continue the Term of the said Act, in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike - Bills: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term -of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Fane, Mr. Addins, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed " in the First, 'Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the " Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

" for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from " the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish " of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and " other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of " Kent," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass r And that the Title be. An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the fend of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King the Third, intituled,

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three " Act?, passed in 'the First, Ninth, and Twenty-second " Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road " leading from the House called The of the Bells, xe in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to ft one, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent."

Ordered, That Sir William Geary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Matter of the Rolls reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Probate of the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode, dated 9th A 1792, was produced to Yout Committee, and read; Wherein he bequeathed to the Trustees of the British Museum sundry Books, Drawings, and Prints, and also various Gems, Coins, Medals, and Specimens of Natural History, together with the Cabinets in which the same are contained: And,

Mr. 'Thomas Payne, of the Gate, Bookseller,

being examined, laid. That he has icen the Collection of the Books left to the Museum by the Testator and is of Opinion, that the same is one of the most curious and valuable Collection that has ever been made; and estimates the Worth of them at about £..10,000: And,

Mr. John Thane, a Printfeller, being also examined, said, He has leen the Drawings and Prints be- questhed by the said Testator to the said Museum, and is bf Opinion, that the least Value that can be put upon them is £. 5,000: Then,

Mr. Richard Miles, Dealer in Medals, being also examined, laid. He has inspected the Coins and Medak bequeathed by the said Will, And is of Opinion that the same are worth at least £.6,000. And it appeared by an Estimate produced and proved to Your Committee, that the Getris bequeathed by the said Will to the said Museum are of the Value of £. 534. 7 s.Then, Mr. George Humphrey, Dealer in Subjects of Natural History, being alftrexamined, said. That he has inspected the Specimens of Natural History bequeathed by the said Will, and is of Opinion the least Value that can be put upon them, including the Cabinets in which, they are contained, is £. 2,000.

Then an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and granting other Duties thereon in certain Cales, was read: An<| Mr. Miles, who is Accountant to the said Museum, being again examined, informed Your Committee, That there is no Fund to enable the Trustees to discharge the Tax impol'ed by the said Act, the Funds appropriated for the Support of the said Museum being inadequate to the necessary Expences thereof, inso much that the Trustees have, from Time to Time, been under the NecelTity of applying for the Aid of Parliament, in order to discharge the said Trull.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, A n»A ft for naturalizing Philipp Fredrick Bchrends, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords^ by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker, -

The Lords iiave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Lammas Meadows, and a certain Common, called Cheshunt Common, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford; without any Amendment: And also, >

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Stratford-under-the-Castle and,

in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parishes of Tarkhill, Weston Beggard, Dormington, with the Chapelry of Barteftree, in the said Parish of Dormington and Stoke Edith, with the Chapelry of West hide, in the said Parish of Stoke Edith, all in the County of Hereford-, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling William Stephen Poyntz, Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Mary his Wife, to charge the Estates late of the Right honourable George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague, deceased, in the County of Sussex, with a competent Sum of Money for improving the

lame.

Bchrends Nat Bill, read.

The Lords hare agreed to

Cheshunt fn~ closure Bill *

Stntford an£ Milford Division and Allotment Bill *

Yarkhin, Weston Beg-gard, &c. In-do fu re Bill, with AmeikU meats.

The Lords have palfed Po vntz <? Estate Bill.

kcinaud's Nat. Bill.

Reinaod's Nat. Bill, read.

rVoole Roads, kc. Bill, revised.

Militia Reclusion, kc. Bill, committed *

Motion for Account of Army Extra-ordinari e«, withdrawn.

Report Expiring Laws.

39 Geo. III. 120

fame, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Andalfo,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Reinaud; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Reinaud, was read the First Time.

.Refohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rankes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and " keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned,

" leading from a Gate in the Town and County of " Poole, called Poole Gate, and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth " Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads J " and also, for applying a certain Sum of Money therein " mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain " Street or Way within the said Town and County," was committed; That tire Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein to be limited; and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, paid by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th December 1797 to the 25th December 1798.

And. the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Mr. Rragge reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Public General Laws have expired within Twelve Months preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament, and also. What Laws are about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, wfith their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, continued, or made per- v petual; and to whom the Report which, upon the 12th Day of May 1796, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to inspect and consider all the Temporary Laws of a Public Nature expired, or expiring, was referred; and who wereinftrufted to esquire,

Vou 54.

Junii. 19

and report to the House, what Laws expired, or near expiring, have been revived, continued, or made perpe- . tual, by any Act or Acts of the present Session of Parliament; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the further Support and Encouragement of the " Fisheries carried on in the Greenland S.as and Davis's " Str eights," which was to be in Force for Five Years, from the 23th Day of December 1786; and also, so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; intituled, "An Act for " ‘further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland,

" Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries," as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which, by an Act, made in the Thiriy-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amended and continued until the 25th Day of December 1798,2nd which were by another Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 23th Day of December 1799, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the llcign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to amend and render more effectual the " several Laws now in Force, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts " adjacent from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British

Dominions in Europe, and for granting Bounties, for " a limited Time, on certain Terms and Conditions," as relates to the Bounties thereby granted, which was to continue in Force for the Term of Ten Years, from the 1 ft Day of January 1787, and which was revived, and further continued for Two Years, by an Act, made in the Thirty-feVenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,' is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,. intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon " the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease," which was to be in Force for Three Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, of the Tenth, Thir teenth. Sixteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty-second, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty,. was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 25th Day of March 1799, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Power granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Sir William Rishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to continue, and carry on, the Manufacture of, and to make Spirits, cofnmonly called Maidstone Geneva, which was ' continued by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the 5th Day of July 1799, is near expiring, and fit to be continued and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act; to " -continue and amend an Act, made in the Twentysixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Encouragemerit of the British Fisheries," which was to continue in Force frog the ift Day of June 1795, for Two Years,

and "

Committee on Report respecting Courts of Justice.

Instruction.

t>20 I2 j

knd from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was further continued, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, until the ill Day of March 1799, is expired, and fit to be revived continued, and amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the.Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirtysecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the " Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and permitting the Importation of " Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and for reducing the Bounty on Refined Sugars exported in any other than British " Ships," which was to continue in Force until the 31st Day of December 1796, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which was continued, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Twenty-seventh Report, relating to Courts of Justice, which, upon the a6th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Select Committee, who Were appointed to examine and state the total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

A Motion being made. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries and Profits of the Matter of the Rolls, Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House, the Consideration of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries and Profits of the Matter of the Rolls, Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-tee. That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries and Profits of the Matter of the Rolls, Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being.

A Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of enabling His Majesty to grant unto the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, a contingent Annuity, to take place on Resignation or Removal;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House, the Consideration 6f enabling His Majesty to grant unto the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, a contingent Annuity, to take place on Resignation or Removal.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the fiS3 -Committee, That they do consider of enabling His Majesty to grant unto the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Keeper of the Great Seal of Great , for the *

'funiu 1799 *

Time being, a contingent Annuity, to take place on Resignation or Removal.

A Motion being made. That it -be an Instruction tt> the said Committee, That they do consider of enabling His Majesty to grant unto the Ixird Chief Justice of th»

Court of King's Bench, the Mailer of the Rolls, Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and Puisne Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being, contingent Annuities, to take place on Resignation; *

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommendsto the House, the Consideration of enabling His Majesty to grant tinto the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench,-the Mailer of the Rolls, Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and Puisne Justices of the ^Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being, contingent Annuities, to take place on Resignation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they do consider of enabling His Majesty to grant unto the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of ' King's Bench, the Mailer of the Rolls, Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and Puisne Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being, contingent Annuities, to take place on Resignation.

A Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries and Profits of the Lords of Session, Justices and Barons of the Courts in Scotland, for the Time being;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House, the Consideration of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries and Profits of the Lords of Session, Justices and Barons of the Courts in Scotland, for the Time being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries and Profits of the Lords of Session,

Justices and Barons of the Courts in Scotland, for the Time being.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chilir. 1

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Suppty consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the

Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bndges Estimate of in North Britain, for the Year 1799, be referred to the Scotch Hoads, said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 16th Report oa Day of March 1796, was made from the Committee, to Mr. Hunter' whom the Petition of Matthew BPhysician, and Jonf Everard Home, Esquire, Surgeon, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of AfnctaCom *

jwnyiPea-the no.

Militia Efti-

nutc.

tftimate of Allowances to Mil'Ku Officers.

Account of Excise Duties in certain Counties in Scotland, withdrawn.

Committee of Ways and Aieans.

39 Geo. III. i 2 Jun

the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made. That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee j

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1799, as they Hull think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made. That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence 01 Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the Houjfe, to make such Provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Notice being taken, that the Account, which was presented to the House, upon Monday last, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, had been prepared pursuant to an Order of the House, which had been before discharged;

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn, and another Account presented instead thereof, pursuant to the Order of the House of the lft Day of this Instant

June.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol. 54.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, TJiat the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please. to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive-the fame;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for placing the Salaries of the Sheriff Deputes and Substitutes of Scotland upon the Scots Civil List Establishment, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for placing the Salaries of the Sheriff Deputes and Substitutes of Scotland upon the Scots Civil List Establishment.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of several Estates in the County of Chester (devised by the Will of Philip Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to a Trustee for a Term of Years, for the Purpose of discharging his Debts, with Remainder to the Uses therein mentioned) in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the said Debts, and to lay out the Surplus, if any, of the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

7 T upon

Committee oa Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities.

InstrufHon.

Committee on National Debt Bill

Scotch Sheriffs Salaries Bill. passed.

Bgerton's Effete Bill, read.

Sugar and Coitee additional Duties Bill, deferred.

Small Notes Duty £ill, jde-

ferted.

Committee on Campbell's Divorce Bill.

Overseers Affillant Bill, deferred.

Duberly'i Estate Bill, reported and parted.

62'i i a7 — 13° Juniu " ~ A.Vicfa

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported1, and on Coffee exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar be now read.

And the fitid Order being read accordingly';

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, uport the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Collins Campbell, Esquire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet Frafer his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Buxton took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Buxton reported from the Committee, That the Counsel against the Bill had gone through his Evidence; and that the Counsel for the Bill had been heard by Way of Reply; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Appointment df Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, was again committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock;

Jovis, 130 d Junii 5

Anno 390 Georgii III"' Regis, 1799;

Prayers. '

MR. John Pitt reported from the Cofnmittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for more easily effectuating the Sale of Part of the Freehold Estates late of James,

Esquire, deceased, and for applying the clear Monies to arise therefrom upon the Trusts of the Marriage Settlements of his Five Daughters, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the

.Lords; and acquairitthem, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment'.

- Mr. Henry Lafcelks reported from the Committee, to whom the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower the Right honourable Herny Earl conbergto charge his settled Estates, in the Counties of York and ^Chester, with the Sum of Fifteen Thou land Pounds, in lieu of the Right of him the said Henry East Fauconberg, and the other Tenants for Life of the said Estates, to cut down Timber growing thereon, and to grant Building Leases of ,such. Parts of the said settled Estates as are near or adjoining to the Town of Macclesfield, in the said County of , and for Veiling the Manor and other Hereditaments of and in Sutton in the Forest, in the said County of York, other Part of the said settled Estates, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and, out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, to discharge the Incumbrances on the said settled Estates, was committed; That the Committee.had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do tarry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingross'ed , B>11 for dividing and allotting the Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Warrens, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Worlington, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year of Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Warrens, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of H'orlington, in the County of Suffolk. *

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill'to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Horise; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is. as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Leake being, examined, said, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 23d Day of May last. Notice has been given Three Times in the Newspapers, called The. Oxfordshire Journal and The Reading Mercury, and that a like Notice has been affixed on the Turnpikes now erected on the said Road, and on the Church Doors of the several Parishes through which the said Road pafles, that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill to continue the Term of the said Act, in such and the like Manner is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 23d Day of May last, was made from the Committee, to whom the1 Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for

executing

Earl Faucon be re's Elbtc Bj if reported)

and paJftd.

Worlingtori Divisioa and Allotment Bill, passed.

Petition respecting Notices for Buckland Road, reported.

39 Geo. lit

'Z Kj t t

13

fern ordered *

fcampbeir Divorce Bill, fra fled.

Globe In-furaace Office Bill, present td.

Pbynt^s Estate Bill, read.

Itoyal AiTent m Bills.

executing an. Act, passed in the Se^entechth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening1, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at or near Bj in the County of Berks, and of the several other Persons, whose Napiei are also therhunto subscribed, being Mortgagees unfter the said Act; was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Continue the Term of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for amending, widening, and keeping, ih " Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of AJlhall\in the County of Oxford, to the " Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County " of BerksAnd that Mr. John Fane arid Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Collins Campbell, Esquire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet Frafer his now Wife, and toenable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do tarijr the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill for incorporating, by Charter, a Corripany, to be called The Globe Office,

for Insurances on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for granting, purchasing, and settling Annuities upon or for Lives; or on Survivorship, and for granting Suftis payable at future Periods, and for assisting Benefit or Friendly Societies, and other charitable Institutions, and providing for the inferior and indigent Clergy, and the Widows and Children of the inferior and indigent Clergy, and for the lower and labouring CIafles of Society: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords; intituled, An Act for enabling William Stephen Poyntz, Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Mary his Wife, to charge the Estates late of the Right honourable George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague, deceased, in the County of with a competent Sum of Money for improving the fariie, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

A Message by Sir Francis M Gentleman Ulher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Up . to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned j and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Glou-cefleri the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other

V o l. 54.

Lords, to declare and notify the $oyal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of -bury, and the Lord High Chancellor ot,

and the Earl Camden, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which BilL are as followeth; Viz.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Sir James Marriott, Knight, late Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in Consideration of his diligent and faithful Services in the Execution of that Office i

An Act for perifiitting certain Goods imported from the East Indies to be Warehoused, and for repealing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July next, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament; Chapter Twenty-four, videlicet, on the Twenty-first Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, for continuing several Acts, made in the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh; and in the Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for suspending the Operation of certain Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for retraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England . *

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing several Acts for allowing the Banks and certain Banking Companies in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to ill'ue Notes for Sums under a certain Amount: ' An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such, in the India islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms:

An Act to extend the Bail to be given in Cafes of Criminal Information, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Relief of Debtors " with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, " and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for " Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, " to make Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath, their tl Estates for their Creditors Benefit

An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively:

An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Two, lo much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four; videlicet, on the Twenty-sixth Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to " the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders," as relates to Penitentiary Houses:

An Act to continue; until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Four, so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act to explain and amend the Laws relative to Colliers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: An Act for encouraging the Improvement of Lands

subject

624 i}b Juntn 1799 *

subject to the Servitude of Tliiflage, in thit Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act to inderhnify all Personi who tnay have' in Curred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled^ "An Act concerning Timners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather," and to repeal Parts of the said Act relating to the Buying of Hides:

An Act for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, frotn certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for better regulating and employing the Poor, and for more effectually watching the Squares, Streets Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew. Holborn, which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County:

An Act for the better and more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Sam/ord, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith:

An Act for continuing for Thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual, several Acts for charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the Towns of Port Glasgow and and Privileges thereof:

An Act for continuing for Thirty-eight Years, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold within the City of Glasgow and Village of Gorbals, and Liberties and Privileges thereof:

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tweed, at or near the Town of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, through iVallingford, to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon, in the County of Berks:

An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His j>resent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingstone, by the Kirk of to the

City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned: An Act for making and repairing the Road from Dunkeld to Coupar of Angus, by the Bridge of IJla, and the Road leading out of the Road between Dunkeld and Perth, to the Boat at by or through the

Village of Stanley, in the County of Perth, to continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Road leading from Long Bar or Gate, on the Poll Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and to the River Breamish, and from thence to Cross, in the County of Northumberland, to continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then ne^-t Session of Parliament:

An Act for altering, enlarging, and repealing some of the Pro^jfioaa in an Act, passed in the Eighteenth.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair ing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the County of Somerset; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act, to a Road from Tucker's Gate, in the Parish of Lyngi to Pipe's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the said County of Somerset:

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melhsham, through Googe's Lane, Corf ham, and

West-Yalton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper in

the Parish of Castle Coombe, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road at or near Betkhampton, and from the North Side of Swindon to the Carpenters Arms in Blunfden, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-ohe Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and amending the Powers of Three several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of to the Pound in

the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers of Two Acts, the one passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, and the other in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to *

Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing and widening the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to , in the Counties

of Leicester and Nottingham:

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from head, in the County of Durham, to the near Ryton-Lane-Head, and from the Bar-Moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road, near Bar, in the County of Northumberland, and also several other Roads therein described, lying within the said Counties:

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Skipton, in the County of York, to roe, in the County of Lancaster:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right honourable John Lord Rolle in Trustees, to sell or exchange the fame, and purchase, or take in Exchange, other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting certain Estates in Tokenkoufe Yard, in the City of London, in the Trustees of the other set-

tled Estates of the Marquis of Lansdown, and the Right honourable John Henry Petty commonly called Earl of Wycombe, in Trull to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising from the Sale in the Manner therein directed, and for empowering the said Trustees of the said settled Estates, to apply the Monies arising from the Sale of any Part thereof in the Manner therein directed, and for discharging the said settled Estates from a Rent Charge of Five Hundred Pounds given to James Petty, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, by the ' Wiil of Henry formerly Earl of Shelburne, deceased:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Simon Payne, Esquire, and Hester his Wife, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be exchanged for. Part of their unsettled Estates in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a cer-. tainTraft of Parcel of Common, Waite, and Marsh.

Grounds,;

39 Geo. III. 13® Junii.

Grounds, called Thornton Marfa within the several Parishes of Poulton and Bifpham, in the County Palatine of Lailcaffer:

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Bucks, entailed by the Will of John late Duke ot Bedford in Francis Duke of Bedford, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates in the said County of greater Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Robert Clutterbnck, Esquire, in Trullees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money anting therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses:

An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Lewis John Marie Esquire,

and Tryphena frif, Spinster, an Infant, of divers Manors,

Boroughs, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon i

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Mackermore, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, which belonged to Patrick Dunbar, late of Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts of the said Patrick Dunbar, and his Predecessors, and the Sums with which he charged the said Estate:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the ' Liberties and Precincts of Greens Norton, and Hamlet of Duncott, in the Parish of Greens Norton, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Downs, Marshes, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Chari-, Ian Marshall, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Mapowder, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marsh and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hirjl Courtney, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, ili the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puriton, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Church Staunton, in the County of Devon:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sherborne, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common , Meadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Honington, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of , in

the County of Norfolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving several Stinted Moors, Stinted Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Park and Forest of Weardale, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Modes, within the Town and Hamlet of Ulverftone, in the Parish of , in the

'County Palatine of Lancaster:

Vol. 54.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pastures, within the Hamlet of Moorgate, in the Parish of -brottgh, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing $pr-tain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of South Brent and Lympsham in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Water Eaton, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Harworth, in the County of N

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Lammas Meadows, and a certain Common, called Cheshunt Common, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Stratford-unand Milford, in the County of Wilts :'

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Bligh, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable hiih to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Maria , otherwise

Huntley:

An Act for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Collot D'Efcury:

An Act for naturalizing IVilltam Conrad Korff:

An Act for naturalizing Abraham Zimon Doncker Cuvelje.

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extra- Accounts of ordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Publ,c in Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th Day of Ja- °e»Preeat nuary 1799 — -distinguishing England from Scotland; and distinguishing, under each Head of Revenue, the Amount of the Gross Receipt, the Rate, per Centum, for collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments, out of the Gross Receipt, on each Head respectively — distinguishing also the Amount of the Net Produce, and the Rate, per Centum, for collecting the same — and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce on each Head respectively — distinguishing also the Payments into the Exchequer — and the Amount of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue on the 5th Days of January 1798 and 1799 respectively, applicable to, or arising from, the Revenues of the said Year — together with the Amount of the unappropriated Balances.remaining in the Exchequer upon each of the Days above-mentioned — inclosing,

Appendix (A.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce and Payments into the Exchequer of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th January 1799 distinguishing the Net Produce on each principal Article, together with an Account of the several Payments made thereout on Account of Drawbacks, Management, Bounties, and Payments, applicable to the Civil Government of Scotland:

Appendix (B. 1.) An Account of the Gfofs Actual Receipt in Money, Charges of Management, and Taxes repaid to Officers, Exports, Allowances,

Bounties, Pensions, Net Produce, and Payments 7 U into

626 13 ° Junii. . 1799.

into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excite and Malt Annual, of England, in the Year ending the 5th January 1799; distinguishing the Grots Receipt, Net Produce, and Net Payments into the Exchequer, of each Article in the said Year: Appendix (B. 2.) An Account of the Gross Actual Receipt in Money, Charges of Management, Exports, Allowances, Bounties, Pensions, Net Produce, and Remittances, to the Commissioners of Excise, London, of the Duties of Excise and Malt Annual, between 5th January 1798 and 5th January 1799; distinguishing the Grot's Receipt, Net Produce, and Remittances, to,

of each Article in the said Year — also, a State of the Payments out of die Revenue of Excise, under the Authority of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer, to the Receiver General of the Crown Rents and Casualties in , distinguishing

the several Purposes,_and Brandies of the Revenue so paid over, as contained in the foregoing Account, from 5th January 1798 to 5th January

Appendix(B. 3.) An Account of the Monies paid into the Exchequer, in the Year ending the 5th January 1799, by the Receiver General of Excise in England, on Account of Bills remitted to him by the Receiver General of the Excise in Scotia)! d;

' Appendix (C. r.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce and Payments into the Exchequer,

' of the Duties arising from Stamps in the Year ending the 5th of January 1799; distinguishing the Heads:

Appendix (C. 2.) An Account of the Balances in the Hands of the several Distributors in Great Britain, on the 3th Day of January 1799 j distin-uishing the Amount of the Balances in the lands of the Country Distributors from the Town, and also from Scotland:

.Appendix (C. 3.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Stamp Duties in North Britain, and Remittances and Payments thereout, from the 3th Day of January 1798 to the 3th Day of January 1799:

Appendix (D. 1.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer and Customs, of the several Taxes in England and Wales, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also of the several Sums of Money paid out of the said Taxes on Account of Militia and Deserters Warrants, Bounties on Flax and Hemp, and Charges of Management, between 5th of 1798 and

3th ot January 1799:

Appendix (D. 2.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer and Customs, of the several Taxes in;

and also, of the several Sums of Money paid out of the said Taxes on Account of Deserters Warrants, Barons Precepts, and Charges of Management, between the 3th Day of January 1798 and the 3th Day of January 1799, dillinguifhvng each Head or Branch — also, an Account of the Balances, or Monies due to the Crown, remaining in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Land and Assessed Taxes of Scotland, on the 3th Day of January 1798 and the 3th Day of January 1799:

Appendix (E.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties arising from Salt in Great Britain, with the several Payments thereout, on Account of Management, Discounts, Payments . into the Exchequer, iic. &c. between the 5th Day of January 1798 and the 3th Day of January 1799; distinguishing the 'Prodilce Of the Duties 6

J

which accrued under the Management of the Commissioners of Salt Duties, from that which arose under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise since the 10th of OElohcr last, at which Period the Management of the Salt Duties was transferred over to the Commissioners of the ' Excise in England and Scotland:

Appendix (F. 1.) An Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Payments into the Exchequer, of the Revenue arising from the Poll Office of England, for the Year ending the 3th of January 1799, together with the Payments thereout, on Account of Management, distinguishing the Inland from the Packet Boat Charges; likewise the Amount of the Pensions and Parliamentary Grants paid out of the Revenue of the Post Office, together with the Amount of the British Postage collected in Ireland, and the Packet Establishment, with the £.4000. per Annum in lieu of Packet Postage, and Difference of Exchange, which are placed to the Debit of the British Office; also the Amount of the Irish Postage collected in Great Britain, together with an Account of the Balances due from, or remaining in the Hands of, the Deputy Postmasters of England, the Deputies under the Foreign Office, the Penny Post Office, and the Receiver General, on the 3th January 1798 and 3th January 1799 — also, an Account of the Monies paid into the Exchequer between the 3th of January 1798 and the 3th of January 1799, on Account of Bills or other Remittances from the Revenue of the Post Office in Scotland — also, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce, and Remittances to the Receiver General of the Post Office in England, arising from the Revenue of the Post in Scotland, between the 5th Day of January 1798 and the 3th Day of January 1799, together with the Amount of the Payments out of the said Revenue on Account of Management, or on any other Account — also an Account of the Balances, or Monies, due to the Public from the Deputy Postmasters of and the Deputy Postmaster General, on the 3th of January 1798 and 3th of January 1799:

Appendix (F. 2,) An Account of Balances due from Deputy Post Masters, and others, on the 5th of January 1798 and 3th of January 1799:

Appendix (G. 1.) An Account of the Grol's and Net Produce of the Deductions of One Shilling in the Pound on Salaries and Pensions received by Mr. John Lane, as Receiver of the said Duty

in England, for the Year ended the 3th of January 1799:

Appendix (G. 2.) An Account of the Amount of the Revenue of the Tax of One Shilling in the Pound on Places and Pensions received by John Fanjhawe, Receiver General of the Land Tax for the District of the Palaces of Whitehall and Saint James's, between the 5th Day of January 1798 and the 5th Day of January 1799; distinguishing the Receiver's Poundage from the Money paid by him into the Exchequer; and also, di£-tinguishing the Balances remaining in his Hands on the 3th Day of January 1798 and on the 3th Day of January 1799, respectively;

Appendix (G. 3.) An Account of the One Shilling Duty on Places and Pensions collected by the Receiver General of the said Duty in,

for the Year ended the 3th Day of January 1799, with the Amount of the Payments thereout on Account of Management, also Payments into the Exchequer, or paid or remitted to any other Person within the said Period, whether Inch Payments accrued from the Revenue of the Year 1798, or of any preceding Year — likewise an

Account

oo

9 Geo. III. 130 Junii. ' 627

Account of the Balances remaining in the Hands Day of January 1798 and the 5th Day of

of the said Receiver General on the 5th of Ja- 1799:

nuary 1798 and the 5th of January 1799, whether Appendix (W.) An Account of the Sums of Mo-

arising from the Produce of the Year 1799 or of i>ey which remained in the Exchequer on the

any preceding Year: 5th Day of January 1798 and the 5th Day of

Appendix (11.) An Account of the-Dedudlions of January 1799; distinguishing the Amount of the

the Sixpence in the Pound Revenue received in Monies appropriated or reserved for particular

England and Scotland, between the 5th Day of Purposes from that which were unappropriated.

January 1798 and the 5th Day of January 1799, And the Titles of the said Accounts were read, with the several Payments made thereout on Ac- , That the said Accounts do lie upon the

count of Management, Exchequer Payments, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

&c.: , That such a Number of Copies of the said

Appendix (I.) An Account of the Gross Actual Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ule Receipt in Money,' Net Produce, and Payments, of the Members of the House.

into the Exchequer, of the Revenue arising from The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, also the Charges Papers of this Session.

of Management, for One Year ending the 5th Day

of January 1799: . Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Appendix (K.) An Account of the Gross Receipt Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for and Net Payment into the Exchequer arising granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred from Licences granted to Hawkers and Pedlars, Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Gover-together with the Amount of Charges of Ma- nor and Company of the Bank of ', to be by

nagement and Allowances paid out of the said ' them placed to the Account of tire Commissioners for Revenue, for the Year ending 5th Januaryx 799: the Reduction of the National Debt, was commit-

Appendix (L.) Alienation Office — State of the Pre- mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had fine Account to the 5th of January 1799: made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to

Appendix (M.) An Account of the Amount of the- report to the House; and he read the Report in his Gross Produce of the Poll Fines received by John Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the JenkinJbn, Esquire, Surveyor and Receiver Gene- Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the ral of the Green Wax, from the 5th of January Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a 1798 to the 5th of January 1799: Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

Appendix (N.) An Account of the Monies paid severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the into the Exchequer, arising from Seizures of un- House.

customed and prohibited Goods, between the 5th Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Day of January 1798 and the 5th Day of January ingrafted.

x799: , That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Appendix (O.) An Account of the total Amount Tomorrow Morning, if the' said Bill shall be then of the Money paid into the Exchequer for Com- ingossed. positions, between the 5th Day of January 1798

and the 5th Day of January 1799: Mr. according to Order, reported from the

Appendix (P.) An Account of the Payments into Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Exchequer, between the 5th Day of January raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions Five Hundred 1798 and the 5th Day of January 1799, of Monies Thousand Pounds, byWay of Annuities, was corn-received for Prefers: mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had

Appendix (Q.) An Account of the several Sums of made to the Bill, and which they had directed him Money received by Collectors and other Receivers, to report to the House; and he read the Report in on Account of the Land Revenue of England and his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with

Wales, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1799 the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where — together with the several Payments made there- the Amendments were Once read throughout; and out on Account of Management, perpetual Pen- then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the fions and Stipends, Warrants by the Lords of the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Treasury on Account for extraordinary Deben- the House.

tures> (sic. csic. within the said Period, also the , That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Balances due by the said Collectors at the Com- ingossed.

mencement and the Termination of the Year: That the said Bill be read the Third Time

Appendix (R.) An Account of the Monies paid Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-into the Exchequer, other than those arising from grafted, the Public Revenue between 6th January 1798

and 5th January 1799; distinguishing each Head That the Order of the Day, for taking into

of Payment: further Confident ion the Report which was made from

Appendix (S.) An Account of Cash received and the Committee, who are appointed to enquire what paid on Account of the Englishand Irish Lotteries, Public General Laws have expired within Twelve from the 5th January 1798 to the 5th January Months preceding the Commencement of the pre-

1799: t sent Session of Parliament; and also, what Laws are

Appendix (T.) An Account of the several Sums of about to expire within Twelve Months subsequent to Money arising from an Act of the said Session of the Commencement of the present Session, or in the Parliament, granting His Majesty an Aid and Course of the next Session, or at the End thereof, and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, to report the fame, from Time to Time, to the House, paid into the Exchequer, from the Commence- with their Opinion which of them are fit to be revived, ment.of the said Act until the 5th Day of Ja- continued, or made perpetual; and to whom the Re-nuary 1799, on Account of Voluntary Contribu- port which, upon the 12th Day of May 1796, was made tions, or Contributions in Part to cover Aflhifed from the Committee, who were appointed to inspe^k and Taxes imputed by the said Act: consider all the Temporary Laws of a Public Nature

Appendix (V.) An Account of the Total Sums of expired, or expiring, was referred; and who were in-Money which have been paid into the Exchequer Hr acted to esquire, and report to the House, what on Account of Public Loans, between the 5th Laws expired, or near expiring, have been revived, con-Von. 54. tinned *

National Debt Bill, reported.

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, reported.

Report on Expiring Laws, further considered.

Jlfro-t W.tvj ai.ci Means.

Exchequer

fc.ds.

Additional Duty on Shi ©tr *

628

13° Jan it. A. 1799 *

tinned, or made perpetual, by any Act or Acts of the preiem SefHcn of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Five first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The lad Rdo.'utHn of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the Iioule.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Mr. Rose, and

Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Inilruftion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the Five fird of the said Resolutions which have been podponed.

Mr. Brugge, according to Order, reported From the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-, forced to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the Iioule; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the additional Sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Fird Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged an additional Duty of Eight. Pence upon every Hundred Weight of Brown and Muscovado Sugar imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pyhus, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, is committed, That they do make Provisionin the said Bill, pursuant to the lad of the said Resolutions.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of Account of

3,200,000. granted to His Majesty towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army, and Army for the Year 1798, paid by the Right honour- I^,butj°? able the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces: Cn-dlrTpre-And also, «>» .

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 938,19a. 3 . "jd. being Part of the Sum of1,000,000. raised by an Act in the last Session of Parliament, and granted to' His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprize or Designs of His Majesty's Enemies, and the Exigency of Affairs may require, paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces: And also.

An Account of the Distribution of the Sum of £. 1,000,000. raised by an Act in the last Session of Parliament, and granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprize or Designs of His Majesty's Enemies, and th? Exigency of Affairs may require.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £ 3,200,000, granted to His Majesty, towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Extijaordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1798, paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces *

Dates of Warrants.

1798. February 25th.

January 3d.

June 29th. 7th.

August 21ft.

To Mr. E. Thornton, for supplying the Troops in the West Indies with Fresh

Meat....." . ' ‘ >5°° ——

To Mrs. E. Piekstone, for Provisions laid up in Store in Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, for Rent of Storehouses and Repayment of Custom House Duties - - 2,147 4 5

To D", for D° Service ----- - 1,482 16 1

To William Fettes, for Beef provided and stored in the

Garrisons in North Britain - - - - 1,214 2

To Francis Ortegat, for Deliveries of Provisions and Forage to the Forces lately serving on the Continent, and Losses sustained under his Contrail - - - 4,440 510

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Valentine Jones, (iommiflary General in the Windward and Leeward Islands, for Public Services 534 754 4 To D", drawn by C. Nesbitt, Inspector General of Foreign Corps, for D° Service ----- - 40,485 5 5

To D\ drawn by Thomas Carleton, Lieutenant Governor

of New Brunswick, for D°Service - - - 3,850 ""

To D°, drawn by D' Auvergne Prince of Bouillion» Commandant at Jersey, for D° Service - 20,150 — —

To D , drawn by John Erskine, Commissary General at

Portugal, for D° Sgwice - - - -100,926 15 6i

£ d.

17,784 16 6

To

Goc

39 Geo. III.

13° Junii.

Dates of Warrants.

1798. Augifl 21ft.

Vol. 54-

To feills of Exchange, drawn by the Earl of Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica, for Public Services - 93 552 19 To D°, drawn by Henry Tucker, President at Bermuda, for

D° Service ----- --- 11,316 14

To D®, drawn by John Robinson, Deputy Paymaster at St. John's, New Brunswick, for D® Service - - - 10 707 2

To D°, dr?wn by Henry Motz, Commissary General in Great Britain, for D Service ----- 17,800 — -

To D°, drawn by Havd Le Mejurier, D®-in D®, for D°

Service - - - - - - 16,727 14

To D®, drawn by N. Whitworth, Deputy Commissary /

General in the Mediterranean, for D® Service - - 36,300 — -

To D®, drawn by Henry Couper, Deputy Inspector General

of Foreign Corps, for D® Service - 8,250 — -

To D", drawn by Martin Petrie, Commissary of Accounts in Portugal, for D° Service ----- 300 —

To D®, drawn by the Honourable William Wyndham,

Envoy at Florence, for D® Service - - - - 7,100 —

To D®, drawn by Charles O'Hara, Governor of Gibraltar,

for D® Service ----- -- 729 10

To D®, drawn by Peter Russell, President in Upper Canada,

for D" Service - - 6,760 2

To D®, drawn by A. Gordon, Commandant at Jersey, for

D® Service - 6,147 9

To D®, drawn by Peter I Mejurier, Governor of Alderney,

for D° Service - - - - -1,7 20 16

T o D®, drawn by James Campbell, President at Tobago, for

D® Service - -- -- - 19 —

To D®, drawn by Forbes and Co, at the Bahamas, for D®

Service - - i>592 9

To D®, drawn by R. Hunt, President at D®, for D® Service - 10,862 7

To D°, drawn by Thomas Matson, President at Dominica,

for D® Service ----- -- 899 12

To D®, drawn by Alexander Begbie, Commissary in the

Bahamas, for D® Service ----- - 3 863 3

To D®, drawn by William Eppes, Commissary General at

Newfoundland, for D® Service - - - 3>545 »9

To D®, drawn by Stephen Sullivan, Consul at Rome, for D®

Service - - - - 630 6

To D®, drawn by Alexander Brymer, Deputy Paymaster at

Halifax, for D° Service - - - 19 308 19

To D®, drawn by Sir John Wentworth, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scctia, for D Service - 26,296 13

To D°, drawn by Lord Macartney, Governor of The Cape

of Good Hope, for D® Service ----- 1,000 —

To D°, drawn by General Don, for D® Service - - 11,255 —

To D®, drawn by James Seton, Governor of Saint

for D® Service - - - , - - - - 1,821 1

To D®, drawn by the Honourable Robert Walpole, Envoy

at Lisbon, for D® Service ----- - 1,470 11

To D , drawn by Lieutenant Colonel Durell, for D® Service 38,476 — To D°, drawn by Sir H. Dalrymple, Lieutenant Governor

of Guernsey, for D® Service - . - - 6,558 8

To D®, drawn by the Earl of Dunmore, Governor of the

Bahamas, for D® Service ----- 25,905 13

To D®, drawn by Richard Master, Consul General at Algiers, for D° Service ----- - 422 —

To D°, drawn by William Dowdeswell, Governor of the

Bahamas, for D° Service - - - - 7,220 5

To D", drawn by George Beckwith, Governor of Bermuda, -

for D® Service - - - - 6,200 —

To D°, drawn by the Honourable C. Johnstone, Governor of

Dominica, for D® Service ----- 15,802 13

To D®, drawn by Edmund Fanning, Lieutenant Governor

of Saint John's, for D° Service ----- 460 16

To D°, drawn by W, A. Otway, Captain in the Navy, for

D® Service - 18,650 —

To D®, drawn by G. P. Ricketts, Governor of Barbadoes,

for D® Service ----- -- 201 io

To D®, drawn by Stephen de Lancey, Governor of Tobago, for D® Service -.....20a 10

7 *

7?

4 *

5f

3i

4

9

5 *

2

9

2

9

1

9i

5 *

9 *

II

til

Hi

IO

6

629

s. d.

To

C.

130 JuniL

Daces of Warrants.

1798. August a I ft.

Dates of Warrants.

797 December 4 th. 1798.-March 9th.

November 1 5th.

>797-

November 2 2d.

1794.

July ad.

1795-

June 25th.

1796. April nth.

June 27 th.

To Vills of Exchange, drawn by D. Ma, President at

Cape Breton, for public Service ----- 592 g <x\

To p°, drawn by Alexander Carmack, Deputy Commissary.

at Saint John's, Newfoundland, for D Service - - 1,740 — a

To P", drawn by Robert Thomson, President at Saint for D° Service - - - - ,450 in

To P % drawn by Sir William HamiltonEnvoy at Naples,

for D° Service 6,000 ——

To p°, drawn by William Bentinck, Governor of Saint Vincent's, for D° Service - - - 778 5 5?

To p°, drawn by Charles Green, Governor of Grenada, for D° Service - - - - - - >899 2 9

To D°, drawn by William Keppel, Governor of Martinique, for D" Service - - - - 1 838 16 7

To D°,.drawn by John Wigglesworth, Commiflikry General at Saint Domingo, for D° service - -. - 970,000 —

To D°, drawn by Robert Craufurd, Esq; for D° Service - 10,440 — — To p°, drawn by 'Thomas Wiljfon, President at Tobago, for

D° Service - jo IO —

To D % drawn by John Glasfurd, Acting Commissary Gej neral in the Windward and Leeward Islands, for D°

Service - -206,952 4 6$

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by General O'Hara, for sundry Special Contingent Services of the Garrison of Gibraltar -To D°, drawn by Mr. G. Sweetland, Acting Deputy Paymaster at Gibraltar, for Extra Expences of the Forces in that Garrison -To D % drawn by H. Ross, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army at The Cape of Good Hope -

To D % drawn by the Acting Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies, for D° of the Forces there -ToCash paid by Mr. Brymer, A ding Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter, to the 24th of December 1797 - 18,260 15 7

To D°, paid by D°, for D°, to 24th March 1798 - - 15,528 17 5

To D°, paid by D°, for D°, to 24th June 1798 - - 17,627 6 3

To D°, paid by D", for D°, to 24th September 1798 - - 25,188 3 7

To D°, paid Mr. Winslow, Acting Deputy Paymaster in Canada, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter, to 24th September 1797 - 24,687 16 10

To D°, paid by D°, for D°, to 24th December 1797 - 27,105 19 6

To D°, paid by D°, for D°, to 24th March 1798 - - 9,463 8 6

To D % paid by D", for D°, to 24th June 1798 - - 32,274 18 9

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Mr. R at -

To MdTrs. Boyd, Benfteld, and Co. to be by them remitted to the Deputy at The Cape of Good Hope, for the Supply of the Troops there To Mr. E. J. Eckhardt, for Meal, Forage, and other Articles supplied by him, under several Contracts for the Service of the Army lately serving on the Continent ——

To Major General Count de Meuron, in Part Compensation for the Services he pel-formed to His Majesty in the Island of Ceylon in 1795, and to satisfy Engagements entered into with him in the said Island -

To Mr. Merry, for additional Duty, Freight, and Insurance on 1,566$ Chaldron of Coals, sent by him for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar, and for Demurrage paid by him on certain Vessels laden with Coals for the said Garrison ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Ellis, for Expences of Passage, &c. of Two Companies of the late 89th Regiment of Foot in the Indies - - 50 — —

To Colonel John Ramsay, for Expences in going with a Flag of Truce to Helvoetfluys, by Order of the Duke of York - - - 38 11 —

To William Chinnery, Esq; for the like Sum advanced by

him to Two Clerks in the Department bf Mr. Commissary Wigglesworth - - - - 40 — —

To Lieutenant Colonel George Lind, for Expences in bringing Dispatches from Gibraltar - - - - 85 11 —

A. 1799-

-i - —

t

d.

2,322,987 8 $

13,956 — i

13,000 ——

123,552 — a 500 — — -

r

j76,6o$ 2 10

93.53 3 7

6,513 11 —

100,000 — —

62,000 —

50,000 — —

6,596 15 5

To

39 Geo. III.

_ o cv

13 Ju

Dates of Warrants.

— r. — — i -

797-

March 15th.

3d.

May 9th.

Augujl30th

September nth.

October 5th.

iith.

13th.

December 23d. 1798. January 2d.

3th.

I8th.

February 23d May 21 ft.

25th.

June 7th.

July a iff

Auguj

21ft

22d.

September 13 th October 20th.

To Lieutenant 5. Dodsworth, for Expences incurred in carrying L> i I patches from General Craig to the Duke of York - -

To Captain P. Frafer, late Commander of the Ship Nar-cijjus, for extra Expence incurred in purchasing Gun Boats for the Bahama I Hands - -

To Murray Farquharson, for Hire of Negroes employed in

the Engineers Department at Fort Charlotte in Saint Vincent'from 4th August to 30th September 17 95 To Captain William Brown, x>£ the for conveying

the Prince of Waldeck and Suite, from Falmouth to Liston - *

To Lieutenant M‘ Namara, of Marines, as a Compensation whilst employed in the Command of Troops and Marines on Shore in the West Indies, and in Reimbursement of his Expences, &c. ——

To the Chevalier dc Boijgelin, for Bat and Forage Money for himself and other Ofiicefs of the late Regiment of Royal Louis, and their Loss of Baggage on the Evacuatiou of Toulon - -

To Captain Thomas Moore, in Consideration of his Military Services and Sufferings ——

To Ensign A. Love, of the 63d Regiment of Foot, for the Expences attending the Cure of a Wound received in Saint Vincent's ——

To Colonel John Ramsay, for Expences during the Time he was employed with the Army in Portugal -To John Crawford, Esq; for the Balance of his Account,

as late Deputy Commissary in America -To C. Broughton, Esq; for the Use of the Honourable W. Wyndham, for Expences incurred by him on Account of Government during the Occupation of Corsica, and the Isle of Elbe, by the British Forces To Le Comte de la Marche, in Consideration of his Services and Losses by his active Assistance afforded the British Army under Sir C. Grey at Guadaloupe -To Sir John M.Hayes, Physician to the Army in America

under the late Lieutenant General Burgoyne, in Reimbursement of the like Sum expended for the Public Service ——

To William Mitford, Esq; to be paid to R. Lindiman, late a Private in the 9th Regiment of Foot, for Work done at Saint Lucia ——

To Mrs. C. Mathews, for a Quantity of Copper Coin consigned to Admiral Waldegrave at Newfoundland, for Public Service ——

To J. Weston, Esq; for Stationary supplied the Military Departments in Canada ——

To William Mitford, Esq; in Reimbursements of the like Sum paid by him for Work done for Public Service in the West Indies ——

To Angus Mlntosh, for his Disbursements, &c. in the

Commissariat at Guadaloupe -

To Mrs. C. Mathews, for Copper Coin shipped for the

Cape of Good Hope for the Payment of the Troops there To D° for D Service -

To Messrs. T. and W.Raikes, for C. A. as a Compensation for the Loss sustained by him in consequence of Bills of Exchange drawn in his Favour upon R. , Esq; by Captain Richard Gardiner, for Money advanced on Account of Foreign Troops in British Pay having been returned protested -To J. F. IV. de Barres, late Lieutenant Governor of Cape Breton, for Expences attending Bills drawn by him being protested, and Repayment of a Sum improperly charged against him in his declared Account -To Samuel lean, Esq; late Commissary of Accounts, and Commissary of Mullers in America, for sundry Expences To Lieutenant Colonel G. F. Koehler, to defray the Expences of his Journey to Conjlautinop/e, on a Military Service ——

45 ——

54 n —

162 9 6

100 — —

70 6 4

814 6 — 104 11 —

70 8 —

704 11 — 1,279 18 1

M73 13 —

1,504 11 —

369 11 4

22 5 2

1,011 11 6

1,080 9 7

17 1 8

2,058 7 2

2,754 1

3,254 11 —

- 6,004 17 5

828 6 5 109 16 9

500 ——

631

VO L. 54.

To

6$2

13° J

Dates of Warrants.

1798. November 28th.

30th.

17 94-

October 15th.

22d.

T795 April 13 th. 1796.

June 30th.

August 30th.

1797. Jnudry 9th.

nth.

25th.

February ift. March 2d.

15th.

26th. 28th. May 3d. 9th.

June 8 th.

zSth.

August 7th.

To the Representatives of Major Wright, for 57 Days

Pay as Bridge Matter on the Continent, to 24th December 1793 ——

To H. 'Taylor, for having a<tted as Attittant Secretary to the Duke of York, Commander in Chief on the Continent, from 25th December 1794 to 29th September 1795 To Vice Admiral Gocdall, for 60 Days Allowance as Governor of Toulon, to 31st Obl 1793

To C. Majon, for 189 Days Pay as Commissary of Accounts to the Army on the Continent, to 30th June i7s6 - - - 7

To lundry Persons in the Commissariat Department on the Continent, for their Pay for various Periods in 1796 ——

To Faster Hutchinson, for 732 Days Pay as Attittant Com-

miflary in America, to 29th 1796' - -

To General Morrijon, for 183 Days additional Pay as Quarter Matter General, to 24th December 1796 To Major General Carleton, for Half a Year's Allowance as Governor of New Brunswick, to 24th June 1796 To John Gunning, Esq; for 366 Days additional Pay as Surgeon General, to 24th December 1796 To Major D. Paterjon, for 183 Days extra Allowance as Attittant Quarter Matter General, to D°

To James Nagle, for 240 Days Pay as Deputy Commissary of Mutters at The Cape of Hope, to D° - »-

To Lewis Foy, for 366 Days additional Pay as D° in

to D ....

To Colonel John Murray, for his Allowance as Inspector General of Foreign Corps at Domingo, from 27 th August 1795 to 31st October 1796 -

To l'everal Officers of the CommiflTariat Department lately serving on the Continent, for their Pay for sundry Periods in 1796 ——

To Major General Carleton, for Half a Year's Allowance as Governor of New Brunswick, to 24th December 1796 To Dr. Samuel Cave, for 275 Days Pay as Physician to the Forces, to 24th December 1796 -

To the several Deputy Commissaries in South for the increased Expence of travelling in 1796 To Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Moore, for his Allowance for Two Years and a Half, to 24th March 1797, for his long Services, particularly during the Siege of Gibraltar To Nicholas Barnewall, - for One Year's Allowance, to 25th December 1796, for his Lottes, &c. as late Commissary in Grenada - -

To Sir William Fawcett, K. B. for 182 Days additional Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1797 To General Morrijon, for 182 Days D" as Quarter Matter General, toD°

To Lieutenant General David Dundas, for 182 Days Pay as Quarter Matter General, to D" - -

To D°, for 32 Days additional Pay as D°, to the 25th of January 1797 ——

To D°, for 150 Days D° as D° to 24th June 1797 -

To the Representatives of Dr. John Foote, for 134 Days Pay as Purveyor of Hospitals in Saint Domingo, to 24th December 1794 - -

To Stewart Henderson, for 256 Days Pay as Apothecary to the Forces under the Command of Major General Clarke, to 24th December 1795-

A. 17991

I'D Lieutenant General Thomas Trigge, to provide himself with an Equipage as General and Commander in Chief in the West Indies ——

For the Outfit and travelling Expences of sundry Officers to Constantinople, on a special Service under Colonel Koehler ——

To Mr. John Joberns, in Consideration of the Zeal and Readinefswith which he proceeded to attend the wounded British Officers at OJtend -

1,000

i,8oo — —

100 —

26 19 II

229 4 —

180 — —

CO 0 —

777 5 "

366 —

1,040 2 —

250 —

520 1 —

43 6 9

113 3 5

86 13 6

838 i to —

1,208 9 —

250 - —

260 9 11

300

26,309.15 tt

375 — —

200 ——

1,034 8 —

689 12 1

172 8 —

60 12 5 568 7 1

58 »3 3

12! 4 II

To

39 Geo. III.

r3° J

Dates of Warrants.

1797. August 7 th.

iith.

16th.

September 29th. Dffober 13th.

November 27th.

29th.

"December 13th. 1798. January 3d.

10th. 17 th.

February 8 th.

March 12th.

Date of Secretary at War's Letter.

1798. April 13 th.

Dates of Warrants,

April 19th

May lift, 30th

August 1 ft, 2 2d

Dates of Secretary at War's Letters.

To Thomas Docker, for 282 Days Pay as Surgeon to the Forces under the Command of Major General Clarke, to 24th December1795 - - - 133 11 3

To Alexander Jameson, for 125 Days D® as D® to the Forces

at Toulon, to 24th March 1794 - - - - 594 —

To Thomas Rogerson, for .5.48 Days additional Pay as

Resident Commissary at Antigua, to 24th December 1795 274 — —

To E. Home, fcfqs for 366 Days Pay as Surgeon to the

Forces, to 24th December 1796 - - - >73 7 —

To Major General Triggc, for 204 Days D° as a Major

General with One Aid de Camp, at , to D" 483 2 1

To G. Brinley, Esq; for 365 Days Pay as Commissary of the Army at Halifax, North America, to 21st June

1797 - £73 >5 T

To D", for 365 Days additional Pay as D® to D® - - 91 5 —

To James Lawrie, for Half a Year's Allowance as late Sut perintendant Captain, See. on the Mosquito Shore, to 21st June 1797 - 250 — —

To C. Klafon, for 368 Days Pay, as Commissary of Accounts to the Army on the Continent, to the 3d July

1797 - _ - - 736 -

To General Raimford, for 127 Days D®, as a Lieutenant General, with Two Aides de Camp, to 29th April 1796 ----- ---- 601 10 3

To Dr. James Robertson, for 36 Days D®, as Inspector of Hospitals to the Forces in Corsica, to 29th November

1796 ----- ----- 51 3 —

To Lord Minto, for Half a Year's Salary, as late Viceroy of '

Corsica, to 3d May 1796 - - - 4,000 — —

To the Duke of York, for the additional Pay of his public Secretary, and for the Pay of a private Secretary, from

25th December 1795 to 24th December 1796 - - ,296 ——

To Captain J. Wilson, for 120 Days Pay as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to the 12th of October I "797 - 56 16 8

To Sir William Fawcett, K. B. for 425 Days Pay of his Assistant, as Adjutant General, to the 24th December

1797 ----- ---- too ia it

To Lieutenant Colonel William Twifs, for 2,922 Days Pay

as Comptroller of Works, and acting Engineer at Quebec, to 30th August 1784 - - - - 730 10 —

To James Lawrie, for Half a Year's Allowance, as late

Superintendant Captain, &c. on the Mfquito Shore, to 21st December 1797 ----- - 250 ——

To Jonathan Ogden, for 243 Days Pay, as Surgeon to the Garrison of Saint John's, Newfoundland, to 24th June 1798 ----- ---- 115 9

To sundry Persons, for Half Pay for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, during the late War, to various Periods - - - - 33 7""

To Gregory Townshend, for 365 Days Pay as Assistant Commissary in America, to 31st December 1796 a - 18210 —

To the Duke of York, for the additional Pay of his public Secretary, and for the Pay of a private Secretary, for One Year, to 24th December 1797 - >293 5 —

To the several Members of the Committee that was appointed in the Year 1786 to examine, settle, and state the Non-effective and other Accounts of the Army during the American War, in Reward for their Services - - 4,117 3 3

To the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, for additional

Salaryi from Lady Day 1797 to Midfummir 1798 - ,250 ——

August 30th 'September 27th

To MeflVs. Cox and Co. for 122 Days extra Pay of the Staff Officers doing Duty with the Flank Battalions in the Eastern District, to 24th September 1798 - - 280

To D®, fot Pay of D®, doing Duty with D®, in sundry Dif-

tridts, to 24th October 1798- - - - - 40©

Vo l. 4;

?Y

6.33 £ 1-

to

634

i 30 JuniL

Date of Secretary at War's Letters.

1793.

October 8 th.

November 7 th. 2ad 27 th.

Dates of Warrants

'November Jotli

1797- .

Cflober 24th,

December 7 th. 1798. June 18 th.

‘February 24th.

I June 20th. September 21ft. 1796. Attguft31st.

November 14th.

December 16 th.

797- ,

April 28 th.

May 31 ft. June 15 th.

21ft. July5th.

To Me firs. Cox and Co. for extra Pay of the Staff Officers doing Duty with the Flank Battalions in Sir William Pitt's District, to 24th November 1798 -

To D°, for Pay of D", doing Duty with D° in the Yorkshire District, to D" - -To D°, for D° of D°, doing t)uty with D° in the Southern District, from 25th July to j 6th 1798

To D‘, for D3 of D°, doing Duty with D in D° District, from the 17th of October to the 24th December 1798

To the Chevalier du Gravierfor 442 Days Pay as In-

speeftor of Fortifications at Domingo, to 12th May 1798 '....

85 --

400 — —

500 — — 250 — —

335 1 —

To Mefirs. Adams and Welsford, as an Indemnification for their Lofifes, on Account of their Contract, by the Very high Price of Grain in 1795, to complete a Warrant for £. 10,000 - - - 5,000 — —

To D % for Interest for Cash advanced for Bread delivered

to the Troops, &c. ----- - 283 i 5

To D°, for the Balance of their Account as Contractors for supplying the Forces encamped in England in 1795, with Bread, Wood, Straw, and Forage - - - - 30 1 6

To William 1'ettes for supplying Bread, Forage, Wood, and the Forces encamped, in 1797, in North

Straw, to Britain

To D3, for D3 Service in 1798 To D % for D° Service

1,030 5,000 2',000

30th, August 7 tli

16th.

798- . January 4th.

To Lieutenant General PreJcottK for Baggage and Forage Money for Officers of the 28th Regiment of Foot, who were embarked with ' Ralph Abercromby, and have since embarked for Service

at Gibraltar ——

To the Earl of Uxbridge for D°, for the additional Company to the Stafford Militia, ordered to take the Field in 1796 -

To D°, to complete the Field Allowances of the Subaltern Officers of the Stafford Militia -To Lieutenant General Prescott> for Baggage and Forage Money for certain Officers of 28th Regiment of Foot lately returned from the West Indies, and have since been ordered to Gibraltar +

To Lieutenant General Smith for Bat and Blanket ITorfes for the 43d Regiment of Foot, ordered on Foreign Service ——

To Lord Amherfi for D°, for the 4th Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot, ordered on D° -For the Maintenance of the Baggage Horses of lundry Corps of Militia, from the Campaign 1795, to the Campaign 1796- - -

For D° of lundry Corps of Militia, from the Campaign 1794 to the Campaign 1795 "

For D° of sundry Corps, from the Campaign 1795 to the Campaign 1796 For Forage Money for sundry Corps of Militia ordered to take the Field, being the Fourth Year of their Encampment - 1 282

To the Duke of Richmond, for Forage Money for the Sussex Militia, ordered to take the Field, being die Fifth Year of its Encampment ——

For Forage Money for sundry Corps of Militia ordered to take the Field, being the Third Year of their Encampment - - -. - - 696

For Baggage ami Forage Money for the 6th Regiment of Irish Brigade, ordered on Foreign Service -For 200 Days Forage Money to die General and Staff Officers, on taking the Field in the Year 1797 For Baggage and Forage Money for sundry Regiments of Foot ordered to take the Field -To J. F. Fauchier, for 200 Days Bat and Forage, as late

Surgeon's Mate in the Regiment of Royal Louis, at Toulon -

A. 1799 *

L s.

29.350 s i

the

Sir

327 10 —

45 ——

62 10 —

5° ——

210 — —

210 — —

1,140 ——

935 -

205 ——

8 —

406 16 —

8 —

55 5 —

ib,2i7 5 —

1,520 ——

3.343 a 11

8 15 —

To

39 Geo. Ill:

:o cv ' *

13 JuniL

Date of Warrant.

1798-January 17 th.

Dates of Secretary War's Letters.

June 18 th. 50th.

bates of Warrants.

August 15th.

Dates of Secretary at War' Letters.

September 7th.

Uth. November ift.

bates of Warrants.

To the Earl of Radnor, for Baggage Horses for the additional Company to the Berks Militia in 1794 - - 37 16 —

For Bat and Blanket Horles, and for Baggage and Forage

Money for the Bucks Militia, ordered on Service - - 1,098 15

For D®, for sundry Regiments of Militia, ordered to embark for Service in Ireland - - - - 4.58915

For Baggage and Forage for sundry Regiments of Foot,

ordered on Foreign Service - - - 7 - 2,845 —

For Bat and Blanket Horses for D° Regiments - - 1,030 —

For Bat and Blanket Horses, and for Baggage and Forage for sundry Corps of Militia, ordered to embark for Service in Ireland ——

For D® for the North Hants Militia, ordered to embark for Service in D° -. -

For D® for Two Regiments of Fencible Infantry, ordered to embark for Service in D®

797-

January nth. June 14th.

July 26th.

798-January 3d.

18th.

February 2ift.

1797 November 15th.

Olfcber 18 th.

1 December 6th.

To Lord A. Gordon, for so much expended by him on divers Occasions in North Britain in 17 96- - -

To Lieutenant Colonel Mackay, for his contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General in D°, ftom 25th June to 24th December 1796 - - - *

To Lieutenant Colonel Dirom, for his D°, as Deputy Quarter Master General in D", from D° to D®

To Lieutenant Colonel Mackay, for his D°, as Deputy Adjutant General in D", from 25th December 1796 to 24th June 1797 ——

To Lieutenant Colonel Dirom, for his D®, as Deputy Quarter Master General in D®, from D® to D® -To Lord A. Gordon, for Expences attending Encampments, &c. in North Britain in 1796 -To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for furnishing Specie to the Troops in &c.

for One Year to Christmas 1797 -

To John Geddes, Esquire, for Necessaries, &c. for the Use

of the Forces in North Britain, for the Year 1797

5,-625 10 —

643 5 —

1,616 5 —

rs Occasions in

300 ——

78 3 —

78 3

78 3 —

78 3 —

832 7 7

845 11 —

',697 16 1

20m,

'79s-

January 3d. 17th.

February iS:h. March 29th.

To Messrs. Pearje, for the Purchase of Shoes for the Use of the Forces in the Leeward JJlands ——

To Messrs. Rcjs and Ogilvie, to make good the Deficiency on the Assignment of the 30th Regiment of Dragoons, discontinued on the Establish-merit - r

To Mr. Browne, to make good D° on D° of the 32d Regiment of D°, discontinued on Q° *

To Mr. Liudjay, to make good D° on D of the 104th Regiment of Foot, discontinued on D° -To D°, to make good D° on D° of the 10+th and 113th D°

To Mr. J. L. Campbell, to make good DJ on D° of the Fu ll and Second Battalions of Breadalbane Fencibles -To several Persons, to make good D° on the Alignments of sundry Regiments - - - .

To Messrs. Smith and Armftrcngy to make good D° on the Assignmtn of Lieutenant Colonel Skerrett's West India Corps, discontinued cn the Establishment -To several ‘Persons to make good D° on D° of sundry Corps - - ' . - - - . -

To Meifrs. Cox and Greenwood, to make good D° on D°, of the 18th Regiment of Dragoons -

To D % to make good D° on D % of 105th Regiment of Foot, discontinued on the Establishment -To D°, to make good D° on the First Assignment of D°

Regiment ——

VOL. 54.

2,525 6 r 5

',547 5 6

1,002 J4 4

4,694 7 7

383 U 10

2,988 8 6

857 11 6

i>9 9 17 6

43 8 4

1,092 18 3

> 439 19 4

______63

it S'

35'379 i

3,928 \i

2 2j'0 4

L-

«3<S

13 Junu.

Dates of Warrants. k ----- ---- i -

1798.

M 2d.

9th.

June 20th. July 18 th.

25th.

August 29th. October 17 th.

179^ Augitjh 3 1 ft.

x 7 97- ,

June 14th.

21ft.

July 19th.

795 *

March 6 th.

17 97 August 16 th.

1796.

July 29th.

August31st.

0ffoler 5 th.

21ft.

>797 February 22d.

May 24th.

26th. July 26th.

August 9th.

To Mr. Donaldjon, to make good the Deficiency oil the

First Assignment of 106th Regiment of Foot To D8, to make good D8 on the Assignment of D8 Regiment, discontinued on the Establishment -To Mr. IV. Morton, to make good D° on D8i of 128th Regiment of Foot - - - - , -

To MefliS. Cox and Greenwood, to make good D8 upon the First Assignment of the 103d Regiment of Foot -To Mr. Donaldjon, to make good D° on the Assignments

of sundry Corps -

To Mcflrs. Cox and Greenwood, to make good D8 upon the First Assignment of the 11 ith Regiment of Foot To sundry Persons to make good D° upon the Assignments of i'everal Corps reduced or disbanded in 1795 1796, and 1797 - - - -

To sundry Persons, to make good D8 upon the Assignments of several D'reduced in D° Years *

To sundry Persons, to make good D° upon the Assignments of sundry Corps reduced or disbanded -To Messrs. Collyerl, to make good D° upon the Assignment of the 25 th Regiment of Dragoons, reduced from 25th December 1795 ——

2,119 a 8

i>9 63 10 5

1,860 4 5

4+5 4 1

44$ if 1

2,066 — i

7>37° 6 1

7,33i 16 7

1,480 15 1

433 13 7

To Lieutenant Colonel CamerOn, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 79th Regiment of Foot, loft or taken by the Enemy - 646 3 10

To Lieutenant General Leland, to replace sundry D° of the 64th D°, delivered into Store, or loft in Action in the West Indies - - - - 256 li ir

To Major General Cuyler, to replace D8 of the 69th D % which were supplied to several Supernumeraries thereof, or loft on Service a ----- - 966 10 9

To the Earl of Upper OJfory, for Accoutrements for the

Augmentation to the Bedford Militia - - 131 i£ 6

To Lieutenant Colonel Beresford, for Knapsacks for the 124th Regiment of Foot - - 224 i# 6

To Colonel Newnham, for D° for the West London Militia 233 6 6

To Sir IV. Lewes for D° for the East London D8 - - 233 6 6

To Sir D. Lindsay, for Losses of sundry Commissioned and Warrant Officers of 59th Regiment of Foot on the Continent - - 87 15 —

To Lieutenant Colonel Cameron, for D° of sundry D° of

the 79th Regiment of Foot, on D° - 47 1 6

To Sir H. Munro, for D° of sundry Non-commissioned

Officers and Privates of the 42d D8 on D° - - 673 I —

To Lieutenant General Campbell, for D° of sundry D° of the 57th D° on D8 - - - . 298 3 6

To Captain John Cameron, of the 43d Regiment of Foot, for the Lois of Regimental Money sustained by him at the Evacuation of Grand Ferre, in Guadaloupe - - 103 3 —

To Lieutenant Daniel Myjrea, of the 42ft Regiment of

Foot, for Loss of Baggage when taken by the Enemy 63 3 —

To D. F. Blemmart, of the late 99th Regiment of Foot,

for Losses he sustained when taken by the Enemy on his Passage from the West Indies - - - 83 3 — *

To Lieutenant George Whyte, of the 35th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage when taken by the

Enemy - - - -a- - - 63 3 —

To Major General Gardiner for D°, sustained by Two Officers of the 99th Regiment, when taken by D" on their Passage from the West Indies - - - 143 3 —

To Lieutenant General Hamilton for D8 of sundry Officers of the 2 ift DJ, when the Mackerel Transport foundered

at Sea - - - - 694 9 —

To Lord Amhcrjl, for D° of Two Officers of the 60th D8,'

when taken by the Enemy - - - 184 4 —

To Major General Grinfield, for D8 of Two D°of the 86th

D", when the Boyne was burnt at Spithead - 103 3 —

To Major General Gardiner, for D° sustained by sundry Officers of the 99th Regiment of Foot, when taken by the Enemy 204 4 —

A. 1799>

£. i. dr»

44,400 17 5

2,001 2 —

(91 it £

To

39 Geo. Ill,

Ao cy

13 Junn.

Dates of Warrants.

797 *

August 24th.

1798.

'January 3d.

4th. April 19th.

May 30 th. {July 23d.

797-December 27th.

To C. Wright^ fof his Losses, and the severe Duties he was

employed on as late Acting Assistant Commissary on tha Continent

To Hospital Mate Warcup, for the Loss he sustained when taken Prisoner on his Passage to the West Indies -To C.W. Dexter, Major of Marines, for the Loss of Baggage at the Evacuation of Toulon _

To the Marquis de Seignelay, for the Loss of a Charger, whilst serving as a General Officer under the Earl of Moira in 1794 - -

To Captain R. Wilson, of the First West India Regiment, for Loss of Baggage when taken by the Enemy -To Lieutenant Colonel Charles for Loss of Baggage

at the Evacuation of Toulon -

47 5 63 3 84 11

To James Window, Esqj on Account, to enable him to

1798. Disbursemems for Hospitals, - - - 1,200

January 3d. To D", for D° Service - - - - 2,000 — —

10th. To D", for D° Service - - - - 2,000 — —

31st. To D°, for D° Service - - - 2,000 — —

February 28th. To D°, for D° Service - - - 3,000

May 9th. To D°, for D° Service - - - - 5,000

June 4th. To D8, for D8 Service - - - 5,000

August 16th. To D°, for D# Service - - 3,000

September 19th. To D°, for D° Service - - m 3,000 — —

October ^d. To D°, for D° Service - - - m 1 \ O O O

November 21 ft. To D°, for D8 Service - - - 3,000

December 5 th. To D°, for D° Service - - 2,000 — -

April 18th. For Six Months Allowance to the Field Officers and Captains of the ift Regiment of Foot Guards, to 24th December 1797 - 2,520 9 8 For Six Monrr.s D°, of id Regiment of D° to D° - - 1,591 3 8

25th. August 1 ft. For Six Months D°, of 3d Regiment of D° For Six Months D°, of ift Regiment of D 1798 - .-For Six Months D°, of 2d D8 of D°, to D to D8 8, to 24th June i,59 3 8 2,520 9 8 i,59 3 8

Date of Secretary at War's Letters, For Six Months D°, of 3d D# of D8, to D8 - m - >59 3 8

November 15th. For Six Months D°, of ift D of D8, to 24th December 1798 For Six Months D8, of 2d D°of D°, to D8 2,492 — — 1,855 7 7

Ifctes of Warrants. For Six Months D°, of 3d D8 of D°, to D - - - 1,572 4 —

1797. December 13th.

1798.

May 21 ft.

„ >797-

November 15 th.

1798.

May 16 th.

„ ,79J 1

January 29th

1796. January 20th.

1797; April 19 th.

26th.

July 5th.

To George Gamier, Esq; Apothecary General (to complete a Warrant for £.25,000.) for Medicines, &c. for the Use of the Army 5,000 — — T0 D°, for D° Service ----- - 20J000 — —

To Mr. W. Gorton, for providing a Table for the Officers of the Life and Foot Guards on Duty at Saint James's, from 25th

March to 24th September 1797, to complete a Warrant for ,£.4,083. 7. 6. - 2,083 7 6

To D°, for D , from 25th September 1797 to 24th March

798 .....4,083 7 6

VOL. 54.

To Major Gen. De Lancey, Barrack Master General, on Account, towards the Service of the Barrack Department -To the Marquis of Salisbury, for the new Guard Room, Kitchen, Sec.

ereffed at Saint James's, for the Use of the Officers of the Guards To Major Gen. Montgomery Agnew, for Coals and Candles for the Forces in the Garrison of Carlisle, from 18th September to 24th of December 1792 To D°, for D°, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793 To D°, for D°, from 25th December 1793 to 24th June 1794 -1 o the Representatives of Mr. H. O'Neil, for inoculating sundry Men of the South HampftoireMilitia in the Year 1782 -

To Mr. John Prcjfer, for Sword Belts, &c. fumiffied by him as Patterns for the U fe of the Army ——

To Mr. A. Williams, for Salvage of Hospital Stores saved from the Wreck of the Ibree Sifters Hospital Ship, stranded on the Coast of Sussex To Colonel Torke, for the Half Yearly Allowance to the Deputy Lieutenant and sundry other Officers of the Tower, in lieu of Emoluments, to

24th June 1797 - - - - -....

To Sir William Fawcett, K. B. for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, to D° -

72

637

' D *

3>33 5 8 ~

34,200 — —

I7»325 5 7

1

25,000 — —

6,166 15 —

12,115 13 1

506 5 3

21 19 10 77 5 " 39 3 —

75 12 —

66 12 —

659 19 —

212 4 —

315 5 —

638 xi0 yunit. . 1799.

Q tes of Warrants

'191-

Ju 5 th. To Lieutenant General David Dundas for his contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1796 to 24th June 1797 - ' 234 4 —

26th To Major Paterson, for extra Expences as Assistant to the Quarter Master -

General, from 25th December 1796 to 24th June 1797 - 7 a

August x ith. To Lord Milford, for Loftes sustained by sundry Persons, in consequence of the Depredations committed by the French who landed in Wales - 887 2 7

Date of Secretary at War's Letter. August 30th. To Messrs. Cox and Co. on Account of the contingent Expences of the Depot at A'Jaidftone - - 1,000 — - —

September 1 ft. To Sir John Macnamara Hayes, in Repayment of Fees on Creation to be a Barorict of Great Britain - -- -- - 320 4

October 25th. To Sir W. Howe, for extra Expences of himself and other General Offi- .

November 15th. cers, for House Rent, Forage, See. in 1795, 1796, and 1797 4,564 19 6

To Lieut. Gen. Roche, for the Expence for Passage, &c. from Bristol to

December 20th. Ireland, ofdischarged Soldiers and Seamen, for their Wives and Children To the Duke of 2'ork, for incidental Expences, from 25th December 1795 to 24th June 1796 _ - . - - - 718 1 5

140 1 8

To 13°, for D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1796 - 268 9 6

To D°, for D , from 25th 1796 to 24th yxrwe 1797 - 67 17 2

To Colonel Brownrigg, Secretary to the Duke of Fork, for contingent Disbursements, from 25th December 1795 to 24th June 1796 1,045 13 ir

To Q°, for D°, from 25th June to 24th December 1796 - 1,228 14 9

1798. January 3d. To D°, for D°, from 25th December 1796 to 24th June 1797 1,360 3 8

To T.Rice, Esqj for Work done at Fork Hospital, Chelsea, Sec. in 1793, 1794, and 1795,to complete a Warrant for £. 10,432. 6s. id. - 1,432 6 a

10th. To the Reverend James Hodgson, for One Year's Rent of the Minister's House in the Savoy, hired for the Use of the Forces, to the 24th December 1797 " - - 42 2 —

February 16th. To 2homas Nesbitt, in.Reimbursement of Expences for Boats, Horses,

March 9th. and Carts, for the Removal of French Arms, &c. for Expresses and Contingencies, and for his Pay as Quarter Master and Commissary 170 6 10

To Messrs. R. and IV. Codner, for Salvage of sundry Medical Stores, from the Brig Express, on 21st August 1797 ----- - 125 18 1©

Apr 2d. To Francis Edwards, for his Disbursements for the Use of the Volunteers and Peasantry, and for Carriages and Expresses at the Time of the French Invasion in Wales - - 280 3 3

May 1 ith. To Richard Foley, Under Sheriff of the County of Pmbroke, for his Trouble and Expences in consequence of a Body of French Troops having been landed near Fishguard. 104 ii

2lft. To Lord Milford, for the Widows of John and Thomas Droid,

Date of Secretary who were killed by the French who landed in Wales - 40 — —

at War's Letter. 1798. June 8 th. To Lieut. Gen. Dundas, Quarter Master General, to answer various Expences which arise on the Encampment of Troops - L5°°

Dates of Warrants. June 27th. To L. Morse, Esq; for Expence and Trouble in carrying on, for One Year, to Midsummer 1798, a progressive Lift of Commissions of all the Officers in the Army - - - - „ - - 103 3 —

July 18th. To 7. Downs, for advertising Deserters in the Hue and Cry and Police Gazette, between 28 th April and 30th June 1798 - - --- 100 19 2

Date of Secretary at War's Letter. July 20th. To Messrs. Cox and C°, on Account of the Pay and contingent Expences

Dates of Warrants. of the Commander in Chief's Office, for Nine Months, to Michaelmas U 9s - 3,000 — —;

November 12th. To Joseph Alcock, Esq; to make good a Deficiency by the Discount and Commission, on the Sale of Exchequer Bills issued to him 152 — 4

December 8 th. To Mr. F. G. Smith, for the Maintenance of the Wives and Families of the East Regiment of London Militia - - 2,004 II —

Remains unexpended, which may be applied towards the Extraordinaries of the Army for the Year 1799 3,165,854 17 3 34.145 2 9

3,200,000 — —

War Office, 13th June 1799. W. Windham.

39 Geo. III.

13tt Junii.

619

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Sum of £938,192. 3. 7.; being Part of the Sum of /. 1,000,000, raised by an Act in the last Session of Parliament, and granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprize or Designs of His Majesty's Enemies, and the Exigency of Affairs may require: Paid by the Right Honourable th'c Piymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

Bates of Warrants.

1798. August 1 ft.

January 4th.

May 21ft.

Bates of Secretary at War's Letters.

>798-

August 9 th. September 20th. November 5th.

Bates of Warranty

TypT

August 14th. September 20th.

November 12 th.

May 21 ft. April 2d.

July 26 th. September 12th. October 27 th.

To the Fast India Company, for Expences incurred in preparing for and carrying into Execution various Expeditions ordered to be undertaken in India ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Valentine , Commissary General in the Windward and Leeward 1 Hands, for Public Services -To Messrs. Rojs and Ogilvie, for Subsistence of the Corps of Loyal French Emigrants, from the 25 th of October to the 24th of December 1797 ----- -- 2,678 4 4

To D°, for D°, from 25 th December 1797 to the 23d February 1798 - , - - - - 2,620 1 3

To D°, for D°, front 24th February to 24th April 1798 - 2,671 7 6

To D°, on Account of 122 Days Pay, to 24th August 1798 1,204 1 —

To D°, on Account of 61 Days D®, to 24th October 1798 632 ——

To D°, on Account of 61 Days D°, to 24th December 1798 626 10 5

To the Duke of Brunswick, on Account of Claims under the Treaty of 8 th November 1794 - - - .

To Joseph Rademaker, Ffq$ Agent to the Queen of Portugal, for the Purchasr of sundry Articles of Stores necdlary for the Defence of her Majesty's Dominions - 70,000 — —

To D®, for D® Service - - - 25,000 — —

To B. Watson, Esq; CommilE try General, to enable him to pay for Flour -

To P®, for the contingent Expences of his Department, as

Commissary General 5,000 — —

To D°, for D° Service ----- - 10,000 — —

To D % for D° Service - - - a - 20,000 — —

To D®, for D® Service - - - - 20,000 — — .

On Account of the Charge of the Eight West India Regiments, for the Year 1798 - -

On Account of the Charge of Colonel Regiment of Fencible

Infantry, for D° -

r

On Account of the Charge of the under-mentioned Battalions of Foot intended to be sent to Ireland, but retained on the British Establishment for D } viz.' "

The 2d Battalion of the 1 ft Regiment - *

17th D° ——

2 2d D® - -

32d D® - -

44th D° - -

48th P® - -

50th D° - -

51st D® - -

55th D° -

82d D® - .

85th D® - -

On Account of Levy Money of sundry new

cible Infantry: , to 24th December 1798

7,8x9 14,604 7>22 3

I7>7°9

721

19,617 17,028 7,271 6 57 5 i7>364 9,496 18,823

7

7

7

5

17

2

2

2

17

10

6

11

6

5

6

11

5

6 6

5

6

On Account of Cloathing, Pay, &c. of several Corps of Volunteer Cavalry, ' for the Year 1798 ——

On Account of Pay, &c. of sundry new Corps of Volunteer Infantry, formed in pursuance of an Act of 38th III. Cap. 27th, to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present War, to 24th December 1798 -

£ s. d.

200,000 — —

83,312 15 IO

10,432 4 6

7,000 — —

95,000 — — 100,000 — — -

55,000 ——

4 9>96° 3 5

17,265 14 10

59>255 6

93>6i3 17 6

44,877 5 —

22,475 ——

938,192 3 7

Vox.. 54.

An

640

i3° J

A \ 1799

An ACCOUNT of the Distributiort of the Sum of One Million, raised by an Act in the last Seffiori of Parliament, and granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Eriterprize or Designs of His Majesty's Enemies, and the Exigency of Affairs may require.

To the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, as Account of Particulars presented herewith - - - _

To Joseph dicock, Esquire, to be by him paid over to Samuel Williams, Esquire, Agent to the United States of America, for the Prosecution of Claims and Appeals in Prize Causes, on Behalf of the Citizens of the said States, &c.

To Sir George Yonge, to be paid by him to sundry Persons, for Silver delivered at the Mint to be coined ——

To Thomas Barclay, Esquire, and others, Commissioners for carrying into Effect the Treaty of Amity with America ——

£' s- d *

938,19a 3 7 *

84 14 — 3^547 4 4

4,975 18 — *

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 13th June 1799.

I-

1,000,000 — —

George Rcje.

Report respecting

Courts of Justice.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Twenty-seventh Report, relating to Courts of Justice, which, upon the 26th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant, out of the Con-solidated Fund, such Annuities, in Augmentation of the present Salaries and Profits of the Offices of Master of the Rolls, Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Coif of the said Court of Exchequer, for the Time being, as will make up their respective Salaries and Profits to the Annual Sums herein after mentioned; that is to say, the Master of the Rolls, Four Thousand Pounds; the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, Four Thousand Pounds; and to each of the said Puisne Justices and Barons, Three Thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant unto any Person holding the Office of Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, a contingent Annuity of Four Thousand Pounds a Year, to take Effect on the Refig-nai ion or Removal of such Person from such Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant, under certain Conditions to be limited, unto any Person who shall have held the Office of Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, an Annuity of Three Thousand Pounds; and to any Person who shall have held the Office of Master of the Rolls, an Annuity of Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds; anti to any Person who shall have held the Office of Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, or Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, an Annuity of Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, to each of such Persons; and to any Person who shall have held the Office of Puisne Justice of the Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or Baron of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, an Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds, to each of such Persons; such Annuities to be granted to them respectively, after their Resignation of such Offices respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant, out of the Monies that shall arise from any the Duties and Revenues payable to LI is Majesty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the several Annuities herein after mentioned, in Augmentation of the present Salaries and Profits of the Offices of the Lords of Session, Justices and Barons of the Courts in Scotland; that is to say, the Lord President of the Court of Session, for the Time being. One Thousand Pounds; the Lord Justice Clerk, Five Hundred Pounds; such of the other Lords of Session, being also Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, for the Time being. Four Hundred and Eighty Pounds; and such of the other Lords of Session, not being also Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, for the Time being. Two Hundred and Eighty Pounds; the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being. One Thousand Pounds; and for each of the other Barons of the said Court, Two Hundred and Eighty Pounds.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. TovcnjhenMr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, defining that His Majesty would be graciously pleal'ed to ifl'uc a Commission, under the Great Seal, for examining the Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of the several Officers, Clerks, and Ministers, of the Courts of Justice of this Kingdom, and for reporting what Regulations may be fit to be established with respect to the fame.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Resolved,

London Port JBitf, deferred.

Account of Amount of Income Duty, ordered.

The Lords have agreed to

Linen Yam

Bill.

Knayton Moor Inclo iure Bill.

Graflhorpe Inclosure BilL

Long Preston inclosure and Drainage Bill.

Houghton and South Stoke Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have passed

Sir Henry Avery's Estate Bill.

Keport Supply.

39 Geo. III. 13° Junii.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prerented to His Majesty, desiring that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to ifl'ue a Commission, under the Great Seal, for examining the Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of the several Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of the Courts of Justice of this Kingdom, and for report ing what Regulations may be fit to be established with rctpedl to the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the probable Amount to be raised for the Service of the Year 1799, by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as far as the same can be made up.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spranger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Raw Linen Yarn, the Produce of the Territories of the King of P, and imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common, called Knayton Moor, and other Wafts Lands, within the Town-ship of Knayton, and Parish of Leek, in the North R d-

ing of the County of York without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Grajlhorpe, in the County of Nottingham , without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Failures, within the Township of Long Preston, in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for embanking and draining several Parcels of Ground within the same Township, called Long Preston Ings; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Houghton and South , in the County of Sujex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of Sir Henry Every, Baronet, in Trustees, in Trust to make Sale thereof, and to apply the Money produced by such Sale, or a competent Part thereof, in Payment and Discharge of divers Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to invest the Surplus of such Money, if any such shall be, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

Vol. 54.

to considerfurther of the Supply granted to llis Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place } and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved \That it is the Opiniort of this Committee, To the fc.nit That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen Thousand Six Jj r receiving Hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Money paid to the Bank of England for receiving the Contributions to the Loan and Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Deficiency of That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred and Nineteen Gran"-Thousand Eight Hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, interest on That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred and Sixty- Exchequer five Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds s"

Sixteen Shilling and Eleven Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for tht Payment of Interest due to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on sundry Exchequer Bills, the Principal whereof has been discharged, and for Advances on Bills of Exchange drawn on the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Charge of That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve Thousand and Two Lottery Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Charges of preparing and drawing the Lottery, granted for the Service of the Year 1798.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Foreign Se-That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Five cret Service. Hundred and Two Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty's Secret Service Abroad, incurred in the Year ending the 5th Day of January 1799, over and above the Sum granted in die last Session of Parliament for the said Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exjxners of That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Four Hun- Alien Act. dred and Fifty Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William P, Esquire, at the

Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Payment of Expences arilen from the Execution of the Alien Act, over and above the Sum granted by Parliament for that Service, for the Year 798-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for ascertain-That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-seven Pounds and $^ *

Nine Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make Croix, good the like Sum, which has been issued to William

Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purchase of an Instrument for measuring Altitudes, &c. for the Commissioners appointed to ascertain the Situation of Saint Croix, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Attendance That a Sum, not exceeding Nine Hundred and Nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to H is Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has v been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to sundry Officers of the House of Commons for their Attendance on Committees of the said House, and which has not been made.

good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Surrey Gaol. That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Two Hundred and Fourteen Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be glanted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum,

8 A which

Returns of Sugar.

Mr. Baldwin, for Attendance on Mr. Ilaltinrs's Trial.

Office of Public Accounts.

New South Wales.

Mr. Speaker's House.

Parliament

Otfice.

Secretary of State's Office.

642 13° J . 1799.

which has been blued to Jofep , Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purchase of the old Gaol in the County of Surrey, for the Purpose of converting the same into a Court and Pril'on for the , and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds and Six Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, oyt of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to Mr.

Clerk to the Grocers Company, for his Allowance fur making up and publishing in the Weekly

Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, pursuant to ary Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for Two Years, to the 18th Day of June 1798, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Joseph Baldwin, Esquire, Deputy Clerk of the Crown in the Court of Chancery, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, as a Compensation for his Attendance in the House of Peers on the Trial of Warren Esquire, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-two Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for additional Allowances to the Clerks, and Salaries to additional Clerks, in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, from the 5th Day of July 1798 to the 5th Day of April 1799, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds anrl Twelve Shillings, be granted to His

-> ' O

Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Disbursements on Account of the Settlement of New South Water, and which has not been made good

by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight Hundred and Forty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Wyatt, Esquire,

at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences of Alterations at the House of the Speaker of the House of Commons, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred and Twelve Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Expences attending the Parliament Office, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Thousand Eight Hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds and Three Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purchase of Sir John Eden's House, for an Office of One 2

of His Majesty's Secretaries of State, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Four Hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay the Expence of the Police Office in and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to the Solicitor of the Mint, to enable him to defray extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions relating''to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the Year 1799, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Thousand Nine Hundred and Fifty-live Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to the Reverend John Bridden, and to Thomas Evance and ‘Thomas Esquires, at the

Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for completing the Indexes to the Rolls of Parliament, and to the Journals of the House of Lords, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Hundred and Eleven Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Samuel Wyatt, John Cary, and John,

at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for making a Survey of the Isle of Dogs, and several Plans and Estimates of the Docks and other Works, in consequence of Bills for forming Wet Docks at, and improving the Port of London, and for executing Copper Plates of the Plans thereof, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One- Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-one Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been paid to John Far hill, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt for Salaries to the Officers, and incidental Expences of the said Corn million.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which Iras been paid to George Esquire, for in-

cidental Expences attending the Execution of the Act for the Sale of the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good.tke like Sum, which has been paid to John Wilmot, Esquire, for a Clerk employed

on various Businesses and References relative to American Claims.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed fti repairing, maintaining, and supporting the Forts and Set-

tlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen Thousand Pounds,

be

Police Office in Wapping.

Prosecutiow relating to the Coin.

Indexes to Rolls of Parliament, &c.

Plans of Loq don Docks.

Se Cretan- to Comm ith oners of National Debt.

Expences attending the Sale of Land Tax.

Clerk to Commissioners of American Claims.

Scotch Roads *

African Forts.

Dr. Hunter's Museum.

Militia Pay.

Subaltern

Officers.

Act for regulating Levant Trade, to be considered.

Inftjuttion.

Liverpool Docks Bill, paised.

39 Geo. III. 130 JuniL 643

be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to purchase the Collection of Natural Hi (lory belonging to the late Doctor John Hunter, for the Use of the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ' Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Gemge the Second, intituled, "An Act for en-

" larging and regulating the Trade into the Levant " Seas," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House was all'o moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; " and for granting new a ad additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the " Tonnage of certain Ships entering outwards or inwards " to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of Peace," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-jnittee. That they do consider of the said Act.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool, and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making One entire Compensation to Persons interested.

And the said Clause was Thrice rqacl; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring. That no Release by One of the Plaintiff's shall assess the rest.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 1. To leave out " hereafter," and insert " thereafter" inllead thereof.

Fr. 9. 1. 2. To leave out " hereafter," and insert " thereafter" inllead thereof.

Pr. 39. 1. 9. After " for" to insert " and, " and to leave out " and applied."

Pr. 40. 1. 36. After " River," to insert, " or haling " into or out of any of the Docks " of the said Port."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool, and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and Docks.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

VOL. 54.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twrenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Ix)rd High " Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the " Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an " Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Hories let to Hire for travelling " Poll, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the fame," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties upon " Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon " Licences for retailing dillilled Spirituous Liquors, " and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, To-inorrow' Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arile by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and " keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of in the County of

" Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near in

" the County of Berks:" And the same w'as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Hyde Parker, Knight, with Ann BoteLr his now Wife, anil to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

- Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 1

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bilf, and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the wdiole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee of Secrecy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End t-o the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of

Treason,

Bill so continue A(^t for farming the Dufies on Poll Holies, ordered.

AS re fpceding Licences on Spirituous Liquors, to be considered.

Income Duty

Exchequer Bills Bill, ordered.

BuckluncT Road Bill, presented.

Cormfrittre on Sir Hyde Parker s Divorce Bal.

Committee on Report from Committee of Secrecy, deferred.

Bill respeefing Forfeiture for High Treason, deterred.

Small Notes Duty Bill, deferred.

Bray ton Inclosure Bill, patted.

Sir Hyde Parker's Divorce Bill, passed.

Watton School, &c« Exchange Bill, committed.

Haymarket new Street Bill, presented.

King's Bromley Inclosure Bill, reported.

644 13° — 14° Junii. A, 1799.

Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings.

And then the House adjourned till To -morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 14° Junii;

Anno 39® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1799. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Brayton, Thorp , and Gate-fort h with Lund, in the Parish of , in the West

Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 30.1.16. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to " wherein," in Line 21. Pr.47. 1. 7. To leave out from "fame" to "and," in Line Ult.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Brayton, Thorp JVillcnvby, Burton, and Gateforth with Lund, in the Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Hyde Parker, Knight, with Ann Boteler his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between the Trustees of the Free Grammar School in in

the County of Gloucester, and Nicholas Owen Smythe Owen, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Morland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making a new Street from the Hay-market into Charles Street, Saint James's Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Granville Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds within or

belonging to the Manor of King's Bromley, and allb certain Open Meadows or Lands within the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley aforesaid, in the County of Stafford, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common, or other Rights, in certain Open Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within, or belonging to, the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley, in the County of Stafford, was referred That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counfe! in Support of the said Petition, and had allb heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 15 Acres and 12 Perches of Land in the Open Meadows, who refused to sign the Bill; and allb, except the Proprietor of 2 Roods and 31 Perches of Land in the said Open Meadows, who was neuter; and also, except the Proprietors of Nine Shares of Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Two Shares of Common Rights, who were neuter; and that the Whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the said Open Meadows confilts of 115 Acres 1 Rood and 22 Perches; and that the whole Number of Shares of Common Rights are 66); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually amending, " widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads " therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town " and County of Poole, called Poole Gate, and for repealing Two Acts off Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth and " Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the " said Roads, and also for applying a certain Sum of " Money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within the said Town " and County," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, " several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate " in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate, " and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of the " Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, " relating to the said Roads, and allb for applying a " certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards " paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within " the said Town and County."

Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet

.this

Poole Roads, &c. Bill, passed.

Dalton Indo-iure Bill, committed.

Kirkhcaton lr.doiure Bill, committed.

Sir Henry Every's bftate Bill, read.

Trowbridge Paving Bill, ' reported *

T rowbridge Jloads Bill, reported.

Lords Amendments to 'Yarkhill, Weston Beg-gard, See. Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

39 Geo. III. 14

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing, and leafing or letting certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid

of the Poors Rate, and other Taxes or Public Expences within the said Township; and for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotments, and inclosure of the Open and Unincloled Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Township, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of Sir Henry E, Baronet, in Trullees, in Trust to make Sale thereof, and to apply the Money produced by such Sale, or a competent Part thereof, in Payment and Discharge of divers Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to invest the Surplus of such Money (if any such shall be) in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were‘"agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Hobhouse reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Green Man in the Chapelry of in

the County of Wilts, through , to

in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with, or lying near to the said Road, and for making and maintaining certain Pieces of new Road in Trowbridge aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qileftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parishes of Tarkbill, Weston Beggard, Dorm, with the Chapelry

Vo L. 54.

of Barteflree, in the said Parish of Dormington and Stoke

Edith, with the Chapelry of in the said Parish

of Stoke Edith, all in the County of Hereford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

Pr. 25.1. 8. Leavcout from "executed " to "and," in Line 14.

Pr. 27. 1.18. Leave out from "executed " to "and," in Line 24.

Pr. 28.1.14. Leave out from " Award " to " and, " in Line 16.

Pr.31.I. 18. Leave out from " Allotments" to the End of the Claul'e.

Pr.49.1.18. Leave out from " intended" to

Pr. 51.1. 28.

" notwithstanding," in Line 20.

Leave out " either before or after," and insert " in."

Pr. 52.1. 23. Leave out from " shall " to " by," in Line 24.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill to nuke Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Coin perpeSilver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, tual, ordered. " into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the

Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made ini the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " revive and continue, until the First Day of January " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, an " Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, on the Thirteenth Day of January One thousand Seven " hundred and Seventy-four, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin, of this " Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or " Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a " certain Sum, and to suspend the Coining of Silver," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive, and make perpetual, the said first-mentioned Act: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, Mr. Afo-to whom the Petition of William Ashforth, of Walworth, in the County of Surrey, Thomas Parry, of Newington, in ported. ' the said County, Thomas Hodgson, Executor of James

Richdale, of Lambeth Street, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and Richard Dickinson, of the Ordnance Office, in the Tower of London, and also, another Petition of the same Persons, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Jo~ feph Kaye, Esquire, Solicitor to the Bank, being examin-

ed, said, That Robert Reeves, late of Walworth, in the County of Surrey, Stockbroker, purchased a considerable Sum in the Loan of £.7,500,000, for the Service of the Year 1796, upon which the First Payment of £.10 per Cent, had been regularly made That the said Robert Reeves neglecting to make the subsequent Payments upon the Sum he held in the said Loan, the First Pay-

8 JB ments

Accounts to be printed.

The Lords have passed

Byland's Nat, Bill.

140 Junii.

A. 1799.

ments became forfeited, but the Scrip Receipts remained in his Possession.

And the Petitioners being severally examined, said. That the said Robert Reeves having transa&ed Business for the Petitioners as a Stockbroker, they had great Confidence in him; and, upon a Deposit of Scrip Receipts of the said Loan appearing to be paid up in full, they advanced him the following Sums in Calli and Stock: William Assorth, £.4,406. 51. in Calli; Thomas £.4,000 Three per Cent, Annuities, £.3,000 Five per Cent. Annuities, and £.615 in Calli; James Richdale, £.6,427 in Calli; Richard D£.2,100 Three per Cent. Annuities, and £.558 Five per Annuities. That the Scrip Receipts deposited with the Petitioners were as follows: William Ashforth£.8,400 Three per Cents, on which £.562. i6r. had been paid for the First Payment; Thomas Parry, £.9,800 Three per Cents, on which £. 656. x is.had been paid for the First Payment;

James Richdale,£.9,600 Three per Cent. Consols,£. 4,000 Three per Cent. Reduced, on which £.911. 41. had been paid for the First Payment; Richard £. 3,325

Three per Cent. Consols, on which £.222. 1 6 had

been paid for the First Payment.. The Sums Hated in the Petition, as the Amount of the First Payments, appear, by Mistake, to have been calculated on the whole Loan, instead of the particular Fund of Three per Cent. Annuities.

And Mr. Kaye being further examined, said, That, in the latter End of October 1797, it was discovered that the said Robert Reeves had forged all the Receipts deposited with the Petitioners, except that for the First Payment on each Receipt; and he was apprehended, and has since been tried, convicted, and executed for the said Forgery; and, upon searching his House, a Number of other Scrip Receipts of the said Loan were found, on which the First Payment had been made; and the same are now in the Possession of the Solicitors for the Bank of England: That the Petitioners afforded all the Assistance in their Power to the Bank of England, in prosecuting and convicting the said Robert Reeves: That the First Payments actually made upon the Scrip Receipts, fb deposited with the Petitioners as aforesaid, amounted to £.2,359. 5J-> and the First Payments on the Scrip Receipts, found in the House of the said Robert ,. amounted to £.1,916. nr.; making, in the Whole, £. 4,275. i6r.; and which Sum has been paid by the said Robert Reeves out of the Petitioners Money, and has been forfeited to Government in consequence of the subsequent Payments not having been made. And the Witness added, That the Sums advanced by the Petitioners, appeared to have been entirely expended by the said Robert Reeves; and upon the fullelt Investigation it appeared, that he had no other Property whatever, out of which he could have purchased the said Receipts; and, previous to his Execution, he admitted, that the Receipts found in his House had been purchased out of the Petitioners Money, and that he committed those Forgeries, in hopes, by Speculation in Stock, to enable him to repay it.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts, which were Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Rose, by His Majesty's Command, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spratiger and Mr. Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Count By land -, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Motion fora Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for vesting in ciydeand " his Majesty the Estates of certain Traitors, and for more effectually discovering the fame, and applying COnfi<fortd in the Produce thereof to the Use of his Majesty, and Committee. for ascertaining and satisfying the lawful Debts and " Claims thereupon," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of ma- naging the fame; and applying the Rents and Profits " thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the " Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there " for the future," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to " the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain " Temis and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in " land, which were put under the Management of a " Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty *

" fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, and to repeal the said Act," might be read,

.And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for.empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to repay into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for re pealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, as relates to the said Company, and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum so to be received to the Company of the Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of this Motion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Confident Committee.

Mr. Speaker leftjhe Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was, directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Com- Reported. mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to repay into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them for tha Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His pre-font Majesty, as relates to the said Company, and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum so to be received to the Company of the Crinan Canal, qn certain Conditions.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill, ordered, empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Forth

and

39 Geo. III. 140

and Clyde Navigation to repay into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, as relates to the said Company, and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum so to be received to the Company of the

Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions: And that Mr.

Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring

in, the lame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the probable Amount to be raised, Account of for the Service of the Year 1799, by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for granting ccr-tain Duties upon Income, as far as the same can be made up.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

An ESTIMATE of the probable Amount to be raised, for the Service of the Year 17 99, by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties upon Income, as far as the same can be made up.

From such Returns as have yet been received, and from the Information the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury have been enabled to collect, there seems Reason to suppose that the Total Produce of this Tax, for the present Year, may amount to the Sum of Seven Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

14th June 1799. George Rose.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

National Debt Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third fidl, paired. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of v the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

BUI for railing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third a Sum by An- Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Sum «HMties,p «. . cf Fifteen Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That the Contributors to this Loan may pay Exchequer Bills, issued on the Vote of Credit of last Session, for Sums beyond the Amount of Instalments due.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put. thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mean»am to rc^ve 'nto a Committee of the whole House, "n to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

.Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly $

VOL. ^4.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, licences to consider of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the on? Sp'irlmou Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for liquor.

" repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine " and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled " Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in " lieu thereof," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the I Joule Committee o» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^^bui. upon the Bill for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein to be limited; and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increaie His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ths

Bill reported.

Re-committed.

Comm itree on re committed London Port Bill.

Copper Exportation, &c. Bill, deferred.

Committee on Act for regulating Levant Trade.

Conveyance of Ship Letters, to be considered.

O (V

14 junu.

A, 1799.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the-Chair.

Mr. William Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hjm to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Biace j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed,

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as Hi all be sufficient for the Ul'e of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John William Anderson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Copper}

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and regulating the " Trade into the Levant Sea's," be now read.

And the said Order being- read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the more secure Conveyance of 7

Ship Letters, and of charging certain Rates of Pottage thereon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for tnnf-transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Pub- comSon-lic Accounts, the Duties now performed in the Offices er» of Public of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and fordirefting Accounts, the the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Paymaster iJn.‘niV.e General of His Majesty's Forces: And that Mr. Rose, nue, ordered. Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom Kempsford the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Dryflkid and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- jj^ed^ ' tures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of -ford and Dryffield, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Bill to comi-a Bill for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, "utPoftHorse made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His panted. ' present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord " High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for " the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted " by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for traveiling Pott, and by Time, to such Persons as should " be willing to contract for the fameAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bra??e be added to the Gentle- ,

' . Member add-

men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ed to bring in

Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year Bill nrfpcft-

of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, " An ofom?nam

" Act to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a

* certain Number of Foreign Protestants who have

" served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank

" as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications."

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Com-" millions to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants " who have served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to " aft and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, " under certain Restrictions and QualificationsAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Bill, prdent-cd.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn Supply, de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fcued.

House,

Sui;ir and Coffee additional Duties del erred.

Over leers Af-liiLmt Bill, deicrrcd.

Small Notes Duty Bill, deterred.

Hyland's Nat. Bill; read.

Reman

Nat. Bill, committed.

Globe Tn-

fu ranee Office Bill, committed.

Poyr.tz's F.ltate Bilf, committed.

39 Geo. III. 140 — 170 Junii. 649

House, to conficler further of the'Supply granted to His Majesty.

Rtjoivedy That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to assist the Overseers of the Poor, was again re-committed, betaken into further Consideration upon TkurfJay Morning next.

ReJ'o/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itlcif into a Committee of the whole TJouie, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings. '

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 17" die;

Anno 390 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1799. Prayers.

AN ingroired Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Count Byland, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Reinaud, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Annesley,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill for incorporating, by Charter, a Company, to be called The Globe Insurance Office, for Insurances on Lives, and against Lois or Damage by hire, and for granting, purchasing, and settling Annuities upon or for Lives, or on Survivorship, and for granting Sums payable at future Periods, and for assisting Benefit or Friendly Societies, and other charitable Institutions, and providing for the inferior and indigent Clergy, and the Widows and Children of the inferior and indigent Clergy, and for the lower and labouring Chiles of Society, be now read a Second Time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon this Day " Sevennight."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time. The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. WilberforcBird, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for enabling William Stephen Esquire, and the

VOL.i4.

Honourable Elizabeth Mary his Wife, to charge the Estates late of the Right honourable George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague, ciecealed, in the County of

with a competent Sum of Money for improving the same, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Steele, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Dickinsonreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Ellate o Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed puri'uant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for applying the Money anting therefrom for the several Pur-pol'es therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickbifn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which, upon the ift Day of this Instant June, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great in the County of Lincoln, was committed; and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table.

And the House being informed that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the Door, to the Members of this House, upon the 6th Day of this Instant pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7 th Day of May 794;

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of several Estates in the County of Chester (deviled by the Will of Philip Merton, Esquire, deceased, to a Trullee for a Term of Years, for the Purpose of discharging his Debts, with Remainder to the Uses therein mentioned) in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the said Debts, and to lay out the Surplus, if any, of the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gas-covne, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House,. according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Manor of King's,

and also certain Open Meadows or Lands within the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley atorel'uid, in the County of Stafford, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I loul'e.

8 C Ordered,

Long's F.fiite Bill, reported, and p lfed.

ReportGrimf-by Haven Bill further comi-dered.

EgertorTs Ellate Bill, committed.

Report of King's Bromley Inclosure Bill, further considered.

Petition of Land Owner! aguinil Wrail Bury Inclosure Bill.

Memorial of Sir diaries Grey &c.

6 50 17° Junii A. 1799.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

' Ordered ', That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon ThursdayMorning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrofi'ed.

A Petition of the feveril Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right and Interest in the Open and Common Fields, Common'Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of other-

wile IVraijlmry, in the County of , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields and Common Meadows, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish and Manor of JVyrardisbury, otherwise JVraisbury, in the county of ; and Setting

forth, That a Public Meeting of the Freeholders and Copyholders of the Parish and Manor aforesaid having been held, on Friday the 12th Day of October 1798, at the George Lin, situate in Wyra otherwise bury, aforesaid, it was then and there resolved, that the said intended Inclosure Bill was inexpedient and unne-Celfary, and the same Hill continues to be the Sense of by much the greatest Part of the Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds; and that the said Lands conlift of about 1,500 Acres of different Qualities, and have for Time immemorial been open and uninclosed, and the Produce thereof had and taken, in and throughout the fame, by the Persons having Right and Interest therein, to their very great Benefit and Advantage, and that dividing and inclosing the same will be injurious to the Petitioners and others having Right therein: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the House will grant them l'uch further Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of tire Committee, to whom the said Bill

is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Couiftel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be lieaid, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill,- against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to continue the Term of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and " keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of AJlhall, in the County " of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, " in the County of Berks," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Icy, Mr. John Fane, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Single borough, in the Parish of Great in the County of Buckingham,-was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ley, Mr. Bragge, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

The Memorial of Sir Charles Grey and Earl Vincent, praying. That the Claims for American Ships, taken in the West Indies in 1794, may be paid by Government, on their paying£.29,682,. ior. 4

And the Title of the said Memorial was read.

The said Memorial is as followeth;

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

The Memorial of the Right honourable Sir Charles Grey, K. B. and the Right honourable Earl Vincent, K. B. Commanders in Chief of His Majesty's Fjeet and Army employed in the Reduction of the French 111 and s of Martinique, Guadaloupe, and Saint Lucia, in the Year 1794, on Behalf of themselves, and the Officers, Seamen, Soldiers, and Marines, serving under their rei'pebtive Commands,

Sheweth,

That when Your Memorialists, in the Beginning of February 1794, proceeded to the Attack of the French Islands, in obedience to His Majesty's Orders, they found the principal Ports crowded with small Vessels under American Colours, all, or moll, of which had brought Provisions for the Enemy, and many of them arrived after Your Memorialists had ifl'ucd the Proclamation directed by His Majesty's Ministers, calling upon the Inhabitants of the French Islands to surrender those Poflessions to His Majesty's Arms; and under l'uch Circumstances, and particularly under the Orders of November 1793, the Admiral thought it his Duty to take Possession of, and "bring all the Vessels to Adjudication.

That at this Time the Americans were very much attached to the French, and unfriendly to the Government, and for this Reason Your Memorialists judged it necessary to take Measures to prevent the American Vessels, taken at Martinique, from giving Assistance to the Enemy in the other Islands, and those Measures unavoidably subjectecl the Crews of those Vessels to Restraint that they would not otherwise have experienced; and, upon the Application of a considerable Number of the Persons detained, Vessels were given up to them to remove them to America.

That from these and various other Causes, produced by the ablive and arduous Service in which the Fleet and Army were engaged, the usual Measures were not in general taken by the Agents for the Navy, to obtain the regular Examinations of the Persons found on board the Ships captured, so as to proceed to a legal Adjudication. These Irregularities were increased by Your Memorialists being advised. that, as Commanders in Chief, they had Authority to erebl a Court of Admiralty; and, agreeably to that Advice, appointing a Judge, Register, and other Officers, to abt as such: Proceedings were commenced in the Court, so constituted, against all the Vessels captured and their Cargoes; and, either for Want of proper Claims, or upon EVidence of their belonging to the Enemy, they were condemned as Prize, and afterwards fold.

That upon Your Memorialists' Return to this Country, they were, for the first Time, informed that the Court of Admiralty erected by them was not legally constituted, and that all the Proceedings carried on in it 7 were

Buckland Road Bill, committed.

Singlebo-rough I r. clo-l'u re B ill, committed.

Memorial of

Sir Charles

GreyG&c.pre

1'entecL.

59 Geo. III. 17 0 Junii651

were null and void; and they were called upon by the American Claimants to ii.flitute Proceedings in the High Court of Admiralty here, and to proceed to the Adjudication of all the captured Ships and Cargoes.

That Proceedings were accordingly instituted in the High Court of Admiralty again!I each Ship, and in the Month of December last, most of the Claims were heard before Sir William 6 icqjtand Your Mcmoriaiitls have annexed a List of the Claims, and a Minute of the D^cilion upon each.

That the Agents, employed by the Navy and Army in the Indies, fold the Vessels and Cargoes, in consequence of their being condemned by the Court of Admiralty in; but, unfortunately, they did not

keep 1'eparate Accounts of the Species and Quantities of Goods of which each Cargo was composed; and the Claimants have taken Advantage of this Irregularity, by claiming Property that never came to the Hands of the Captors, and Your Memorialists have no Means of checking these Claims.

That, independent of this Inconvenience (as the Authority of the Court of Admiralty in Martinique is denied) the Claimants are not bound by the Sales made as before dated, and have fixed Values and Prices upon their Ships and Goods far beyond what they fold for; and the Sums to be paid them, under the Decrees of Restitution, are ascertained by the proper Officer, without Regard to what has been received by the Captors. Under these Circumstances, Your Memorialists (who are considered by the Court as responsible for the Sums awarded to the Claimants) will be called upon to pay conllderable Sums, which they are totally unprovided with the Means of doing; for, except what was paid by Government for the Ordnance and other Public Stores taken from the Enemy, Your Memorialists have not, to this Hour, received One Shilling for Prize Property, taken either on Shore or afloat at the Capture of the French Islands.

That the Money received from the Sale of the Property, restored as American, was inverted, in Your Memorialists Names, in the Purchase of Stock, and, since the Investment, the Reduction in the Price has exceeded the Dividends received upon it.

That, upon a very careful Examination of the Agents Accounts, it appears that the Sum received for the Ships and Cargoes, claimed as American (after deducting the Expences of Sale) was

only ----- ----..... - £. 30,996 18 —

Out of this Sum, £. 1,314. 7 s.8 d.has been paid in Discharge of a Claim allowed - - 1,314 7 8

Net Sum inverted - -£.29,682 10 4

That by the Decisions of the Court of Admiralty, some Cargoes, and Parts of Cargoes, have been condemned, the Value of which cannot be exactly ascertained; but if Your Lordships should be pleased to afford Your Memorialists the Protection they solicit, they do not mean to claim any Advantage from those partial Condemnations, but to give up to Government the above Sum of £.29,682. ioj. 4J. upon being relieved from the Payment of the Claims.

That, under the very peculiar Circumstances of the Cafe, Your Memorialists trust Your Lordships will think them entitled to this Protection. The Court of Admiralty has decided in every Cafe, except in one very trifling Capture, that Your Memorialists were warranted in detaining the Ships, and bringing them to Adjudication, and on that Ground refused to give Colts and Damages to the Claimants.

That considering the very arduous Service Your Memorialists were engaged in, and the Mischiefs that might 1 have resulted from dismissing a Number of American Provision Vessels from Martinique, at a Time Your Memorialists were proceeding to attack the other Islands, they trust Your Lordships will be of Opinion that what they alk is reasonable. And, independent of these Considerations, Your Memorialists beg leave to observe, that Estates of great Value, belonging to the Enemy in the captured Islands, were taken Possession of, and placed under the Management of Agents for Government, and yet remain under their Care, from which the Captors have received no Advantage whatever, which Your Memorialists submit to Your Lordships Confklcration, as an additional Circumstance to entitle them to the Protection they solicit.

That Your Memorialists have no Means of stating correctly the Amount of the Claims made by Americans, as the Claimants have yet only proceeded to ascertain the Value of One or Two Vessels and Cargoes; but, upon an Examination of all the Claims, it appears that the estimated Value put by the Claimants upon the Property claimed, is about - -- £.140,000 ——

Deduct the estimated Value of Ships and Cargoes taken by the French at which the High Court of Admiralty has pronounced the Captors not liable for - - - 35,000 ——

£. 105,000 ——

That by the annexed Minutes of the Decrees of the Court of Admiralty, Your Lordships will find that Parts of Cargoes are condemned in some Instances; and there are several Claims now waiting for further Proof, some of which, at Icaft, are likely to experience a similar Decision.

Your Memorialists are informed by their Agents, that there is great Reason to believe that at least One-Third of the Sums claimed will be deducted, upon a Reference to the Register and Merchants; and that Your Memorialists may, with a considerable Degree of Confidence, represent to Your Lordships that £.60,000. to £.65,000. will be the utmost probable Amount of the American Claims that have been, or may be established; and consequently the probable Loss to Government, by taking the Responsibility thereof, and protecting the Captors, will not exceed £.30,000. to£.35,000.

Your Memorialists therefore submit their same to Your Lordships Consideration; and, upon Payme nt by Your Memorialists of the before-mentioned Sum of £.29,682. iox. 4 to such Person as shall be appointed to receive the same, Your Memorialists entreat Your Lordships to give the requisite Directions for Payment of the American Claimants, when, and as the Amount of their Claims shall be ascertained by the proper Officers, so as to entitle them to call for Payment; and that Your Memorialists may be protected from all Liability to answer the fame.

For Admiral Lord Saint Vincent and Self,

Charles "John Jervis.

Vol. 54 AJ.IST

NTemo-ic! of Hir Charles Grey, conlttmtJ-

A. 1799.

I ill, in tlte Memorial of Si" Chariot Grty, &c.

A LIST of the Ships taken at or soon after the Capture of the Mantis of Martinique, Guadalovpc, and Saint Lucia, which, together with their Cargoes, have been claimed as American; and a Minute of the Dccilion of the Court of Admiralty, upon the Hearing of the Claims.

Sally

Lucy - -

Betfcy -/Av/fv -

Bet fey - -

/W/y -Mary - -

I farm on v 1 nrce Friends -ClariJja -

/A7 -

David and George Sa//y and Belfry Fame -

iV/y --- -/m - -

Phoebe ~ Montgomery

Garland -Ceres -

Fijlier - -

Lark -

iVfze; Adventure Eagle - -

Mermaid -

Engle -Eclipse - -William -Hope - -

Hiram - -

Maria -

Olivia and Mary Rufina

Three Friends Folly - -

Marianne -Friendship AI aria -

Pegg and Polly Amelia -

/V/y - -

Eunice -

Fanny -

.//;/« - - - -Three Brothers Bcfry -

S«/7/i - - Heard 1 ith March 1796, Ship and Cargo restored, and Costs and Damages refused;

and the Claimants appealed to To much of the Sentence, as rejected the Claim toCoftsand Damages; on 31 ft 1799, the Lords of

Appeal dismissed the Appeal, being of Opinion there was good Cause for detaining the Shipand Cargo, and bringing them to Adjudication.

- Treadwell ---- 11 th December 1798, when the Court ordered Ship and Cargo to be restored.

- Nowell ----- ----1 ith December -,fame Decree.

- Ingalls - - ---- nth December-,fame Decree.

- George ----- ----- nth December; same Decree.

- Pitman- ----- --- nth December-,fame Decree.

- Ernes - - ---- 11 th December, Ship and Cargo restored, save One Man Slave mentioned

in the Claim, which was condemned.

- Parker ----- ----11 th December, Ship and Cargo restored.

- Stout ----- ----- nth December-,fame Decree.

- Tracy - ----- -11 th December, Ship restored, and further Proof ordered with respect to the

Cargo.

- Taylor ----- ---- nth December, Ship and Cargo restored.

- Fryar - - ----- 1 ith December; same Decree.

- Lilian - '---13th December-,fame Decree.

-Saunders ----- ----11 th December, Ship restored.----18th Cargo condemned; Condemnation appealed from.

- Davis ----- --13th December, Ship and Cargo restored.

- Freeman - — 13th December, Ship restored, and such Part of the Cargo as is proved to be

the Property of Elijah Aujiin; the Remainder of the Cargo condemned.

- Cole - - ----- sofa. December, Ship and Cargo restored.

- Child ----- ----13th December, Ship restored; but further Proof ordered to be exhibited, as

to the Property of the Cargo, within Six Months.

- Garland ----- ----- 13th December, Ship and Cargo restored.,

- Hall - 13th December; same Decree.

- Rogers ----- ----13th December-, same Decree.

-, Attwood ----- -13th December, Ship, and such Part of the Cargo as is proved to be the Pro-

perty of the Owner of the Ship, restored; further Proof to be exhibited, within Six Months, as to Property of the Rest of the Cargo.

- Freeman - ---- 13th December, Ship and Cargo restored.

- Gerrish - ----- 13th December, Ship and Cargo restored.

- Sabin - - ---- 13th December, Ship restored, and such Part of the Cargo as is proved to

belong to the Owner of the Ship, and Afu Alien.-18th December,

Condemned such Part of the Cargo as was proved to be the Property of Duncan Mack

- Rider ----- ----- 13th December, Ship restored; further Proof ordered, as to the Property

in the Cargo, and to be exhibited within Six Months.

- Brown - - ----- - 13th December, Ship and Cargo restored.

- Cheney ----- ----- -13th December; same Decree.

- Bunker ----- ----- --13th and 19th December, Ship and Cargo restored.

- Snezu - — ----- -- 13th December-, same Decree.

- Warner - ----- -- 13th December-, same Decree.

- By us - - ----- - 13 th December-, same Decree.

- Dor fen - ----- - 13 th December-, same Decree.

- Kingsby ----- ----13th December-,further Proof of the Ship and Cargo to be exhibited within

Six Months.

- Norton - ----- - 13th December, Ship and Cargo restored.

- Stover - ----- softs December, Ship and private Adventure restored, and further Proof of

the Property of the Cargo to be exhibited within Six Months.

- Brintall ----- --18th December, Ship and Cargo restored.

- Andrews - ----- 18th December-, same Decree.

- Burchmore ----- - 18th December-,fame Decree.

— ----18th December-, same Decree.

- Waters- - ---- 18th December-, same Decree.

- Pilsbury ----- - — 18th December-,fame Decree.

- Lambert ----- ----- ----- 18th December-, same Decree.

- Sage - - ---- 18th December-, same Decree.

- Hechnan - ----- - 19th December; same Decree.

- Abbot - - ----- 19th December-, same Decree.

- Murphy - Taken on the 13th April 1794, in the Harbour of Point a Petre, in the Iflaiul

of Guadaloupe, by His Majesty's Frigate Part of a Squadron of His Majesty's Ships under the Command of Sir John Jervis, and afterwards

retaken by the French. ----- 18th December, The Judge decreed, That

the Captors are not bound to proceed to the Adjudication of this Ship and Cargo; but it appearing that they had possessed themselves of a certain Quantity of Specie, from on board the said Ship, the Judge admitted the Claim in respect thereto, and directed further Proof to be made of the Properly thereof. '

Betfey

£ Geo. III.

.0 w *

17 j

S3

Betfey a JVdey *

Dolphin - a - Knapp *

Mary A - - Smith -

Jera/ha - - - - Southwait

Mary Ann - - Billings

Minerva - - Lovell

Dolphin Im - Forfter

Nautilus - A - - Loring

General IValt erf off - Stewent

Minerva 4 - - Holt -

Jason - - - - Ross -

atnUnuid.

- Heard 18 tk December. This Ship having been retaken by the French at Lift, in the

the Judge decreed, that the Captors are not answerable for, or Charles obliged to proceed to the Adjudication of the Ship and Cargo; and Grey, &c. — dismissed the Captors from all further Observance of Justice therein.

» ----- 18th December; same Decree as the lafti

- — 18th December-, same Decree.

----- - 18th December; same Decree.

- ---- 18th December', same Decree.

- Taken off Saint Francois, by His Majesty's Frigate Lord Viscount

Garlies Commander.

Heard 18th December. The Judge directed further Proof, as to Time and Place of Capture.

A ----- - 18th December-, same Decree as in the *

----- ---18th December, Ship and Cargo restored.

----- --- 18th December, Claim admitted; further Proof directed; further Proof

exhibited; pronounced not sufficient, and further Proof ordered to be exhibited within Six Months *

- - — 18th December, Ship and Cargo restored.

- — 18th December, Ship and Cargo restored. t

Ordered, That the said Mejnorial do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House *

Combination Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to of Workmen, prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen: And that ordered. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr. Long, and Mr.

Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Meaus. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow . Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, irefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exchequer Account of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an S> °n Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of " One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein " mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Sevenhundred and Ninety-eight, forfurtherappropriating " the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills; Lot- tery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders,"

" or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed ."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of an"

Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by"

" Loans or Exchequer Bills."

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to amend Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into" ordered.'

" One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering " the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands, or Militia of " the said City," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the said Act: And that Mr. Huf-kiffon, Mr. Secretary Dundas, and Mr. Brpgge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Bedford (from Accounts of the Exchequer) attended at the Door, he was called in; Exchequer and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to 'pre ent their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of " One Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:" And also,

An Account of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued ' in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of " Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses ih Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising the Sum of One Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned."

The Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million. Exchequer,

the 17th Day of June 1799. Grosvenor Charles Bedford.

Vo l. 54. 8 D An

54

17° Junii. 1799.

To the tlonourabte the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses in Parliament assemble<3.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of an Act, passed in the lad Seffiori of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills.' *

The Exchequer Bills itiued in pursuance of the above Act, athount to the Sum of Three Millions.

Exchequer, the 17th Day of June 1799 *

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the tnodious, and for better regulating, the Tort of LonJortt Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to be now read; _

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The HoUfe resolved itself into the said Committee.

&»tch Dicta The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last: Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

UtmtteJ. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive, Sir John William took the Chair of the

" continue, until the Tenth Day of April One thousand Committee.

" Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend an Act, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

" passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com-

" Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties mittee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made " on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of several Amendments thereunto; which they had dif Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited reded him to report, when the House will please to ren Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in ceive the fame.

" the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting , That the Report be now received.

* to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits Sir John William Anderson accordingly reported from " distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted the said Committee, the Amendments which the Com-Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland; and for alter- mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed 4<ing and amending certain other Acts of Parlia- him to report to the House; and he read the Report in " ment for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland" his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Blight be read. Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report

And the same being read accordingly; was read.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 25th consider of the said Act. Day of this Instant June.

ing American Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hotife to

om«r; com- Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to miuci. Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, Second, intituled, "An Act to enable his Majesty to be now read.

" grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign And the said Order being read accordingly;

" rrotestants, who have served Abroad as Officers or Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Ex-

* Engineers, to ad and rank as Officers or Engi- chequer Bills issued in pursuance of an Act, passed in the " neers in America only, under certain Restrictions last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for' " and Qualifications," be now read. " rilling an additional Sum of Money by Loans or Ex-

And the said Order being read accordingly; " chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou-

The said Bill was read a Second Time. " sand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," be referred

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. to the said Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Then -the House resolved itself into the said Com-f the whole House. mittee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee,

the said Bill. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they Militia Re- The House was moved. That the Order, made upon had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-Buf deferred Friday kft for be House to resolve itself into a Com- rested him to report, when the House will please to ' mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to con- receive the same.

fider further of the Bill for the Reduction of the Militia Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein to be Morning.

limited; and for enabling His Majesty more effectually Mr. Long also acquainted the House, That he was to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Pro- directed by the Committee to move, that they may have' fecution of the War, might be read. Leave to fit again.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That ‘this House will, upon

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Resolved, That this House will, upon W ednefwhole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. to His Majesty.

qommittsfon Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Older, JLon'doaPon ° re^vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, a Bill for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing Bin. to consider further of the Biy for rendering more com- the Public. Accounts, the Duties now performed in the

Offices

fiill, reported

Committee of Supply.

Account of Exchequer Bills, referred!

.Land RerCf

nue Transfer Bill, pretend ed.

itenorfc Way iind Means *

Lottery.

Expiring

Laws *

39 GeO III;

Offices of the AiiditoH of the Land Revenue, and for wfere amended and continued until the 25th Day of directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the December 1798, and which were by another Act,

Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces: And the made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His same was received; and read the First time. present Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. , of December 1799, is near expiring, and fit to be con-

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time tinued.

Tomorrow Morning. Resolve That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expiring

( That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth lAW *

Mr. Bragge, according tb Order, reported from the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred " An Act to amend and render more effectual the several to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the " Laws now in Force for encouraging the Fisheries car-Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which " ried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great the Committee had directed him to report to the House; "Britain, and the Dominions in which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in and for granting Bounties, for a limited Time, on at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were lead; and certain Terms and Conditions," as relates so the Boun-are as followeth; viz. ties thereby granted, which was to continue in Force

Resolved, That it is the Opinion bf this Committee; for thfe Term of Ten Years from the ift Day of January

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; i 787, and which was revived, and further continued for the Sum of Seven Hundred and Three Thousand Five Two Years, by an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year Hundred and Forty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and of the Reign of His present Majesty; is expired, and Four Pence, be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery At to be revived and continued.

to consist of Fifty-five Thousand Tickets at Twelve Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, d°: Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence each; and that That an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before His present Majesty; intituled, An Act to diicon-the 18th Day of this Instant June, make a Deposit with tinue, for a limited T'ime, the Duties payable Upon! the Cashier of the Bank of England, of One Pound Five " the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease,"

Shillings and Ten Pence, in respect of the Monies to be which was to be in Force for Three Years from the 25th paid for every such Ticket; as a Security for making the Day of March 1767, and from thence to the End of future Payments to the said Cashiers on or before the the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Times herein after limited; that is to say: several subsequent Acts of the Tenth, Thirteenth.

/. 1. 1 or. on or before the 13th Day of August next. Sixteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty-second, Twenty-sixth;

£. z. on or before the 27th Day of September next. Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-fifth Years of £.2. on or before the 8 th Day of November next. the Reign of His said Majesty, was further continued,

£.3. on or before the 13th Day of Decemberneit: from the Expiration thereof, until the 25th Day of And, ' March 1799, and from thence to the End of the then

£.3. on or before the 21st Day of January 1800. next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to

And that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, be continued.

shall be delivered to the-Contributors so completing their Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D«. Payments. That the Sum of Five Hundred Thousand That the Power granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Sir the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lot- William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles to con-

tery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and tinue, and carry on, the Manufacture of, and to make Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Spirits, commonly called Geneva, which was

Service of the Year 1799, and be paid at the Bank of continued by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth and England in Money to such Proprietors, upon Demand, Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present on, or at any Time after, the ift Day of August 1800, as Majesty, until the 5th Day of July 1799, is near ex-soon as Certificates can be made out, without any De- piring, and fit to be continued and amended, dudion whatsoever; and that all the Monies, to be re- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, D . ceived by the said Cashier, shall be paid into the Receipt That an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied from Time to Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to Time to such Services as shall then have been voted by " continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-this House in this Session of Parliament. That every sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his or her " tituled. An Act for the more effectual Encourage-Contribution Money, towards the said Sum of Seven ment of the British Fisheries," which was to continue Hundred and Three Thousand Five Hundred and in Force from the ift Day of June 1795, for Two Forty-one Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, Years, and from thence to the End of the then next at any Time on or before the 12th Day of December Session of Parliament, and which was further continued,

1799, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Dif- by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, until the count, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per 1 ft Day of March 1799, is expired, and fit to be revived.

Annum, on the Sum so completing his or her Contri- continued, and amended.

bution respectively, to be computed from the Day of The feid Resolutions being severally read a Second completing tli£ same to the 21st Day of January 1800. Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, agreed to by the House.

That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Brctgge, Mr. Cfaan-<c the further Support and Encouragement of the Fish- cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townfkend, Mr. John,

" eries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. So- c Streights," which was to be in Force for Five Years, licitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and from the 25th Day of December 1786; and also, so bring in, the fame.

much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Residue of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge,

" for further encouraging and regulating the Newfound- Mr. Rose, and Mr. Loifg, do prepare, and bring in, the " land, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries," as fame, relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas

and Davis' % Streights, which, by an Act made in the Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, income Duty Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's bui Bn" Vox. 54. Treasury presentci

656 if

Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Duties on Income: And the same was received; and read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. r Ordered', That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Report on Mr. Brugge, according to Order, reported from the A&respect- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred oif Spirituous to consider of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Liquors. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine " and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled " Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in l lieu' thereof," the Resolution which the Committee had directed. him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

' -Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties to be paid on Licences to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, shall be ascertained according to the Rents at which the Dwelling Houses of the Persons taking out such Licences shall be rated under an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights on Inhabited yonfes, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting other Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof.

The said Resolution being read, a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.; .

7 ‘ ' ' I

Report m Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the htfng°Levant Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Trade. to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant , Seas' and who were in-ltrufted to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting, new and additional Duties of Customs on'

; Good? imported and exported, and on the Tonnage " of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or ." from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary " -Artiles of Peace;" the Resolutions which the Committee hadjdirested.him to report to the House; which he read in -his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table' , Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vis:,

-Resolved,fY\ia.t it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thata Duty, of Two Pounds, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on every One Hundred Pounds, of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, apd Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Port or Place not in ", Europe, shall cease and determine, so far as relates to any

such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported to any Port or Place within the Straits of Gibraltar.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings be charged for every One Hundred Pounds, of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Pro- *

Junii. A, 1799 *

duce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from this Kingdom to any Port or Place within the Straits of Gibraltar.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bragge also reported from the said Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine:

And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare,. and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein pursuant to the Two last Resolutions which have been agreed to by the House,

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Or- Bill to tmenj der, a Bill for altering and amending an Act> passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present presented.' Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts,

" palfed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the " further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of " the said City :" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, T\\zt the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

; Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, judges Sal . a' Bill for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges £ies Bill, pr of the Courts, in Westminster Hall, and for enabling His ente Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts, on their Resignation of their respective Offices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committeea Committee of the whole House, to consider of the more Conveyance secure Conveyance of Ship Letters, and of charging cer- °er^ p " tain Rates of Postage thereon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Account of Command,

An Account of Money which will be wanted for the port Service, Transport Service, and for Prisoners of War, in Health, presented at Hotpe and Abroad, for the Year 1799.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

A.

Vote of Credit Bill, presented.

Bill to continue Poll Horlfc Fanning committed *

Sitt^ar and Corfee sddi- 1 tional Duties Bill deterred.

8mall Notes Duty Bili, deferred.

39 Geo. III.

170 Juttii.

6 57

Transport Office, \ An ACCOUNT of Money that will probably be wanted for the Service of this Office, 9th February 1799.] for the Year 1799.

' For the Transport Department - - r £ ' 1 005 000 — —

Memorandum:

The Reason of so much Money being required for the Transport Service for the Year 1799, beyond its probable actual Expence for that Year, which is efthnated at £.612,320. is, that a considerable Part of the Debt, estimated at £.1,066,633. (remaining unsatisfied on the 31st December 1798) will come into Course of Payment in the Year 1799, together with a Part of the said actual Expence, which will be incurred in the same Yean > ..

PRISONERS OF WAR, IN HEALTH.

Home Service - - . - - - - - £i 7 j>oooo Foreign Service - - - - - 131,200 For Subsistence, &c. to Br 'ttish Prisoners in France and Spain - .190,000 366,300 r

- . - -

> Total - - - - £. 1 311,200 — -t"

Rupf George.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tar bio, to be penned by the Members of the Hpufo.

Mr. Rofepresented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And same was received 1 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning. *

A Bill for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners. of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year, of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire " for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as " should be willing to contract for the fame," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolvedt, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bijl be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,'That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now. allowed on the Exportation of Sugar;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve it‘ell into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on

VOL. 54.

..... ‘1 '

Bills of Fxcha^ge and Promiftbry jftotes irndef the.

Value of Forty Shillings $

Resolved, That this Hopfe will, T<?-morraw. Morning, resolve jtlelf into thp said Comipittee. 1

A Petition of the Corporation of the Amicable So- petition of the ciety for a perpetual Assurance Office, was presented to Amicable so-the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for uiVgioS in-incorporating, by Charter, a Company, to be called The furnace offic. Globe Insurance Office, for Insurances on Lives, and against

Loss or Damage by Fire, and for granting, purchasing; and settling Annuities' upon or for Lives, or on Sur-, r

vivorftiip, and for granting Sums payable at future Periods, and for assisting Benefit or "Friendly Societies, and other charitable Institutions, ajid providing for the inferior and indigent Clergy, and the Widows and Children of the inferior and indigent Clergy, and for the loWer and labouring ClalTes of Society 3 and Setting forth, That the Petitioners were ereftea into a Corporation for the Purpose of making Assurance upon Lives, and apprehend that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would be injurious to the Public in general, and to the said Corporation of the Amicable Society in particular:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

E

Martti,

6S6 17° Junii A. 1799 *

Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Duties on Income: And the same was received; and read the Eirft Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Report on Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Act respetf- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred orf Spirituous toconsider of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Liquors. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine " and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in lieu' thereof," the Resolution which the Committee had directed. him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

- -Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties, to be paid on Licences to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, shall be ascertained according to the Rents at which the Dwelling Houses. of the Persons taking out such Licences shall be rated underan Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights on Inhabited Houses, and on Clocks and Watches, and for granting other Duties oq Houses, Windows, and Lights, and on Inhabited Houses, in lieu thereof.

The said llesolution being read, a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.;

.. ' 7 ‘ i

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the iating°Levant Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Trade. to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging and regulating the v Trade into the Levan Seas;" and who were in-

ltruded to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new. and additional Duties of Customs on' Goods imported and exported, and on the Tonnage " of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary " Artiles of Peacethe Resolutions which the Committee hadrdireded him to report to the House; which he read jn lus Place$ and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's \ Where the same were read; and are as followeth) viz,

Resolved, Thzt it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty, of Two Pounds, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on every One Hundred Pounds, of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Port or Place not in - Europe, shall cease and determine, so far.as relates to any

such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported to any Port or Place within the Straits of Gibraltar.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings be charged for every One Hundred Pounds, of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Pro- *

duce, or Manufacture of G Britain, exported from

this Kingdom to any Port or Place within the Straits of Gibraltar.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Bragge also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare,. and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein pursuant to the Two last Resolutions which have been agreed to by the House,

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act> passed in Asti, the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present presented. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts,

" palfed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the " further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of " the said City A»d the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Nix. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, judges Safe. a' Bill for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges «es of the Courts, in Westminster Hall, and for enabling His 601 Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts, on their Resignation of their respective Offices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committeeo Committee of the whole House, to consider of the more ^onwyMire secure Conveyance of Ship Letters, and of charging cer- «n. P tain Rates of Postage thereon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Account of Command, "Xnt

An Account of Money which Will be wanted for the port Service, Transport Service, and for Prisoners of War, in Health, &c.presentedi at Hotpe and Abroad, for the Year 1799.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

A *

17° jfattii.

Vote of Credit Bill, present-cd»

Bill to continue Poll Horst Farming Adtf committed.

Susjar and Cortee iddi- tionil Duties Bill d^lcrred.

Small Notes Duty Bill, deferred.

9 Geo. III.

Transport Office, \ An ACCOUNT of Money that will probably be wanted for the Service of this Office, 9th February 1799.] for the Year 1799.

For the Transport Department - - *

Memorandum:

The Reason of so much Money being required for the Transoort Servicefor the: Year 1799, beyond its probable actual Expence for that Year, which is estimated at -£.612,320. is, that a considerable Part of the Debt, estimated at £. 1,066,633. (remaining unsatisfied on the 31st December 1798) will come into Court® of Payment in the Year 1799, together with a Part of the said actual Expence, which will be incurred in the same Year.

Prisoners of war, itr health.

Home Service - - . w. - - - , - , £i 75,000

Foreign Service - a , - - 4 131,200

For Subsistence, &c. to British Prisoners in France and Spain - 4 i 00,000

Total - - - £.

Ruf Georg?.

Ordered, That the said Account do lieupon the Tar Bills of Exchange and Protniffory jfotes tmdef tho. bio, to be perused by the Members of the Hpufc. Value of Forty Shillings;

: . Resolved, That thi$ Hopfe wih, T9 morrdw. Morning,

Mr. Ro/e wefented to the House, according to Or- resolve itself into thp said Comipittee. der, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum "

of Three Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein _ A Petition of the Corporation of the Amicable So- petition of the mentioned: And same was received 1 and read the First ciety for a perpetual Assurance Office, was presented to Amicable so-Time. the House, and read} Taking Notice of the Bill for the Giof in- 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. incorporating, by Charter, a Company, to be called The furaace of&c *

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Globe Insurance , for Insurances on Lives, and against BUI Tomorrow Morning. ' Loss or Damage by pi re, and for granting, purchasing,

and settling Annuities upon or for Lives, or on Sur-. r

A Bill for further continuing, for a limited Time, an vivorfoip, and for granting Sums payable at future Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Periods, and for assisting Benefit or Friendly Societies,

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the and other charitable Institutions, and providing for the a Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the TVea- inferior and indigent Clergy, and the Widows and fury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties Children of the inferior and indigent Clergy, and for granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year, of the loiyer and labouring Classes of Society} and Setting '

* His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses Jet to Hire forth, That the Petitioners were erected into a Corpofor travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as ration for the Purpose of making Assurance upon Lives,

" should be willing to contract for the fame," was, ac- and apprehend'that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, cording to Order, read a Second Time. would be injurious to the Public in general, and to the

Resolvedi, That the Bill be committed. said Corporation of the Amicable Society in particular:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by of the whole House. their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that thf fame

Resolved,'That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, may not pass into a Law as it'now stands. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ordered, That the said Petition be reterred to the upon the said Bill. Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said

Bill is committedand that the Petitioners be heard.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Petition, if they think fit.

the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coflee mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now. allowed same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said on the Exportation of Sugar; Petition.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrpw Morning, Ten of the Clock.

i E , ‘

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve it-elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on

VOL.

366,360 r

-i-S

.i 3ii, zoo — —

£ s

1 005 000 ——

<J58

Rcinaud's Nat. Bill, reported, and passed *

Haymarket new Street' Bill, committed.

Grimsby Haven Bill, deferred.

Kempsford and Dryffield Inclosure Bill, paired.

Behrend's Nat. Bill, committed.

Trowbridge Paving Bin, paifed.

18° Junil.

A. 1799

Martis> 18;

Anno 39° Georgii IIIlH Regis, 1799.

Pr Ay

ERS.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Reinaud, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Arid he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. - .

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for making a new Street from the Haymarket into Charles Street, Saint James's Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was read a Second Time.

ResolvedfYhatthe Bill" be committed to Mr.

Mr. Annejley-, &'c.:' And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking; into ( further Confederation the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thifty-sixth‘Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for. widening, deepening, enlarging; altering, and improving the Haven of the- Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order betng read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for cjiviciing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishies of Kempsford and Dryffield, in the County of was read the Third Time.

-Resolved, That the' Bill do pass: And that the Title, be; An Act fox' dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common "Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Rartfh^of; Kempsford and Dryffield, in the County, of

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley'do carry the Bill, to t;he Lords, and desire their Concurrence.' ... r

An ingrossed Bill from the Lbrds, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Philipp Fredrick Behrends, was read a..Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Combe, Sir Thomas Charles BunSecy And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. \j

An ingrossed Bill for paving the Footways, and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town of Trow-, bridge, in the County of Wilts, and for removing and

preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblfoufe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.,

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing and T.-o>vi improving the Road from the Gree« Man, in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through , pal"

to Beckington, in the County of and several

other-Roads communicating with or lying near to the said Road, and for making and maintaining certain Pieces of new lload in Trowbridge aforesaid, was read the Third Time. .-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' be. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road froip the Green Minfin the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of Wilts, through to

' Beckington, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with, or lying near to the said Road, and for making, apd., maintaining certain Pieces < of new Road in Trowbridge aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobhouse do catry the Bill to the Lords, - and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Henry Every's Estate Bill, committed.

Committee on

Report of British M»-icum Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for'veiling the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of Sir Henry Every, Baronet, in Trustpes, in Trull to make Sale thereof, and to apply the Money produced by such Sale, or a competent Part thereof, in Payment and Discharge of clivers Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to invest the Surplus of such Money (if any such shall be) in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the lime Uses, Was read a Second Time.

ResolvedfThai- the' Bill be committed to Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet this Afteriwky, 'at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber. 'h "i 'f....

cS'.e' i r.m; ..-S'

The House" was moved, That the Report which, upon Wednesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Troftees of :the British MttJ'eum was referred, might be-agdin-fead. ' ' ,

And the same being read accordingly; ' - V 1 -

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve , itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider, of the said Report.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.; '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. "

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

- Mr. Speaker resumed the Ghair. '

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that - he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

' Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- ' ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' to consider further of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Copper Ex-Reading of the Bill to regulate the Importation and portion, &t.

— ° „ , 0 , 1 Bill, put off

Exportation ot Copper, be now read. for Three

And the said Order being read accordingly; Months.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time / 1'

upon this Day Three Months.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report tfaj Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Weuu-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the Houfis^ which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in

at

V

39 Geo. III. 18

at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; rjiz.

Consolidated Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fund. , That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be itfuedand applied the Sum of Three Millions Two Hundred and Twenty-nine Thousand Pounds, out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund.

Pay and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Cloathing of That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia,

1 ltu‘ in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1799, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax. Allowances Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, officers'1 01 That the Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, for the Year 1799, be de- frayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr-. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. John,

Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybns, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, iand bring in, the fame. *

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Second of the said Resolutions: And that Chanr

icellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. John Smyth,

Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. -

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the last of

the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr, Lownshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. , and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame, instruction The House was moved, That the Resolution which, Tei'pefting upon the x 8th Day of April last, was reported from the Consolidated Committee of the whole House, to \vhom it was referred Fund. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty, and was thefi agreed to by the House, might be read.

> And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read

accordingly; and is as followeth; viz. '

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum " of Five Hundred and Twenty-one Thousand Eight Hundred and Ninety Pounds Sixteen Shillings and . " Seven Pence Halfpenny, being Part of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th Day of April

" 799 " ' .

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the First of

the said Bills, that they do make Provision therein pursu-

ant to the said Resolution.

Bill respecting The House was moved. That an Act, made in the MidUlei'ejT ° Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Surrey, intituled, "An Act for amending and reducing into One ordered. __ " Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia,

" in that Part of Great Britain called might be road.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House wasalfo moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for providing an Augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the Manner therein directed, and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of " Necessity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly; .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Vol. 54.

Militia of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And , that the Marquis of Litchfield, Mr. and Mr.

Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account, of count of the Quantity of Britishand Foreign Plantation, su'^u, ordn-and of East India Coffee, exported from the several cd.' Warehouses in Great Britain to all Parts, other than Ireland, in the last Two Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugar imported into and exported from Great Britain, in the last Two Years, with the Quantity retained; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Foreign Plantation, and o India Sugar, exported from Great Britain to all Parts, other than Ireland, in the last Two Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of British Plantation Sugar, and of Refined and Ballard Sugars, exported from Great Britain to all Parts, other than Ireland, in the Years 1797 an<

1798; distinguishing each Kind.

Mr. firagge, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- of°shi'p l / ferred to consider of the more secure Conveyance of Ship ters. Letters, and of charging certain Rates of Postage thereon, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to ,the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's \

Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow-' eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That His Majesty's Postmaster General be authorized to collect Letters and Packets directed to Places within His Majesty's Dominions, and to Countries beyond the Seas, and to forward the same by any Ships he shall think fit, and to take for every Letter and Packet so forwarded, One Half of the Rates arid Duties of Postage that would be payable for such Letters and Packets if conveyed by Packet Boats; and where no Rate of Postage is already established, then to take One Half of the Rates paid for Letters sent beyond the Seas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That H is Majesty's Postmaster General be authorized to take, for every Letter and Packet brought by Ships (other than Packet Boats) from Places within His Majesty's Dominions, and from Countries beyond the Seas, in Addition to any Inland Postage, the Sum of Four Pence for every single Letter, and so in Proportion for Packets.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ^ondorTTTi Reading of the Bill for altering and amending, an Act, tin Att, de-passed in the Thirty-sixth Y'eai of the Reign of His pre- fared, lent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and " reducing int« One Act of Parliament, Two several " Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth " Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the " better ordering the Militia of the City o and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands or " Militia of the said City," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next. N

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the 'port' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- ‘‘

ferred

Exchequer Bills.

IX

D.

Coimaittee on Scotch Distillery A6.

Farther Proceedings of the Treasury, &c. respecting certainOfficcs, ppiented.

660 180 Junii.A. 1799.

ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place} and afterwards delivered in at die Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth j vizi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sufti of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills," and Charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein " mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand l Seven hundred and Ninety-eight, for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and for making forth Duplicates of <Exchequer Bills, Lot tery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity " Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise " destroyed," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-eight," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the.House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive, continue, until the " Tenth Day of April One thousand Seven, hundred and c Ninety-nine, and amend an Act, phfled in the last " Seffioq of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting " to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regtilating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty

certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Con-" fumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in " Distillation, in Scotland-, and for altering and amend-, ing certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Rcl'olution j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the famei

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Further Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty'sTreasury, or in consequence of Directions

from them, respecting several Offices concerned, in the Receipt and Expenditure of the Public Money, in Addition to the papers presented to this House on the 12th of January and 19th of February 1798.

And the Title of the said Papers was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. ~

Mr. Rjofe presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the total Amount of the Balances acknowledged to be due to the Public, upon Accounts delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, since the 5th of July 1785: And also,

An Account of the Balances due to the Public upon Declared Accounts, so far as the respective Accounts of the said Balances can be made out, to die 5th of January 1799} together with the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof, as far as appears by Documents in the Pofi'eflion of the said Office: And also, v

An Account of the total Amount of Sums paid in Discharge of Balances due to the Public upon Declared Accounts, to the j;th of January 1799, as far as the same can be made up from Documents in the Possession of the said Office; which Payments are in Addition to thofestated by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts on the 6 th of April 1799: And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Balances due, on the 5th Day of January 1799, from all Persons whose Accounts have been examined by the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, and reported upon to the Treasury, during the present War; distinguishing the Names of such Persons, and in what Capacity they are or were employed, the Sums originally reported to be due from them, and when, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof, so far as relates to the Office of tire Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army: And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1799, from the Officers of the Customs in England, for Twenty-five Years preceding that Date, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situations they were or are employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when, and the Amounts and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears due, on the jth of January 1799, from the Officers of Excise in Great Britain, for Twenty-five Years preceding that Date, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and for what Collections they are or were employed, the Sum originally due from them, and when, and the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears due, on the 5th January 1799, from the Officers of Excise in North Britain, for Twenty-five Years preceding that Date, so faj:as the same can be made up; diilinguishing the Name of such Officers, and for what Collections they are or were employed, the Sums originally due from them, and when, and the Amounts and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears due; on the ift of August 1797, from the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, for Twenty-five Years preceding that Date, so far as the same can be made up; distinguishing

Accounts of Balances and Arrears, presented.

39 Geo. III.

18° Junii.

661

tinguishing the Names of such Distributors, and for what all Parts, other than , in the last Two Years; dif-Counties they are or were employed, the Sums originally tinguishing each Year: And also, due from them, and when, and the Amount and Dates An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation of the Payments which have been made, in Discharge Sugar, and of Refined and Ballard Sugars, exported from thereof: And also. Great Britain to all Parts, other than , in the

An Account of the Net Balances in the Hands of the Years 1797 and 1798; distinguishing each Kind.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the Thirteenth Report of Finance Re-

ports, to be considered.

Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, on the 10th Day of October 1798, and on the 5th Day of January

1799, respectively; distinguishing the Names of the Distributors, and for what Counties, and the Amount of their respective Disbursements for Incidents, Poundage, and Parliamentary Allowances or Discounts: And also.

An Account of the total Amount of the Arrears due, on the 5th of January 1799, from the Receivers General the Commissioners, appointed to examine, take, anu

of the Land and Assessdd Taxes, in Great Britain, for state the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, which was Twenty-five Years preceding that Date, so far as the presented to the House upon the 21st Day of March same can be made up; distinguishing the Names of such 1785, might be read.

Receivers, and for what Places they are or were Re- And the same was read accordingly, ceivers, the Sums originally due, and when, and the The House was also moved. That the Fourth and Amount and Dates or the Payments which have been Twenty-fourth Reports, relative to the Revenue of the made in Discharge thereof: And also, Customs, and to the Public Funded Debt, and the Pub-

An Account of the total Amount of Arrears due, on lie Expenditure for the Year 1797, tfhich, upon the jth January 1799, from the Officers of the Poll Office 19th Day of July 1797, and the 26th Day of 1798, in Great Britain, for Twenty-five Years preceding that were made from the Select Committee, who were ap-Date; distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and pointed to examine and state the total Amount of the in what Situation they are or were employed, the Sums Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public originally received from them, and when, and the Revenue and Expenditure, might be read.

Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof: And also,

An Account of the total Amount of Arrears due, on 5th January 1799, from the Officers of the Poll Office in Scotland, for Twenty-five Years preceding that Date; distinguishing the Names of such Officers, and in what Situation they are or were employed, the Sums originally received from them, and when, and the Amount and

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Reports be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Reports.

__ r

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Dates of the Payments which have been made in Dif- First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, " An

charge thereof: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order for an Account of the total Amount of the Balances due, on " the 5th Day of January 1799, from the several Per- fons employed in receiving or collecting the Revenues

Act for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties " upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of the Crown Lands, for Twenty-five Years preceding altering the Period of making up the Annual Account that Date, &c." of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were Paper: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, ilnd Mr. Bragge,

Stamp Duties Account Bill, ordered.

read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Note. The First and Second of the said Accounts were withdrawn, as being incomplete, pursuant to an Order of the House of the 11 th of July; and another Account presented.

The Residue of the said Accounts, and the Paper, are preserved amongst the other Pai )ers of this Session.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to an Order of the Ho-

Retnm rela-

Hereditary

Reveitues,

presented.

nourable House of Commons, for an Account, shewing tive to the thi Amount of the Monies that would have been applicable to the Expences of His Majesty's Civil Government, if the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues, and so much as was granted to his late Majesty out of the Aggregate Fund and Duty arising from Wine Licences, had been granted to, or reserved by His present Majesty, from the 5th of January

Accounts of Coffee and Sugar, presented.

1777 to the 5th of 1799; distinguishing each

Year, and the Net Produce of each of the said Revenues, so far as the same can be ascertained: Shewing also, the Amount of the Annuity received by His Majesty, during the said Period, in lieu of those Revenues, and the Amount of the Monies granted by Parliament, during the Ikid Period, for the Discharge of the Civil List Debt, and the Difference to the Public upon the Balance of the said Account."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, An Account of the Quantity of British Plantation to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sugar imported into, and exported from Great Britain, Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said in the last Two Years, with the Quantity retained; dif- Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of tinguishing each Year: And also, the Members of the House.

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Plantation, The said Paper is preserved amongst the other and of East India Sugar, exported from Great Britain to Papers of this Session.

Vox.. 54. 8 F Ordered,

The House being informed that Mr. Irving (Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of British and Foreign Plantation, and of East India. Coffee, exported from the several Warehouses in Great Britain to all Parts, other than Ireland, in the last Two Years; distinguishing each Year: And also.

Die ized by

Committee on Bill respecting American Officers.

Levant Trade Bill, presented.

Judges Salaries Bill, com-rutted.

Lotte'-y Bill presented.

Bill to prevent Combinations Qt Workmen, presented.

Spirit Licences Bill, presented.

Committee on Bill to cantin'Pod Ilorle P^niung Act.

662 18° JuntiA. 1799.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House -to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Commission to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants,

" who have served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to " act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only,

" under certain Restrictions and Qualifications," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill.; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofied.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mocle of performing Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty granted by an Act of the laffc Session, on Goods the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Straits of Gibraltar: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in tVcJlminster Hall, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts, on their Resigna-tion of their respective Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Refo'ved, That the Bill be committed.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Iloule.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. *

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting Jo His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr, Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Tyne Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the " Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the " Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twentyfifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horlcs ‘‘ let to Hire for travelling Poll, and by Xime> to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the fagie," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to, receive a Clause for authorizing the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, to prescribe the Period for making aily Deposit by Persons farming the said Duties, and vacate any Contract on Failure of such Deposit being made.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the last of the Resolutions which, upon Wednesday last, were reported from the Committee on Expiring Laws, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the " Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and B?rmuda Islands in Foreign Ships," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for repealing so much of the said Act as relates to ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Drawback and Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, the Duties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, be now read.

And

Instruction.

Order for Sugar Average Bill, discharged.

Committee oa Sugar and Coffee additional Duties Bill.

Iaftru&ioo.

LandRereno Transfer Bill, committed.

Income Duty Exchequer Bills Bill, committed *

Vote of Credit Bill, committed.

Small Note Duty Bill, deferred.

Committee on Buller' Divorce Bill *

39 Geo. III. ' 18® — 190

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to ill'ue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arile by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Duties on Income, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions, for the Uses and Purposes

therein mentioned, be now read.

# 9

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John ler, of Calcutta in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Esquire, with Eliza Catherine IViggens his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wood took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wood reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VOL. 54.

Junii. 3

Mercurii, 190 die junii;

Anno 39® Georgii III'" Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

| RDERED, That the Order of the Day, for taking

Report on

into further Consideration the Report which was Gn:nf!.y Ha-made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for ena- Jj,. c'ollllje r. bling the ' GrimfbyHaven Company to finiflt and com- ed. plete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending the Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of Hispresent Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimfly, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, de- -daring that if any Wet Dock is made elsewhere, the Lands of the Quays and Wharfs shall be held by the Owners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, authorizing the Owners and Occupiers of adjoining Lands to cut down the Slopes of the Havens.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Persons from making Private Docks, or fluicing off any of the Water, without the Consent of the Committee of the Company.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, authorizing the Company to take certain Waste Lands, for making a Dry Dock.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the,

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Cud '

Report be postponed, till after the House Hull have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia Re-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Jilt det'emd. to consider further of the Bill for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein to be limited; and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom BehrendsNUr. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Philipp Fredrick was committed,

664

o

19 Junti.

A.

1799.

Report resetting No ticcs for Dram Roads Bill.

The Lord have agreed to

London Porterage Bill.

Bill to amend

Scotch Militia Atts.

Bill to amend It rat ford upon Avon Canal Atts.

Sand ill Magna inclosure Bill.

mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry -the Bill to the Lordi; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Braggereported from the Committee, who were

appointed to consider of the Expediency of requiring Notices to be given of any intended Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for the making of Ways or Roads, usually called Railways or Dram Roads, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act passed for that Purpose, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to a Resolution thereupon, which they had directed him to Teport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Orderis of the House, of the 7th of May 1794, relating to Bills for making Navigable Canals, Aqueducts, and the Navigation of Rivers, or for altering any Act of Parliament for any or either of those Purposes, be extended to Bills for making any Ways or Roads, commonly called Railways or Dram Roads, except so much of the said Standing Orders as requires an Interval of Seven Days between the First and Second Reading of such Bills, and also between the Day on which such Bills are reported, and the Day on which the Reports shall be taken into Consideration, and also with respect to the printing of such Reports.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Rates of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers and other Persons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and

Places adjacent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-f^venth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation to vary the Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kings-wood, in the County of Warwick, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Undivided inclosures, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Townships of San-dall Magna, Walton, and Cin the Parish of Sandall Magna, in the West Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of in the Parish

of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Lyddington with Caldecott, and Uppingham, in the County of and also a Common or Waste within the same County, called Uppingham Brand, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the same Parishes, and all the Deer Browse and Rights of Common upon Beaumont Chace, in the same County, and making a Compenla-tion for such Tythes and Common Rights respectively j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common in thelownship of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the fame, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, " altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at,

" in the County of Chester;" with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to divide, allot, inclose, and improve the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham; with some Amendments;

to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the late Honourable Penn Asfheton Cur-zon, deceased, and the Right honourable Thomas Lord Ribblesdale (then Thomas Lifter, Esquire) of the Rectory of Whalley, and of the Chapels, Glebe Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Tythes, Obventions, Profits, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a Lease from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, at all Times hereafter, to grant the said lledlory and Rremifes by Twro several Leases, according to the said Partition and Division; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Application of the different Sums of Money, that have been paid to the Clerk of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy for the County of , for the Purpose of being paid to Substitutes on their joining the Regiments of Militia for the said County: And a Committee was appointed of The Marquis of Titchfield, Mr. Byng, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be ljid before this House, a Copy of the Grant from King Charles the Second to

Charles

Walton InclosiircBiU.

Lyddington, &c. inclosure. Bill.

Bill to amend Althorpe Inclosure Ad.

Ardwick

Green and Wilmslow N Roads Bill, with Amendments.

Tuxford Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed Curzon's, i'c. Partition ^iil.

Committee appointed t« enquire into Application of Middlesex Militia Substitutes Money.

Grant to the Duke of Richmond, ordered.

Buller's Divorce Bill, passed.

Report on Scotch Diltii-kry Act.

Cffant to the Duke of Rich inond, pre-Rented.

Committee on Finance Reports.

39 Geo. III. 19 yunit. 665

Charles Duke of Richmond, of a Duty upon Coals shipped out of the River Tyne,

An ingressed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Bailer, of Calcutta in the Province of Bengal, in the Esquire, with

Eliza Catherine Wiggens his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Braggc, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to revive, continue, " until the Tenth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and amend an Act, passed in " the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the l'evcral Parts of the Highlands of " land therein particularly described, for a limited " Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries " in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits diddled for Consumption, and a Duty on un-

malted Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland; and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in ,"

the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he >read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follcwoth;

Rejol-ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Duties granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective'Didridls in Scotland; and for granting certain additional Duties on Spirits dillilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland; and for altering and amending certain other Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and which has been continued by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, should be further continued, and the said Act amended.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought, in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Mr. and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House b. ing informed that Mr. Arnold attended at the Door, with the original Grant to Charles Duke of Richmond, a Copy of which was this Day ordered to be laid before u.e House; he was called in; and, at the Bar, preferred the same to the House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Grant was read.

Note, The laid Grant was, by a subsequent Order of this Day, dire<ded to be returned to Mr. Arnold.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Thirteenth Report of the Commissioners, appointed to examine, take, and Rate the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, which was presented to the House upon the 21st Day of March 1785; and also of the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Reports (relative to the Revenue of the Customs, and to the Public Funded Debt, and the Public Expenditure for the Voi. 54.

Year 1797) which, upon the 19th Day of July 1797. and the 26th Day of June 1798, were made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to examine and Hate the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made. That it be an Initruc- Instruaion. tion to the said Committee, that they do consider of enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to purchase the Duties upon Coals shipped out of the River Tyne, now payable to the Duke of Richmond; 1

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House, the Consideration of enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to purchase the Duties upon Coals shipped out of the River Tyne, now payable to the Duke of Richmond.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to purchase the Duties upon Coals shipped out of the River Tyne, now payable to his Grace the Duke of Richmond.

Ordered, That the said Grant from King Charles the Grant to tfce Second to Charles Duke of Richmond, be referred to the - Duk(jot R'cl‘-

r . , mond, ana

laid Committee. Papers, refer-

Ordered, That the further Proceedings of the Lords re"-Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or in consequence of Directions from them, respecting several Offices concerned in the Receipt and Expenditure of the Public Money, in Addition to the Papers presented to this House on the 12th of January and 19th of February 1798, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Ciiair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ti e House was moved. That the Memorial of Sir Committee Charles, Grey and Earl Saint Vincent, praying, That the Claims for American Ships taken in the West Indies in moriaUf sir" 1794, may be paid by Government, on their paying Charles Grey, £.29,682. ion 4 d.which was presented to the House, &c upon Monday la.lt, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, That the said Memorial be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Subject Matter of the said Memorial, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Memorial be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Douglas, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Bill netting Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- H^hTreaio^ mittee of the whole House, upon Friday next, upon the deferred?3 un' Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh

8 G Year

Order for Committee on Keport of British Mu-feum, discharged.

Cott.tn«r^pe on Legacy Duty Act.

Report referred.

reported.

Bill ordered.

Bill to continue Poll Horse Farming Act, reported.

666

19° Junii. A. 1799-

Year of the Reign of Queen 'Anand also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which, upon JV last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees of the Britishwas referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing certain Duties on " Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for " granting other Duties thereon, in certain Cafes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the ^Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be nqw received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill For exempting certain specific Legacies, which shall be given to Bodies Corporate, or other Public Bodies, from the Payment of Duty, and also the Legacy of Books, and other Articles, given by the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the Trustees of

tj)e British Museum.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for exempting certain specific Legacies, which shall be given to Bodies Corporate, or other Public Bodies, from the Payment of Duty, and also the Legacy of Books, and other Articles, given by the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode, to the Trustees of the British Museum: And that Mr. Bragge, the Mailer of the Rolls, and Mr, Anne fey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord " High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury,

" for the Time being, tp let to Farm the Duties " granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year " of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to " Hire for travelling Poll, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the fame," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time , Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Or- Bill reusing der, a Bill for empowering the Company of Proprietors ciyde>an/n<1 of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to repay into the cfinanCa-

Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to s> Prdt:r't' them for the Purpose of completing the said Naviga-' tion; for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty as relates to the said Corn-pan}'j and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, to advance Part of the Sum so to be received to the Company of the Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the strand Committee of the whole House, to, whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Bill, retried. Sug ar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar,- was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendmentswere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. -

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Mdrning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Augmentation of the Salaries of

the Judges of ..the Courts in IVefminfiHall, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts, on their Resignation of their respective Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second col^binTtlon! Reading of the Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, of Workmen, be now read. committed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a c mmm« of

Committee of the whole House, to consider further of YV 5 and

-.7 Means.

Ways

Committee oh Tudges Salaries BUI.

9

Militia Subalterns Bill, presented.

British Fisheries Bill, presented.

Stamp Duties Account Bill, presented.

Supply, deferred.

Bill respecting American Omcers, passed.

39 Geo. III. - icf Junii.

Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. _ ,

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Rofepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the- Militia in Time of Peace: AncJ the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr., Bragge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive, further continue, and amend, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue " and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the " British FisheriesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering the Period of making up the Annual Account of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee.of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty " to grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign " Protestants, who have l'erved Abroad as Officers or " Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in " America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications," was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dojiafs: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to grant

Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign Pr'dtestants, who have served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in " America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications."

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 54.

A Bill to encourage the Trade info the Seas, Levant Trade

by providing a more convenient Mode of performing comm11' Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty, granted by an Act of the last Session, on Goods the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Straits of Gibraltar, via.s, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for grafting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Lottery Bill, Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was, according to _committc<1-Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Spirit Licences Bill, committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to LnndRevcmie resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloufe, ijl11 *

upon the Bill for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, the Duties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee. 7

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Commirreccn Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury Bilb Bill.v to ift'ue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of i'uch Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Duties on Income.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Vote of Credit enabling His Majesty to rail'e the Sum of Three Mil- 1 lions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bra?°;e took the Chair of the Committee.

cj<t> % .

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. N

Ordered,

66 8

o o cv

19 — 20

A. 1799

Original Ordered, That the original Grant to Charles Duke of

returned Richmond, presented this Day by Mr. Arnold, be returned to him.

standM-^Or Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do make the Report from <lers relative to the Committee, who were appointed to take into Con-indoiure sideration the Standing Orders of the House relative to

11 Bills of Inclosure, and to report the fame, with their

Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Matter . to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions thereupon, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, which directs that, before any Petition is presented to the House for inclosing, draining, or improving any Lands, Fens, or Commons, a printed or written Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be affixed on the Church Door of the Parish or Parishes in which such Lands, Fens, or Commons do lie, for Three Sundays, in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, before any Petition is presented to the House for inclosing, draining, or improving any Lands, Fens, or Commons, a printed or written Notice, signed by at least One Fourth Part of the Proprietors in Number and Value, of such intended Application to Parliament, be affixed on the Church Door of the Parish or Parishes in which such Lands, Fens, or Commons do lie, for Three Sundays in the Months of August and September, or either of them, immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 27th of April 1774, which directs that, in all Bills for Inclosures th^re be inserted a Clause compelling the Commissioners to account for all Monies by them laid out, and affetfed on the Parties concerned in the said Inclosures, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Bills for Inclosures there be inserted a Clause, compelling the Commissioners to keep, at the Office of their Clerk, a Book of Accounts open, at all reasonable Times, during the Progress of the Inclosure, and till the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inspection/of any of the Proprietors, which Book shall contain an Entry of the Particulars of all Sums of Money raised or expended by virtue of any Powers granted by the Act, under a Penalty on such Commissioners, or their Clerk, for ne-gledting or refuting the fame; and all'o a Clause, pro-, viding that all Monies, to be raised under and by virtue of the Powers contained in such Act, shall, as often as the same shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, be paid into the Hands of some Banker, or of such other Person or Persons as shall be approved by a Majority of such Proprietors, and that no Monies be issued out of the Hands of such Banker, or other Person or Persons, without an Order of the Commissioners, specifying the . Person to whom the same are payable, and the Service for which the same are due, and that the Balance, if any, upon the final Settlement of Accounts, shall be immediately repaid to the Land Owners, in propprtion to the Sums respectively paid by them; and also a Clause, providing that the final Award shall be read and signed by the Commissioners, in the Presence of the Proprietors, at a Special General Meeting called for that Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice at least shall be given in some Newspaper to hp named, circulating within the County,

and that such Award shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the Parish Church, from the Time of which Proclamation the same shall be considered as complete for the Purpose of Appeal.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

\The postponed Order of the Day being read; k

The House proceeded to take into further Considera- Report on tion the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Grimsby Haven Com- ther consider-pany to finish and complete the Navigation of the said eJ *

Haven, and for amending the Act, pafl'ed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 20° die J; Afina 39° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1 79 9-

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Curaon's, &«.

for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition react'10" 1 and Division between the late Honourable Penn Afieton Curzon, deceased, and the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Ribb/efdale (then Thomas Lifer, Esquire) of the Rectory of Whalley, and of the Chapels, Glebe Lands,

Messuages, Tenements, Tythes, Obvensions, Profits, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a Lease from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, at all Times hereafter, to grant the said Rectory and Premises by Two several Leases, according to the said Partition and Division, was read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Tinfe.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for dividing, allotting, BUI, paM *

and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds within

or belonging to the Manor of King's Bromley, and also

certain Open Meadows or Lands within the Parish or

Manor of King's Bromley aforesaid, in the County of

Stafford, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

Commons or Waste Grounds within or belonging to the

Manor of King's Bromley, and also certain Open Meadow's

or Lands within the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley'

aforesaid, in the County of Stafford. 1

Ordered, That Sir John Wrottefey do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the Petition of the City of London attended at the Door, they were called of Lo°nXn,a in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- fj° a'wT mons, of the City of London, in Common Council tinVaL assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And'

e

% 9 Geo. III. ao° Junii. 669

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the to consider of the Thirteenth Report of the Com mi Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the sioners, appointed to examine, take, and state the Public Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Accounts of the Kingdom, which was presented to the intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into House upon the 21st Day of March 1785; and also, of " One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Reports (relative to the the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Revenue of the Customs, and to the Public Funded " Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering Debt, and the Public Expenditure for the Year 1797)

" the Militia of the City of London, and for the further which, upon the 19th Day of July 1797 and the 26th regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said Day of June 1798, were made from the Seled ComCity;"'and Setting forth. That the Petitioners appre- mittee, who were appointed to examine and state the hend some of the Provisions of the said Bill will, if carried total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters into EfTcd, be highly prejudicial to the Inhabitants relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure, the Householders within the City of London, and more efpe- Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to cially that Part of the said Bill which subjects the several report to the House; which he read in his Place; and Parishes, within the same City, to the Maintenance of afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Wives and Children of the Militia Men of the Regi- the same were read, and are as followeth; ment from Time to Time Rationed therein, although That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the Inhabitants of the said City pay a large Yearly Sum That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury be x towards the Support of the London Militia: And there- authorized to contrail and agree with his Grace Charles fore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Duke of Richmond, the Grantee of certain Duties of Agents, and Witnesses, against so much of the said Bill Twelve Pence upon every Chaldron of Coals shipped out as may affect the Interest of the Inhabitants of the said of the River Tyne to be l'pent within this Realm, for the City, and that the same may not pals into a Law as it Purchase of the said Duties.

now Hands. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee *

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, That the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury until the said Bill be read a Second Time. be authorized to charge upon the Consolidated Fund,

for the Purchase of the said Duties, a Yearly Sum, not

Duties on an Day of April

presented.,> other Public Bodies, from the Payment of Duty, and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

also the Legacy of Books, and other Articles, given by That a Duty of Twelve Pence be charged upon every

the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Crache- Chaldron of Coals, of the Water Measure of Newcastle

rode to the Trustees of the j British Mufetim: And the upon which shall be shipped on board any Vessel

lame was received; and read the First Time. in the River Tyne, and brought Coastwise from Port to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. -Port in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed-, and Ordered, That the said Bill beread a Second Time that the Annual Sum of Five Hundred Pounds be Tomorrow Morning. charged upon and made payable out of the said Duty, to

the Heirs and Assigns of Sir Thomas Baronet, in

Report Ways Mr. Brugge, according to Order,'reported from the lieu of a-like Annuity granted by King Charles the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Second out of the said Duties on Coals shipped out of

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the the River Tyne.

Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Committee had directed him to report to the House; That it is expedient that a certain Annual Sum should which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in be paid to the Master and Worker of His Majesty's at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and Mint, in lieu of all Fees, Allowances, and Emoluments are as followeth; viz. whatever.

Exchequer Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Bills. That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Ma- Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

jesty, the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thou- agreed to by the House.

land Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Three be charged on the first Aids to be granted in the next first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Session of Parliament. ' Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. (hend, Mr. John

D°. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and Mr. Long, do pre-jesty, the Sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans pare, and bring in, the fame,

or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the first Aids to Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the last of be granted in the next Session of Parliament. the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. John Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Smyth, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, agreed to by the House. Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do pre-

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of pare, and bring in, the fame, the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to

Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries and bring in, the fame. carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights,

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the other of and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Im-the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Chan- portation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease: And the cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. John Smyth, same was received; and read the First Time,

Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pybus, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

and bring in, the fame. Tomorrow Morning.

Bill for ex-einpting certain Legacies

fmm HuHr

The Master of the Rolls presented to the House, ac- exceeding the Annual Produce of the said cording to Order, a Bill for exempting certain speci- Average of Ten Years preceding the 5th fic Legacies which shall be given to Bodies Corporate, or 1709-

Report from Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

finance Ke- -- . on

ports. Vol. 54' 8 H enable

Greenland, See. Fisheries Bill, present-cd.

(Expiring

Law.)

Income Duty Exchequer Bills Bill, reported.

6yo 20° Junii. A. 1799.

enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Duties on Income, was committed, the Amendments which the

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and " then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. _

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrotfed.

B'ft to amend The House was moved. That an Act-, made in this de ring "the 1" Present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to Redemption " amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, passed °fthe r\nd . " in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's ordered^1113 ' " Reign, and the present Session of Parliament, for " the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Douglas, Mr. Burdon, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

jvid<re<: Sah- Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the ported!1'rC Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the

Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the

Courts in Westminster Hall, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts, on their Resignation of their respective Offices, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where ' the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrotfed.

vote of Credit Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Bill, reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had . made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Bill respecting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ^eaGhn§ of the Bill for empowering the Company of Cnnan Ca- Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation to repay nan, commit- into the Court of Exchequer in the Sum ad-

vanced to them for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty as relates to the said Company, and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum so to be received to the Company of the Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions, be now read.

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third. Bin to^comi-Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for further contimi- hohp Farming, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty- ing Act, seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Palkd> tuled, " An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or " Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being;

" to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

" on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time,

" to such Persons as should be willing to contract for " the fame," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing, until the First Day v

of February One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties " granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of " His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for " travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as " should be willing to contract for the fame."; '

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Newfound-Order, a Bill to revive and continue the Bounties granted kn Fishencj by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign <J. ' present of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries (Expiring carried on at Newjoundlaiid and Parts adjacent from Law l

Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Miliih Subai-Reading of the Bill for making Allowances, in certain term Bin, Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of con, mitK'i-Peace, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Britishi Fith-Reading of the Bill to revive, further continue, and amend, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the -Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " continue and amend an Act, made in the Twentysixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries," be n jvv read.

. And

Stamp Duties Account Bill, committed.

Committee on Lottery Bill.

Sugar and Coffee additional Duties Bill, p^lfed.

39 Geo. Ill,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'clf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for altering the Period of making up the Annual Account of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wh ole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That the Duties on Sugar imported by the East India Company, shall be paid, notwithstanding any Act of this Session.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by W'ay of Ryder, directing. That the Bounty on the Exportation of British Plantation Sugar, shall be paid on all Sugar shipped before the 24th of July 1799.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Marquis of fitchfiehl reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Application of the different Sums of Money that have been paid to the Clerk of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy for the County of Mfor the Purpose of bcingpaid to Substitutes on, their joining the Regiments of Militia for the said County, That the Committee had examined the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of tire House, enquired into the Matter to them referred: And,

Lorenzo Stable, Esquire, produced to your Committee an Account of Calli left in Hand by Principals at the various Subdivision Meetings of the Supplementary Militia, which their Substitutes were to receive on joining the Regiment; and of Cash paid to Substitutes who joined the Regiments, and advanced to the Colonels and Paymasters of the respective Regiments; and also, of Money paid to Men who entered into the 44th Regiment of Foot; which Account is subjoined to this Report, in Appendix (A.): And,

Colonel Glyn, of the North Militia, produced

an Account of Money paid by Mr. Stable to Lieutenant Ormiflon, late Paymaster of that Regiment, and of Money disbursed by him to Substitutes on their joining the said Regiment; and also, an Account of Money received by Colonel Glyn from Mr. Stable as Bounty Money, and paid by him to Substitutes of the said Regiment; and also, an Account of Money received by the present Pay-master, Captain Townsend, from Mr. Stable, previous and since the embodying; which Accounts are annexed in the Appendixes (B.) (C.) and (D.): And,

Lorenzo Stable, Esquire, being examined, was asked. Whether, in his Account, there is not a Statement of Money received and paid on Account of the East dlesex, the West Middlesex, and the Regiments ? he answered, There was. And being asked. Whether he has not reason to believe there remains a Balance in the Hands of Lord Mansfield, Colonel Bay ley, and Colonel Clitherow I he said, Yes, certainly: And,

A Member present produced to your Committee a Letter from Colonel Clitherow, acknowledging his having about One Hundred Guineas in his Hands; Appendix (E.): And,

It appears to Your Committee, that there remains in the Hands of Mr. Stable,£.2,131. 7 in the Hands of Colonel Glyn, £.1,310. ior.; in those of Colonel Clitherow, about One Hundred Guineas; and that there remains in the Hands of Lord Mansfield and Colonel Bailey, certain Sums of no considerable Amount, which, cannot at present be al'certained.

Appendix (A.)

To Calli left in Hand by Principals,' at the various Subdivision Meetings of the Supplementary Militia, which their Substitutes were to receive on joining the Regiment *

9»853

s. d. 8 6

To Cash paid to Substitutes whojoined £. s. d.

the North Regiment ' - - 3,814 ——

D - - - South - - 1,687 7 —

D° - - - Eastern - 5I9I5 —

D° - - - Western - - 574 7 —

D° - - - Westminster - - 600 12 —

D° - - - 44th Regiment - - 126 ——

To Cash paid in various small Sums,

about - - - 400 -

£.7,722 1 —

Vol. 54.

Appendix

Report from Committee

respecting

Middlesex Militia Substitutes Money.

7 *

2o° J

APPendix (B.)

A. 1799.

^COUNT of Money paid by Mr. Stable 1

Militia; and of Money disbursed by him ? c^tn^ant late Paymaster of the North Middled

o Substitutes, on their joining the said Regiment.

For Two Divisions Expended to Substitutes

Balance

Of which £,300 only was paid.

£. s. d. 1,016 8 o 689 6 6

£.327 1 6

APpcndix (C.)

Colonel C/yVs ACCOUNT of Bounty Money received and paid by

Middlesex Militia.

Received of Mr. Stable.

£ 5. d.

414 4 6

96 12 —

117 12

H2 7 —

271 19 —

86 2

189 12

5S4 l7 —

178 IO

IOO l6

J45 I9 —

226 l6

81 18 —

67 4 —

1 797-

- - June 30th.

- July29th.

- - July 13th-

- - August 9th.

- - August 31st.

- - August 14th.

- - September &2d.

- - October 17th.

- - November 10th.

- January 25th, 1798.

- February 17th.

Paid to the

£. s.

50 ——

150 — — IOO — - —

100 ——

250 ——

100 ——

400 ——

150 — — 100 ——

IOO ——

150 —

20 ——

him for the Substitutes of the North

Paymaster for the Substitutes.

1797- -

- - July 6th.

- - July21 It.

- - Ju ly 29th.

- - August9th.

- - August 31st.

- - September 22 th

- - October 18th.

- - November 11 th.

- - December 4th.

- - December 27th.

- - January 26th, 1798.

- - February 17 th.

£.2,663

29 l5 3°o —

£.1,670 ——

14 14 — Bounty paid to Men joined, upon baing embodied *

6 The Balance returned to Colonel Gljn — From Mr. Ormiston.

£.1,684 14 —

£.2,995 4 —

1,684 14 —

f. 1,310 IO ----- --- Due to the County, June 20th.

Appendix (D.)

An ACCOUNT of Money received by the present Paymaster, Captain Jownjend, from Mr., Stable, previous,

and since the embodying.

/. s. d.

Received of Mr. Stable - - - . 91 7 —

- , - - «b - 105 -

After being embodied

Expended to Substitutes

£'l9 > 7 —

196 7 —

No Balance.

Appendix (E.)

' My Lord, Lofton 8, 1799.

I HAVE the Honour to inclose, for your Information, a Return of the Supplementary Men attached to the Royal Westminster Regiment. I have further to inform your Lordship, that 1 have a Balance remaining in my Hands, belonging to Men who have not joined the Regiment, amounting, as near as I can ascertain, to One Hundred Guineas.

.1 have the Honour to remain.

My Lord,

' Your jnoft obedient humble Servant,

The Marquis of Fitchfield. Colonel.

Orders

39 Ge(5. III.

20° junii.

Ordered, That it be an Inst'ruftion (o the Gentlemen',

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to

amend an Act, made in the-Twentydijcth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An A<!:1: for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament,

" the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England " and also, an Act, made in the

Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, "An Act for providing an Augmentation

" to the Militia, to be trained and exertiled in the

" Manner therein directed; and for enabling His Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of

" Ncceftity, for the Defence of these Kingdoms," so far

as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of Mid-

dlcsex and Surrey, That they do make Provision in the

laid Bill, for applying certain Monies, remaining in the

Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other Persons, towards the

completing of the said Militia.

' %

Militia Pay Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to Bill, present. Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine: And the same was received j and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to make Mr. Bragge presented to the House, according to inc si'ver^ Order, a Bill for reviving and making perpetual an Act, Coin perpe- made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present tual, present- Majesty} intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation " of light Silver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign " Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the l ender thereof beyond a certain Sum And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

importation. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, conMered° bC ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Wool from any Country or Place, in Ships belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty.

Debate on A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it appears to this House, that the Amount Public Debt, , of the Public Funded Debt existing on the 5th of &c.adjourn- January 1793 was £.238,231,248, exclusive of Long

- and Short Annuities to the Amount of 1,373,550;

of which Sums, cn the ill February 1799, Stock to the Amount of £. 28,677,689 had been purchased by, and Annuities to the Amount of 119,880 had fallen in,

to the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt; reducing the actual Amount of the Debt existing cn 5th January 1793 to £- 209,553,559, and the Annuities to £ 1,253,670;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

0> dered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant

» 1

"suit Duty ;n Resolved, That this House will, Tc-morrow Morning, Scotland, to ref0)ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties on Salt in that Tart of Great Britain called Scotland.

Time, and for regulating the Duties on- piftilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland-, and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Dutjr on unmalted Grain uled in Distillation, in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confidfcr further of the Report from the Committee of Secrecy

Resolved, That this House will, Tc-morrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

' 1 1 , if

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of tire whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Appointment of Persons to a (Tift the Overseers of the Poor, was again re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tt> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee:

The House, according to Order, tefolVed itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty, granted by an Act of the last Session, on Goods the Manufacture of Great ported to any Place within the Straits of Gibraltar.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, the Duties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the P&ymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

1 i

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Bill to amend Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to lery Act.'pre- -Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in iinted. ' the present Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the.

several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited

Vol. 54. 81 ,

Committee on Rcjioit from Com in it tee of Secrecy, deferred.

Overseers Ailistant Bill, deferred.

Small Note» Duty Bill, deferred.

Committee on Levant Trade Bilk

Spirit Licences Bill, deferred.

Land Revenue Transfer Bill, deferred.

The Lord have agreed to

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities.

Liverpf>ol Docks Ball.

Carlton rum \V ill ingham Incloi'urc Bill.

Wat ton

Schoul, &e. Exchange Bill, reported, and failed.

Ctrimfby Haven Bill, passed.

674 21 JuniL 1799.

Veneris^ 21° Junii;

Anno 39 Georgii III1" Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from- the Lords, by Mr.

and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool, and for rendering more sese and commodious the said Port and Docks; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open, and Common Fields, Commons, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ad‘ for efteding an Exchange of Lands between the Trustees of the Free Grammar School in IVotton-toidsr-Edge, in the County of Gloucester, and Nicholas Owen Smy 1 he Owen, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-tisfadion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Haven

Company to finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending the Ad, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, arid improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that Land shall not be dug deeper than may be requisite for affording a Sufficient lcouring Relervoir, to remain the exclusive Property of the Owners, and containing other Provisions respecting Towing Paths, Ways, and Wharfs.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by W ay of Ryder, declaring that the detached Pieces of Land therein described may be taken, notwithstanding the Variations allowed by the Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 17. To leave out from " Hundred" to " any " in 1. 18. and inlert " Shares " in the Wliyle" instead thereof.

Pr. 27. 1. 30. After "thereof" to insert " but not " otherwise."

1. 35. To leave out " aforesaid" and insert " herein is directed " instead thereof.

Pr. 33. 1.21. To leave out "with" and insert " and to dispose of the Soil to be " excavated in such Manner that" instead thereof.

1. 23. After " Feet" to insert " in Breadth, " and beyond the Water Line of " the lcouring W7ater next after " mentioned and provided, can or " may be made."

Pr. 34. 1. 23. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to "and" in Pr. 35.

1. 21,

Pr. 44. 1. 14. To leave out from " in" to the End of the Line, and insert " making or " forming as before mentioned" instead thereof.

I. 22. To leave out from " to" to "cost" in 1. 23.

1. 24. To leave out from " Soil" to "a" and insert " to be excavated in the " making or forming of such new " Branches, that " instead thereof.

1. 26. After " way" to insert " can or may " be made."

Pr. 46. 1. 16. At the End of the Line to add "within One Year next after the passing f " of this Act".

1. 19. To leave out from "Year" to "all" in 1. 20. and insert " after the same " shall have been so made and < " done " instead thereof.

Pr. 50. 1. 21. To leave out from " notwithstanding" to "and " in Pr. 52. 1. 8.

Pr. 61. 1. 14. After " Extent " to insert "the Allowance hereby authorized to be " made of a precedent Interest or " Dividend, for the more speedily " raising the Money hereby granted,

" being always excepted. "

Pr. 63. I.23. To leave out from " notwithstand ing" to " and" in Pr. 64.

1. 10.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of ,in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellijhdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parishes of Grantcheder and in

the County of Cambridge, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Edward LII/ey, Gentleman, being beneficially possessed of, or entitled to, certain Messuages, Clofcs, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in -chester, in the County of Cambridge, by virtue of Two several Indentures of Lease, granted to him by the Provost and Scholars of King's College, in the University-df Cambridge, and of the other Persons, whole Names-ate

thereunto

1

Grantctef.ef and Cotori, Indoiurc Bill, reported.

ftibbon Manufacturers Bill, palTeck

39 Geo. III. £i°

thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Messuages, Closes, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in aforesaid, and in Cot on, in the said County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 134 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of 5 Acres, who could not be met with; and also the Proprietors of 45 Acres, who had been applied to, but returned no final Answer;'and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed consists of 2,372 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Wages, and the Prices for Work, to be paid in the Ribbon Manufactory within the City and County of the City of Coventry, and within the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for imposing a Penalty on Persons endeavouring to evade the Act.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read With Blanks.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wigley took the Chair'of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Wigley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him

' j

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Time for Prosecutions.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed io by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. v -

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

VOL. 54.

Junii. 675

be, An Act for regulating the Wages, and the Prices for Work, to be paid in the Ribbon Manufactory within the City and County of the City of Coventry, and within the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce Bird do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Longpresented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill to ascertain the Salary of the Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, " A.n Act to " amend, and render more effectual. Two Acts, passed " in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the present Session of Parliament, for the " Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as fojloweth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty recommends it to the House of Commons, to consider of enabling His Majesty to make Remittances, from Time to Time, to be applied to His Service in Ireland, in such Manner as shall be approved by the Parliament of that Kingdom, to an Amount nqt exceeding Three Millions, on Provision being made by the Parliament of Ireland, for defraying the Interest and Charges of a Loan to that Amount.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for exempting certain specific Legacies which shall be given to Bodies Corporate, or other

Public

Matter of the Mini's Salary Bill, pretexted.

Bill to amend Land Tax Redemption Act presented.

King's Message re spedin^ a Loan to Ireland.

House refotves to adjourn to Monday.

Bill to amend Scotch Distil-lery Ad, committed.

Bill for ex-emoting certain Legacies from Duty, committed.

Rill respe£V-iner the Militia of Middle fox and Surrey, p relented.

Order read for Committee on Salt Duty in Scotland.

Royal AiText to Bills.

676 210 junii. . A. 1709.

Public Bodies, from the Payment of Duty, and also the Legacy of Books, and other Articles, given by the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Cracherode,

to the Tru flees of the BritisJi be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Marquis of Titckfeld presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of and Surrey, and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other Persons, towards the completing of the said Militia: And the same was received; and ' read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to'consider of the Duties on Salt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman Ulher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire tlife immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.i

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned; '

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Biils therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Kenyon, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty's Iiouihold, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the litid Bills: W hich Bills are as followeth;

An Act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities:

' An Act to repeal the Duty, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Raw Linen Yarn, the Produce of the Territories of the King of Prussia, and imported directly from thence intp this Kingdom, and for charging another Duty in lieu thereof:

An Act for regulating the Rates of Porterage to be taken by Innkeepers, and other Persons, within the Cities of London and Westminsterthe Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for raising a Militia Force in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and enlaige the Powers of several Acts, relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Wet Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool, and for rendering more safe and commodious the said Port and-Docks:

An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation, to vary the Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lap-worth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Town(liip of Gra/ilwrpe, in the County of Nottingham: An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Pari flics of and South Stoke, in the county of:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures, within the Township of Long Preston, in the Parish of Long in the West Rid-

ing of the County' of York, and for embanking and draining several Parcels of Ground within the same, Township, called Long Prejlcnlags: An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common, called Knayton Moor, and other Waste Lands, within the Tow'nship of Knayton, and Parish of in the North Riding of the County of York: , '

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Undivided inclosures, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within (he Townships of Sandal I Magna, and

in the Parish of Sandall Magna, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and W'afte Lands; Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Walton, in the Parish of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham: An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Lyddington with Caldecott, and Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and also a Common or Waste within the same County, called Uppingham Brand, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the same Parishes, and all the Deer Browle and Rights of Com- 1 mon upon Beaumont Chace, in the same County, and making a Compensation fox such Tythes and Common Rights respectively:

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common in thp Township of Althorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the fame, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, and for extinguishing the Tyth.cs in the same Parish.

Then

39 Geo. III.

2i° Junii.

6n

Committee on Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of Scotland m t',e whole House, to fonfider of the Duties on Salt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Etg to tiuTvi- That there be laid before this House, Copies of all xier AliKhan, Dispatches, Documents, or other Papers, received from Sudut aw"" India, relagvc to the Appointment of the young Nabob Khan, with- of Oude, Vizier AH Khan, to succeed to the Office of drawn. Subadar of Oude, on the Death of the lat£ Nabob Ajoph nl Dowla, and also to the subsequent Deposition of the said Nabob Vizier and to the Appointment of the present Nabob Saadnt Ali; and also Copies of all Treaties or Agreements made with either of the said Nabobs, namely, Vizier -Ali Khan, or Saadnt Ali Khan, by the Government of Bengal, or on their Behalf; and also such Part of the Dispatches of the Court of Directors, or of the Board of Controul, as have relation to this Subject.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn. '

Papers re!a- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a vizi«r &u»dut Gopy of the Minute of the Governor General of . Ali, ordered, gal, of the 13th of January 1798, with the Papers therein referred to; and also a Copy of the Treaty with the Vizier Saadut Ali-, and also Copies of such Parts of the Dispatches of the Court of Directors, and of the Board of Commissioners for Affairs of India, as have relation to this Subject.

The Lords have agreed to

Roc heller and MVidftone Road Hill.

Seditious Societies Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords haves prilled Sir Tkivid Lind lay's RlUte Bill.

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr-. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, pa&d in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three " Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, for repairing and enlarging the Road " leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, " in the Parish of Saint Matgaret, in to

" stone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Coun-

" ty of Kentwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to convey, pursuant to a Contract of Sate already entered into, an Estate at Charleyzvood, in the Parish of Rickmersworth, in the County of Herts, late belonging to Sir David Baronet, deceased,

deviled, in Itrict Settlement, by a Codicil to his Will, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, with Power of leafing the Estates to be settled; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

VO L.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First sir DaviJ Time. Lind lay's

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. read! *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, " to consider further of the Bill for the Reduction of the duction, &c« Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein ®iU to be limited, and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to iricrease His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, be now read.

1 And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. William Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed tlu; Chair.

Mr. WilliaiftDundas reported from the Committee, .

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. William Dundas accordingly reported from the Bill, reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consulerat ion upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a 'Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee,'be printed, as shall be lutficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Bill to Bill resprfling amend Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so Surrey'tob far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of printed Middlesex and Surrey, and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other Persons, towards the completing of the said Militia, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Or- Billrefpeaing der, a Bill to continue and amend lb much of an Act, Maidstone made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His pre- rented?1'pr " sent Majesty, as permits Sir William George (Expiring

and Arg/es Bishop, to carry on the Manulacture of Maid- L w'^ fone Geneva: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in this Bill to amend present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the '

" last Session of Parliament, foV granting an Aid and " Contribution for the Prosecution of the War; and " to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain juries upon Income, in " lieu of the said Duties," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, so far as relates to the All'effmertts made upon Trustees, Agents, Receivers, and Guardians: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and brin£ in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Lottery Bill, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reputed, granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House;

8 K and

Dny appointed for con side ring Lords-Amendments to Ardwick Green and Wilmslow Roads Bill.

levant Trade Bill, reported.

0

Committee on Bill rel'pecting the Forth and Clyde and Crinan Canals.

Act for Pro-fed ion of Trade, to be «Qnlidered.

r

078 210 Junii. 1.799.

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed tb by ' the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wish the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting,

" and turning the Road from near

" Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge

" at the Corn Mills at IVi/mJlow, in the County of " Chester," be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty, granted by an Act of the last Session, on Goods the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Straits of Gibraltar, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered^hat the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to repay into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland the Sum advanced to them for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty as relates to the said Company; and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum, so to be received, to the Company of the Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions, be now read.

And the said Order being, read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the " better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom;

" and for granting new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported and exported, and on the 4

" Tonnage of certain Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing " the Preliminary Articles of Peace," might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act,

Mr. Rofepresented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upost Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Matthew Bolton, Engineer, to export the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the Dominions of his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of all the Russias: And that Mr. Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more secure Conveyance of Ship Letters, and for granting to His Majesty certain Rates of Postage thereon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a- Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties " imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for M the Prosecution of the War, and to make more " effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting " certain Duties upon Income in lieu of the said Duties," so far as relates to the Assesslr.cnts made upon Trustees, Agents, Receivers, and Guardians: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Duties on Income, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Duties on Incomb.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge "do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

£3,000,000 Exchequer Hi!U Bill, pre-feu ted.

£.3 500,000 Exchequer Bills hdlyprt fented.

Russian Mint ordered.

Ship Letter Bill, presented.

Bill to unend Income Duty Ad, presented.

Income Duty Exchequer Bills Hill, pulit'l.

39 Geo. III.

o

2i J

619

Ku'pailbi'1 Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for enabling His Majesty to raile the Sum of Three Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Rravge do carry the Bill tq the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wool?2110"° to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Wool „ from any Country or Place, jn Ships belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brngge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report he now received, reported. Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow the Importation of Wool, in any Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with His Majesty.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow the Importation of Wool, in any Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with His Majesty: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

silver Coin Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ted.' C°mtr:,t‘ Reading of the Bill for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the " Importation of light Silver Coin, of this Rc-ilm, from " Foreign Countries, into Britain or Ireland; and " to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

- Resolved, That the Bfli be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Newfound- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second JgUj commit- ^eac^'ng of the Bill to revive and continue the Bounties ted.' granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at and Parts adjacent

from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions - in Europe, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Militia Pay Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

ai, commit- Reading Qf the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain Vo i. 54.

called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Greenland, Reading of the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries ted.' carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, (Expiring and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Create, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, stamp Duties upon the Bill for altering the Period of making up the Account 1 Annual Account of the Duties on Stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. *

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Clyur.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report^ when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom Report from the Memorial of Sir Charles Grey and Earl Saint Vincent, Committee praying, That the Claims for American Ships, taken in the consider Me" West Indies in 1794, may be paid by Government, on morial of sir

their paying £.29,682. 10 s.4 d.was referred; That the Charles Grey,

Committee had examined the Matter thereof, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the.House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Joseph Kaye, Esquire, Agent for Sir Charles Grey and Earl Saint Vincent, produced to Your Committee, an Account Sales, verified by Oath in the High Court of Admiralty here, of the Ships and Goods captured by the Memorialists, and sold by their Agents in the Island of Martinique, in the Year 1794, and which had been condemned by a Court of Admiralty erected by the Memorialists in that Island, amounting to the Sum of ,£.52,523 Currency, which (after deduding the Expences of Sale and other Charges, being 10 Cent.) is equal to £.27,012 Sterling. And being examined, he -said. That the said Court of Admiralty, lo erected by the Memorialists as aforesakl, being held not to be legally constituted, and that the Proceedings carried on in it were null and void, they were called upon, by the American Claimants, to institute Proceedings in the High Court of Admiralty here, and to proceed to the Adjudication of all the captured Ships and Cargoes; and he produced to Your Committee, a Minute of the Sentences of the High Court of Admiralty upon each Ship and Cargo: And further said. That it appears, from the Account

68o

A. 1799.

count Sales above-mentioned, that no separate Account ( was kept of the Proceeds of each particular Cargo. — That the Money received from the Sale of the Property, restored as American, was inverted in the Memorialists' Names in the Purchase of 'Stock, and since the Investment, the Reduction in the Price thereof has exceeded the Dividends received upon it; that upon a very careful Examination of the Agents Accounts, it appears, that the Sum received for the Ships and Cargoes claimed as> American (after deducing the Expences of Sale) was only £.3 0,996. 18 r. out of which the Sum of£. 1,314. 7J. 8 has been paid in Discharge of a Claim allowed, which makes the net Sum inverted £.29,682. ioj. 4^. — And the Witness being further examined, said, That the grot's Amount of all the Claims, as nearly as can be estimated from the Claimants own Estimate of the Value of the Property, is about £.140,000 Sterling. — That the Ships taken at , and claimed as

American, and which were afterwards taken by the French on the Recapture of that 111 and, were of the Value of about £. 35,000, as stated by the Claims, which being deducted from the £. 140,000, reduces the Claims to £.105,000. — That Three of those Claims have been investigated by the Register Merchants, to whom they were referred by the Court of Admiralty, and have been reduced about One Third, and from the best Information he has been able to collect upon the Subject, he believes a finiilar Reduction will be made on the rest. That the Sum of £.1,314. 7 8 paid by the Memo-

rialists in Discharge of a Claim allowed, being deducted from the above-mentioned Sum of £.27,012. leaves the Sum actually in their Hands £.25,697. 12J. 4 although the Memorialists are stili willing to pay the said Sum of £.29,682. 10s. $d.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bill to amend The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Mi,‘ Reading of the Bill for altering and amending an Act, terred. ' de passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, " passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordfcr-ing the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands, or Militia of the " said City ;"

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Sccoud Time upon Monday Morning next.

Omsideration The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur-of Kepor« re- ther Consideration the Report which was made from the ticetfor Di°"m Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Ex-Roads, deter- pediency of requiring Notices to be" given of any intended red‘ Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill

- for the making of Ways or Roads, usually called Railways or Dram Roads, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act passed for that Purpose, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Fuejdav Morning next.

Combinations The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of Workmen, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon deferred. the Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refclve itself into the said Committee.

Way and The Order of the Day being read, for the House Means, defer- to rep0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rel'olve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report, be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in minster Hall, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts, on their llefignation of their respective Offices;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a' Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive, further continue, and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, " made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Fisheries."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gdne through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee of Secrecy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Bills of Exciiange and Promissory Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, the Duties now

performed

Supply, deferred.

Confidenatiot of Report of Standing Orders relative to Inclosure Bills, defti red.

Judges Salaries Bill, deferred.

Committee oa Militia Subalterns Bill.

Committee oa British Fineries Bill-

Committee 01 Report from Committee of Secrecy, deterred.

Small Notes . Duty Bill, deferred.

Spirit Licences Bill, deferred.

Lind Revenue Transfer Bill, deferred. 1

5$ GeO. III.

41s — 24° fiinii.

81

performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Revenue and for directing the Mode of attesting the Were agreed to by the House.

Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's That the Bill, with the Amendments; be

Forces. , ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next Ten of the Clock.

y!and't Mat, Bill, committed.

LutteBy 2 40 die Junii;

Anno 390 Georgii III. 11 Regis, 1799; Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Lewis Count Byland, was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bragge, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Westminster Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Ba£rtreported. w^om the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Wand for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting . the other Public Business of the said City and Liberty, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table rWhere the Amendments were Once read throughout 5 and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for re-investing Purchase Money.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for empowering the Clerk to adjourn Meetings, in Cafes where a sufficient Number of Commissioners dp not attend.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

North Croft- Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Eiit reportedL whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of North Crofsland, in the Parish of A/mondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, vias committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once < read throughout; and then a Second Time, One By

Vol. 54.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Dalton inclo-

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the re'

several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Coni-mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties com Cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and also to the changingTwo . Of the Commissioners therein named; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Kirkliston whom the Bill for inclosing, and leafing or letting certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, and other Taxes or Public Expences within the said Township; and for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotments, and Inclosure of the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Township, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclo^ sure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Proprietors of about 15 Acres, who could not be found; and that the whole Property of Persons interested in the Inclosure, consists of 1,043 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Savile reported from the Committee, to whom Buekl nd the Bill to continue the Term of an Act, passed in the R°»d Bill, re-Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ported‘ intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike " Road in the Parish of AJlhall, in the County of Oxford,

" to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the " County of Berks," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the 8 L Amendments,

684

44° J

A \ 17

agreed to.

Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the . Amendments were Once read throughoutand then a

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'cvcrally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the 1 ioufe.

Ordered, That the Billj with' the Amendments, be

ingrotied.

Cureon's, kc.- An ingrotied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ornmiuecLIII, for confirming and rendering effectual, a Partition and Division between the late Honourable Penn zon, deceased, and the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Ribblesdale (then Thomas Esquire) of the Rectory

of fyhalley, and of the Chapels, Glebe Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Tythes, Obventions, Profits, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a Lease from v the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, at all Times hereafter, to grant the said Rectory and Premises by Two several Leases, according to the said Partition and Division, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

zon, Mr. MelliJJt, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

dsAmend- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into wick Green Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to ami Wiimilow the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-Roads Bill, one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning " the Road from Ar divide Green, near , in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills " at IVilmJlow, in the County of be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration. *

And the said Amendments were Once read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 9. Leave out " Pence " and insert " Shil-' " lings."

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 26th Day of June 1781, of the Proceedings of the House upon taking into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a new Gaol, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of Gloucester, and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and regulating the Streets there, might be read. And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the fhen next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third \ ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning " the Road from ArdiviGreen, near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn " Mills at IVilmJhnv, in the County o were

read a Second Time.

And it appearing to the Iloufe, from the Petition of the Truilces, and by the Report which was made to the House from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, That the Tolls were insufficient for the Purposes of the Trull; and it all'o appearing, from the general Frame of the Bill, that it was the Intention of this House, not to make any Variation in the Class of Tolls to which the Amendments refer, but to continue them the same as before; and that the Alteration of the Tolls on Waggons with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, from Four Shillings, as it flood in the former Act, to Four Pence, was dojie by Mistake;

The Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do early the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That a special Entry be made in the Journal of this House, of the Reasons for agreeing to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen (from the Papers relate Directors of the East India Company) attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of the Minute of the Governor General of Bengal, of the 13th January 1798, with the Papers therein referred to; and also, aCopy of the Treaty with the Vizier.

Saadut Ali, and of such Parts of the Dispatches of the Court of Directors, and of the Board of Commissioners for Affairs of India, as have relation to this Subject. *

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Cammmte on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, [°nr "‘r upon the Bill for exempting certain specific Legacies tain Legacies which shall be given to Bodies Corporate, or other Public from Du,y Bodies, from the Payment of Duty, and also the Legacy of Books, and other Articles, given by the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the Trustees of the British Museum, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed ttoe Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Long presented to the House, according to Order, Rn(rum Min( a Bill to enable Matthew Boulton, Engineer, to export Bill, presented, the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the Dominions of his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of all the RuJJias:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,'That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr, Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Report onS«it Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Duty Scot-to consider of the Duties on Salt in that Part of Great Un *

Britain called Scotland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties and Drawbacks on all Salt made in Scotland, or imported from Scotland into England or Wales, shall ceale and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Bushel of Salt which shall be made at any Salt Work in Scotland, there be charged the Sum of Four Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Bushel of Salt which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, having paid the

Duty

iiilitia Re-

duction, See. ijill, deferred.

Bill tefpett-5ng the Forth v and Clyde and Crinan Canals, reported *

Middlesex,&c Militia Bill, committed *

Jufcru&iom

39 Geo. III,

240 Jf

683

Duty imposed on Salt made in Scotland, there be charged the Sum of Six Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Bushel of Salt which shall be made in$fo/-land, for which all the Duties due thereon shall be paid, and which shall be exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, there be allowed a Drawback of Four Shillings'.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Bushel of Salt, of the Manufacture of Scotland, which shall be used in making oxiginated Mu riatic Acid in Scotland, for the bleaching of Linen and Cotton, there be allowed a Drawback of Four Shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hcjufe.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein to be limited, and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, was re-committed, be. nowr read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to repay into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland the Sum advanced to them for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, as relates to the said Company; and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer tc advance Part of the Sum, so to be received, to the Company of the Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the) Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. \

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That tire Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend Two Acts, palfed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other Persons, towards the completing of the said Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Vol. 54.

jnittee. That they have Power to extend the Provisions of

the said Bill to the County of Kent.

t

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of io resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Supp]y" to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Money which will be Account, &c. Wanted for the Transport Service, and for Prisoners of reler-e<1 War, in Health, at Home and Abroad, for the Year 1799, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty of Amity, Com- Treaty with merce, and Navigation, between His Britannic Majesty Amenca‘ and the United States of America, signed at the

19th Day of November 1794, which was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of November 1795, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Report on Mr. Committee, to whom the Petition of William AJlforth, of &c!^PetitK>n». Walworth in the County of Surrey, Thomas Parry, of Newington in the said County, Thomas Hodgson, Executor of James Richdale, of Lambeth Street, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and Richard Dickinson, of the Ordnance Office, in the Tow'er of London; and also, another Petition of the same Persons, were severally referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the D° on Memo-Committee, to whom the Memorial of Sir Charles Grey Charles Grey, and Earl Saint Vincent, praying. That the Claims for Arne- &c.

rican Ships, taken in the West Indies in 1794, may be paid by Government, on their paying £.29,682. ior. 4 /. was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- . redted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow'.

Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ways and consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- eans ply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Distribution o( the Account of Sum of £.3,200,000, granted to His Majesty, towards enabling His Majesty to defray the Extraordinary Ser- °dforF.xtra-vices of the Army for the Year 1798, paid by the Right ordinaries, re-honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's ferreJ‘ Forces, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Comguttee to moveAthat they may have Leave to fit again.

Bill to amend Income Duty A ft, committed.

Stamp Du tic: Account Billj reported.

Consolidated Fund Bill, presented.

British Fishe ries Bill, reported.

684

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the " Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session " of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution " for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more " effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting " certain Duties upon Income in lieu of the said Du-

ties," so far as relates to the Assessments made upon Trustees, Agents, Receivers, and Guardians, be' now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hpufe will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering the Period of making up the Annual Account of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House $ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then' a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning. '

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to revive, further continue, and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an " Act,.made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the " more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and' afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That "the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

A. 1799.

Mr. Bragge, accotdirtg id Order reported from the Committee of the whole House, to Whom the Bill for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officer's of the Militia in Time of Peace, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tables Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of aft Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection " of the Trade of this Kingdom; and for granting " new and additional Duties of Customs on Goods im» " ported and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain " Ships entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of " Peace," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker lpft the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingossed) to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty, granted by an Act of the last Session, on Goods the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Straits of Gibraltar, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly *

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty granted, by an Act of the last Session, on Goods the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Straits of Gibraltar.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to ascertain the Salary of the Mailer and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " amend and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, and the present Session of Parliament, for the

" Redemption

Militia Subalterns Bill, reported.

Committee oil Act for Pro-te&kmtf Trade.

Levant Trait

Bill, passed.

Matter of the Mint's Salary Bill, committed.

Bill to amend Land Tax Redemption Ad, commit ttd.

39 Geo. III.

24® Junii.

6 s

" Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax," was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-. tee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Scotch oiitU- Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to conti-lery Act. nue and amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain ui'ed in Distillation, in Scotland.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Lottery Bill, polled.

£. 3,000,000 Exchequer Bills Bill, committed.

Morning.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals': And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year -One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will., Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the more secure Conveyance of Ship Letters, and for granting to His Majesty certain Rates of Postage thereon, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Com Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made in the V ol. 54.

Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of " light Silver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the " Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committfe on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Newfound-

' 4 I ri % - I L j

revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, Bill, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His (Expiring present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on Law,) at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Ireland, and the BritishiDominions in.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which 'they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

£.3,300,000 Exchequer Bills Bill, committed.

&C. Fisheries Bill.

(Expiring

Laws.)

Ship Letters Bill, committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill forde- Militia Fay fraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Bllt *

Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Comm literon a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Gree land» continue several Laws relating to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow,

Hogs Lard, and Create.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bill to amend Reading of the Bill for altering and amending an Act, ac\», de passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His tened. present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending,

" and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two " several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirtyfifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for " the better ordering the Militia of the City of " don, and for the further regulating of the Trained " Bands or Militia of the said City;"

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning. %

8 M The

Bill to prevent ConiM nations of Workmen, deferred.

Judges Salaries Biii, deferred.

Committee on Report from Committee of Seer :cy, deferred.

Small Notes Duty Bid, deferred.

Spirit Licences Bill, dc-fsrred.

Committee on Land Reve t e Tranter Bill.

Byland's Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

686

24 — 25° Junii. 1799-

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill "to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen;

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itleif into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in

miujler Hall, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annu-

ities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts, on their Resignation of their rel'peftive Offices;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee of Secrecy;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of July next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange and Pronnllbry Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings;

Ref jived, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itleif into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, the Duties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speakcrrefumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made everal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed 'him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 250 die J

Anno 390 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

TV/S R- J0^'1 reported from the Committee, to

A whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Count By land, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

9

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to divide, allot, inclose, and improve the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the'Parish of Tuxford, in the County of Nottingham.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 2, Leave out from "they" to "and"

in Line 14. and inlert " are entitled.

" to such Part of the Tytl.es of " IVefwood Common aforesaid, as " ariltTrom the Rights of Common " of the Owners of Estates of " Markham and Milnlcn aforesaid,

" thereon."

Pr. 47. 1. 24. Leave out " aforesaid Claim '' and imert " Right and interest. "

1. 37.1 Leave out from "aforesaid" to the Sc End of the Clause.

Pr. 48. 1.25. After " Grounds " insert Clauses " A and B. "

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That " the said Commissioners shall, in the next Place, let apart and " allot to the Proprietors of Lands " and Estates in Markham

" and Maforesaid, such Portions or Shares of and in Wefiwood Common aforesaid, as shall " be a sufficient Compensation and " fully equivalent in Value to the

" Beall Gates, Rights of Common,

" and other Interests, as the same " have been hitherto enjoyed by " the said Proprietors, and to the " Easement, Advantage, and Emolument attending the lame, after " dedufting for Roads, and the " Compensation to the Lord of " the Manor of Tuxford aforesaid,

" for his Right of Soil in the said " Common, and that the said Allotment shall be laid on the " North and North West Sides " of PVef Common aforesaid,

> and contiguous to and adjoining

" as near as may conveniently be " to the Lands in Markham " aforesaid; and that the said Allotment shall be separated from " the rest of Westwood Common " aforesaid, or other Commons in the Parish of Tuxford aforesaid,

" upon which the said Allotment " may abut, by a Ditch Four Feet " wide at the Top thereof, and " Two Feet wide at the Bottom,

" and Three Feet deep, which said " Ditch, and a sufficient Fence " within the lame, shall be made,

" and kept by and at the Expence " of the several Proprietors of Lands " and Estates in Markham

" and Milnton aforesaid, in proportion to their respective Rights " and Interests in the said Allotment; and that from and after " the Date of the Award of the " said Commissioners, the said Allotment shall at all Times thereafter be subject to the Payment " of Tythes to the Impropriator

" and

A

Lo'-ds Ament1, m nts to Tuxford Intloiu.e Bill, agreed to.

Petition of Merchants, iic. again.lt London Port Bill.

30 Geo. III. 25° Jun 87

* and Vicar for the Time heing " of the Parish of West " and AI Union aforesaid; provided,

" that nothing herein contained " shall extend to charge the said " Proprietors of Lands and Estates " in West Markham and " aforesaid, further or otherwise than in respect of the Expences " which shall be incurred by measuring, ascertaining, and making " their laid Allotments."

Clause (B.) And be it further Enacted, That " the said Allotment so made to " the Proprietors of Lands and " Estates in West Markham and " Milnton, shall be deemed, adjudged, and consideredjin all llcipeiis,

" as appurtenant to the said Lands " and Estates in West Markham " and M, and be enjoyed in

" lieu of their former Rights, in as . " free and beneficial a Manner as

" their said former Rights of Bead "'Gates and Commons were Leretofore enjoyed."

Pr. 49. I.30. Leave out from " thereof" to " provided " in Press 58. Line 19.

Pr. 58. I.25. Leave out from " aforesaid " to " from'" in Line 30.

Pr. 84. 1. 18. Leave out from " aforesaid " to "in" in Line 20.

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lotus, and gave their Con-Tent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question feverully put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered That Mr. Pierrepontdo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of assembled, by Public Advertisement, at the London Tavern, on the 20th June 1799, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been long since convinced of the Neccftity of adopting some Measures for the Improvement of the Port of London, and have, with Pleasure, found several Plans proposed for that Purpose, by making Wet Docks, and other Works, in different Parts of the River;

and that the Petitioners have perceived, by the Report of the Select Committee of the House of Commons, to whom different Plans have been referred, that the Plans for making W et Docks in the of Dogs and Wagping, were each of them reported to be attended with peculiar Advantages, and that the speedy Adoption of either would be a great Relief and Advantage to the whole Trade of the Port, but that the immediate Prosecution of that in the Isle of Dogs was recommended; and it appears by a Bill, now before the House, that the Use of those Docks was to be confined to the West India Trade, and that the Ships in that Trade were to be compelled to load and unload in those Docks only; and that the adopting this Measure of Compulsion, instead of being beneficial, will be highly injurious to every Branch of Commerce; and that the Monopoly of so extensive a Branch of Commerce as the India, obviously tends to prevent any further Improvement by other Plans, the Propos'ers of which, while they have had the Benefit of the General Trade of the Port in View, must have looked for Compensation for the Hazard and Expence of their Undertakings, to the Advantages which would arise from the Resort of Shipping to such Docks as might offer the most convenient Accommodation, and, precluded from the A Hi fiance of a Trade exten-V r,. 54.

five as the West India, may be discouraged from those Undertakings which would afford Relief from the various Inconveniencies now experienced; and that the Petitioners have been led to expect, that a laudable Competition, between different Plans, aiming at the most effectual Means of answering every Purpose, by insuring the Protection and Security of Property and Revenue, by lessening the Expences, and adding to the Accommodation of the Port, and founding their Hopes upon their respective Merits only, would have placed the Port of London in such a State as to insure its Convenience, under every supposed Increase of Commerce: And therefore praying, That the Clause, compelling Ships in the West India Trade to resort to the Docks in the Iste of Dogs, may not pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and Cxer-cifrng the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church ox Saint Peter, in and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the other Public Bulincis of the said City and Liberty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for crofting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and tranlafting the other Public Bulinds of the said City and Liberty.

Ordered, That Main-waring do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to continue the Term of an A<fl, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, " widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading " from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Act hall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or " near Buckland, in tue County of links ft was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Pii rliament, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Act for amending, widening, " and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the " Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Act hall, in the " County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near " Buckland, in the County of Berks ft

Ordered, That Mr. Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilberforce Bird reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for incorporating, by Charter, a Company, to be called The Globe Ojftee, for In-

surances on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for granting, purchasitig, and settling Annuities upon or for Lives, or on Survivorship, and for granting Sums payable at future Periods, and for addling Benefit or Friendly Societies, and other charitable Institutions, and providing for the inferior and indigent Clergy, and the Widows and Children of the inferior and indigent Clergy, and for the lower and labouring CiaSTes of Society, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Corporation of the Amicable Society for a perpetual Assurance Office, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

directed

Westminster Cour. House Bill, patted *

Buckland Rrrd Bill, passed.

Glo^e Tn-f'.unce Office Bill, reported.

Sir Henry Every's Estate Bill, reported, and paised.

The Lords have agreed to

Axbridge Iu-cloiure Bill.

688

25° Junii. A. 1799.

dirccfled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to compel the Company to purchase Land Tax.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to oblige the Company to lay their Accounts Annually before Parliament.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon ThursdayMorning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrafted.

Mr. Annejleyreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of Sir Henry Every, Baronet, in Trustees, in Trust to make Sale thereof, and to apply the Money produced by such Sale, or a competent Part thereof, in Payment and Discharge of divers Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to invest the Surplus of such Money (if any such Hi all be) in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish' of Axbridge, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also.

t M

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Skipton, 0L-to continue the Term, for Twenty-one Years, and from ' thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- with Amendment, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the ments-Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Roads leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Hilton with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Ktiarejborough to Wether by, in the West Riding of the County of 7'ork; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and otnerwile improving all the Allotment Common Fields, Commons, WasteS, and other Com- B'11-monable Lands and Grounds,' within the Manor and Amendmtm'-Parish of Tedding ton, otherwise Todington, otherwise Tettington, otherwise Tuddington, in the County of dlesex; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords veiling a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments, in the h:ive parted Pari ill of Saint Mary Woolnoth, in the City of London, EftauBU^ belonging to the Parish of Saint in

Abraham Robarts, William Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles Hornyo/d, of the said City of London, Bankers and Copartners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the Sum of One Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds, upon Trust, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of a Lecturer, and for better regulating the Appointment of the said Lecturer; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Steele, reported from the Committee, to whom Poyntz's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling William Stephen Poyntz, Esquire, and the Amendment!. Honourable Elizabeth Mary his Wife, to charge the Estates late of the Right honourable George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague, deceased, in the County of Sussex, with a competent Sum of Money for improving the lame, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 16. Leave out "Parish" and insert " Parities, " and after " Tilling ton " insert " and Lurgarshall. "

1. 17. After "afore laid" insert "some or one of them."

Pr. 17. 1. 42. At the End of the Bill insert as follows, " The Schedule A above referred to: Short Statement " of Improvements intended to be made on the Sussex Estates with the computed Expence " thereof;

' ' " Drainage of sundry Parts of the Estate situate in the Parishes of £.

" Lurgarshall and Til/ington ----- - 1,600

" Drainage of sundry Parts of the Estate situate in the Parishes of

" Farnhurst, Line Inn ere, and Linch - - - -1,350

" Drainage of sundry Parts of the Estate situate in the Parishes of Bepton,

" Cocking, Eafebourne, Midhurst, Lodfworth, Wool,

" Leominster, Warning Camp, Poynings, Clayton, and Edbur- 1,417

' " Drains in the Coppices, and planting in void and uncultivated

" Spots of Ground, and Plashing down ----- 1,000 " Planting on different Parts of the Estate ----- 1,620

' " Roads on different Parts of the Farms ----- 1,000

" Buildings and Repairs on different Parts of the Estate - - 5,155

The

Sir David LLndliiy's Elfcate Bill, committed.

Report respecting Notices for Dram Road Bills, further confi-ileied.

Resolution made a Standing Order.

Bill to amend

Scotch Distil-lery Act, reported

RobartOs See. Estate Bill, read *

39 Geo. III.

a5° Junii.

.689

The said Amendments being severally. read a Second Time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to convey, pursuant to a Contraft of Sale already entered into, an Estate at,

in the Parish of Rickmcrsworth, in the County 01 late belonging to Sir David Baronet, deceased,

devised, in strict Settlement, by a Codicil to his Will, and for lading out the Money arising therefrom in the Piirchafe of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, with Power of leafing the Estates to be settled, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, What the Bill be committed to Mr. Steele, Mr. Wallace, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Expediency of requiring Notices to be given of any intended Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for the making of Ways or Roads, usually called Railways or Dram Roads, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act passed for that Purpose, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Hotife, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to- take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be made a Standing Order of this House.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill 'to continue and amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the last Sessioft of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland-, and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Saint Mary W in the City of London, belonging to the Parish of Mary-lc-Bozv, in Abraham Robarts, William Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles

Hornyold, of the said City of London, Bankers and Copartners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the Sum of OneThoul'and Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds, upon Trull, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of a Lecturer, and for better regulating the Appointment of the said Lecturer, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

V© L. 54.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^all upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Doty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ' (

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re- _ port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrovy Morning.

O.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Paper present-Paper, which was Yesterday presented to the House, by Mr Owen Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Com- to be primed.' pany, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

' *

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, porfrifurwfor upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in High Treason. the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

- The Noes went forth.

Mr. Abbot, -I

Mr. Hawkins Browne: j

Tellers for the Yeas, Telkrs fonhc Noes,

8.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burdon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amend- , ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Militia Refurther Consideration, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Reduction of committed!^ the Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein to be limited, and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are neceflaty to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toponfider further of the said Bill.

8 N The

CouiiderecU

London Port Bill, a^ain recommitted *

Considered.

Order for Second Reading of Bill to amend London Militia Act, discharged.

Bill to explain !> Act, ordered.

Edinburgh Corn Di drift Bill, ordered.

690 25 ' Junii 1799.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had made some further Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, was re-committed.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; _

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed, as amended.

Resolved, That the said Bill, as amended, be again recommitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John William Anderson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, That they had made some further Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for altering and amending an Act', passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, " and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirtyfifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for " the better ordering the Militia of the- City of London; and for the further regulating of the Trained " Bands or Militia of the said City," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into " One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign " of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the " Militia of the City of London, and for the further " regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the " laid City," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Alderman Combe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation and " Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty " on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on " British Corn exported," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made. " in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and " of the Bounty on British Com exported," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting the County of Edinburgh into £ separate District, for the Purpose of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Hujhijfon, and tMr. William Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to j^efolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an A<5^ made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " amend, and render more effectual, Two Acts, passed " in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, and the present Session of Parliament, for the " Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein fluted, the several Suma " of Money now charged in Great Britain as a. Land Tax, " for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the " Land Tax; and to explain and amend an Act, made " in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums " of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, " for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March " One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-eight," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending the said Acts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received!Tommorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to contract with the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be confirmed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the fame, by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,

Commktfcoa Bill to amend Land Tax Redemption Act.

Instru&an.

Duke of Rich mond's Corn-pen fat ion Bill, presented.

Jfccport Supply.

Loan to Ireland.

Extnordina-ries of the Army.

Transport

Service *

39 Geo. III.

o cv

25 Junn.

691

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of the -Forces, out of the Sum granted by Parliament for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army for the Year 1798, be applied towards making good the Supply Braggc, according to Order, reported from the granted to His Majesty, to detray the Extraordinary

Expences of the Army for the Year 1799.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confideofurther of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three Millions, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Remittances from Time to Time, to be applied to His Service in Ireland, in such Manner as shall be approved by the Parliament of that Kingdom, on Provision being made by the said Parliament for defraying the Interest and Charges of ?. Loan to that Amount.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a, Sum, not exceeding Two Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year 1799.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the ^0frtr°pr0

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred tertian of " to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia- Trade, ment, intituled, "An Act for the better Protection of " the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new " and additional Duties of Customs on Goods imported " and exported, and on the Tonnage of certain Ships " entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign " Parts, until the signing the Preliminary Articles of " Peace," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

8nm to be paid under American T reaty.

Indemnification to Earl St. Vincent, &c.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that Goods, Wares, and Merchan-That a Sum, not exceeding One Million Three Hundred dize, the Produce of any Foreign Colony or Plantation and Eleven Thousand Tw'o Hundred Pounds, be granted in America, imported into this Kingdom directly from to His Majesty, for the Expence of the Transport Scr- such Colony or Plantation, in Ships belonging to the vice, and for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War in Subjects of the United States of America, or of any Health, for the Year 1799. - other Country or Place in Amity with His Majesty *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, under the Authority of any Order in Council, should That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty Thousand Pounds, be be permitted to be landed and warehoused without

granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make good the Sums which may be awarded, under the Seventh Article of the Treaty with America, to be paid by the British Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five Thousand Pounds,

Payment of the Duty of Customs imposed by the said Act.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Re-

Sums to be paid to Mr. Athfortli, Sec.

be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to solution: And that Mr. Bragge, Mr. and Mr. Long, make Indemnification to the Earl Saint Vincent and Sir do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Charles Grey, late Commanders in Chief in the West Indies, on Account of Decrees against them in the High Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Court of Admiralty, for the Detention of American Ships Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for at the Capture of Martinique and other Places in the defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the West Indies. Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One That a Sum, not exceeding Four Thousand Two Hun- thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was commit-dred and Seventy-five Pounds and Sixteen Shillings, be ted, the Amendments which the Committee had made

Militia Pay Bill, reported.

to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Bill be read the Third Time the said Bill shall be then

Report Way and Mean.

Sum in the Hands of the Paymaster General.

granted to His Majesty, to be paid to William Ashforth,

Thomas Parry, Thomas Hodgson as Executor of James Richdale, and Richard Dickinson, being the Amount of the First Payments on the Sum subscribed to the Loan of Seven Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Service of the Year 1796, by Robert Reeves, Stockbroker, which became forfeited to the Public by his omitting to make the future Payments, and which First

Payments were made out of the Money of the said Wil-ingrafted.

Ham Ashforth, Thomas Parry, James Richdale, and Richard Ordered, That the said Dickinson. Tomorrow Morning, if

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second ingrafted.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House. Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Land Reve-

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill.Teported. Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Pub-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred lie Accounts, the Duties now performed in the Offices of to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and for directing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Paymaster Ge-the Committee had directed him to report to the neral of His Majesty's Forces, was committed, the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at >

thoiClerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once

One by One i

House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Thirty-four Thousand One Hundred and Forty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence, read throughout; and then a Second Time, VOL. 54.

Greenland, &c. Fisheries Bill, reported (Expiring Laws.)

Bill for exempting certain Legacies from Duty, reported.

Silver Coin Bill, reported.

69a

O <V *

25 Junti.

A. 1799.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that if, during the Continuance of the present Patent, a Vacancy shall happen by Death, in the Offices of Auditor for Chester, -Derby, Lincoln, and or the

Principality of Wales, the Duties shall be performed by the acting Deputies in the respective Departments, with suchan Allotment of Fees as the Lords of the Treasury shall direct.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted. '

- Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and to the difeon-tinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greale, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One - by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for exempting certain specific Legacies which shall be given to Bodies Corporate, or other Public Bodies, from the Payment of Duty, and also the Legacy of Books, and other Articles, given by the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Mor daunt Cracker ode to the Trustees of the British Museum, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be v ingrafted. - ,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

) Mr. Bragge, according, to Order, reported from the Newfound-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to 3"^ revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, (Expiring made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Law.) present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent from Great Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and their a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- v

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bril be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon OrderofLwve Friday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bitl

" allow the Importation of Wool, in any Ships belonging dischargtl, to Countries in Amity with His Majesty," might

in Amity with His Majesty,'

be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow the Importation of SpaniJJt Wool, in Ships belonging to Countries in Amity'with His Majesty: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to scotch Salt Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties on Salt made Duty Bill, in Scotland, and on Salt imported from Scotland into Pre(?nted< England and Wales, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Tim< . 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

- *

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Spanish Wool Order, a Bill to allow the Importation of Wool, present *

in Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with His Majesty: And the same was received; and read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light " Silver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, " into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Ten-. " der thereof beyond a certain Sum," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at . the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to bp the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of the House relative so Bills of Inclosure, and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning rfext.

A Bill to enable Matthew Boulton, Engineer, to export the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the Dominions of his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias, was, according to Order, read a Second 3fime.

Resolved,

Further Consideration of Report of Standing Order relative to Inclosure Bills, deferred.

Ruflan Mint Bill, commit-, ted.

r

39. Geo. III.

0 & . *

25 Junu.

693

Rifolved, That the Bill be committed.

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill resptcting the Forth and Clyde and Crinan Canals, passed.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Confoiidattd Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the mnu e Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and The Bill (now ingrossed) for empowering the Com- Ninety-nine, was, according to Order, read a Second pany of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

RefoThat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole

to repay, into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the

Sum advanced to them for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act of , the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty as relates to the said Company; and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum, House, upon the said Bill.

so to be received, to the Company of the Crinan Canal, *

on certain Conditions, was, according to Order, read the The Bill (now ingrossed) to revive, further continue, British Fishe-Third Time. and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the ries Bill,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to be, An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors " continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to repay into the " sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to " tuled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement them for the Purpose of completing the said Naviga- " of the British Fisheries," was, according to Order, tion; for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-- read the Third Time.

fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the said Ref That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Company; and for enabling the Barons of the said Court be. An Act to revive and continue, until the End of the of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum, so to be re- next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-ccived, to the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to con-Canal, on certain Conditions. tinue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth

Ordered, That Mr. Braggedo carry the Bill to the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

Committee oil Bill to amend Income Duty

a a.

Billrespecting M aid it one Geneva, committed. (Expiring I-aw.)

Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an " Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of " the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the " like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income " in lieu of the said Duties," so far as relates to the Assessments made upon Trustees, Agents, Receivers, and Guardians.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Bill to continue and amend so much of an Act,

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the " British Fisheries;" and to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Eill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for making Allowances, in Militia Subai-certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace, was, according to Older, read the Third pa Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to ascertain the Salary of the Mailer and Worker of His Ma- Bill, jesty's Mint.

Mr. Shaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the BUI, and made several Amend-

made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His pre- ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, sent Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, when the House will please to receive the same.

and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maid-Jtone Geneva, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing £

.1 . C___r <TM__________L..T ‘____C-..-L______u:il?

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow' Morning, the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, Bills Bill.

Stamp Duties Account Bill, jpalled.

refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

1

The Bill (now ingrossed) for altering the Period of making up the Annual Account of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for altering the Period of making up the Annual Account of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

Vol. 54.

for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Mr.. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-jnorrow Morning.

8 O The

Committee on

£-1,5 co, coo Exchequer Bills Bill.

Committee on Ship Letters Bill.

Bill to prevent Combinations of Workmen, deferred.

Judges Salaries Bill, deferred.

Spirit Licences Bill, deferred.

Singlcbo-rough Inclosure Bill, reported.

5° — 26° Junii.

A, 1799 *

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety -nine *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more secure Conveyance of Ship Letters, and for granting to His Majesty certain Rates of Portage thereon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen,

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Augmenta-. tion of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in minster Hall, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts, on their Resignation of their respective Offices, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House'will, To-morrpw Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for al'certaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2 6° Junii;

Anno 39° Georgii III1" Regis, 1799 *

Prayers.

MR. Bernard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Within the Manor and Hamlet of Singleborough, in the Parish of Great Norwood, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and also to the adding a Commissioner to the Two named in the Bill (except the Owners of Estates rated to the Land Tax, at £.2. 1 or. 8d. per Annum, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons in-tcrested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax,

at £.50. 2s.id. per Annum-, that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to- report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Co/nmittee, to whom the" Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadle, through Alveton, to the Uttoxeter and Turnpike

Road, at or near Quickshill Bank; and also, the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Bears Brook, through Hollhigton, to the said Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near the Churnet Bridge at Rocester, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That' the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Orce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rrodrick reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ACT for vesting the Fee Simple of several Estates, in the County of Chester (deviled by the Will of Philip Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to a Trustee, for a Term of Years, for the Purpose of discharging his Debts, with Remainder to the Uses therein mentioned) in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the said Debts, and to lay out the Surplus (if any) of the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the Amendments Were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 23. Leave out " Equities " and insert " Equity."

Pr. 31. 1. 7.7Leavet»ut " the estimated Expences & 8.J " of obtaining this Act."

At the End of the Schedule, add " the Colls of applying for and obtaining this Act, to be ascertained " according to the Directions in the Act contained."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Alderman Combe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, " and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, paflsd in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-

" fifth

Chridle, &c, Roads Uill, reported.

Egerton's Estate Bill, reported, with Amendments.

Bill to explain and amend London Militia Act, presented.

Ix>rds Amend-mentsto Skip-ton, Okhcck, &c. Roads Bill, put otf for Two Months *

39 Geo. III.

2(5° yu

69 5

" fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for " the better ordering the Militia of the City of " and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands " or Militia of the said City And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term for Twenty-ont Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from

Leeds to Ripon, near Olibcck, in the Township of Bi/ton

with Harrorate, and from thence to communicate with

0 .

the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wet her by, in the West Riding of the County of 7'ork.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. I.34. After " Wormald" insert "Thomas.

" Heclis of Appleby, Edward Hee/is " of Appleby, Thomas Heclis of London, John Heclis Junior, Andrew " Findlay, David Finns, Jonathan " Finns, Richard Atkinson, William " Atkinson of Skipton, William Atkinson of London, John Atkinson of " London, William Atkinson of Kirkby, John Atkinson of Malham, John " Bailey, 'Thomas Spencer, Edward " Chippindale, William Tin da I, Jacob . " Walsh, William Bradshaw, Thomas

" Chippindale late of Eafby, Richard " Greenwood, John Standing, Thomas " Atkinson of Ejhton, Thomas Johnson, " Stephen Johnson, Thomas Par kinson, " Anthony Taylor, JoJ'eph Taylor, Anthony Taylor Junior, Jofias Rimmington, Walter Rimmington, Thomas " Prest on, William P rest on, Henry " Lund, Gamaliel Lloyd, William " FenJ'on, John Fenfon, Henry Vipont,

" Thomas Foffer, Fenjamin Shires,

" Anthony Hitching, Anthony Wrathail, R ichard Holmes, William Wrath-", all, Thomas Carter Rudfton, Clerk,

" William Netherwood, John Oates,

" William Greenwood, R owland Wat-' Joti, Samuel Flakey, William Clay-, 4 " ton, Charles Knowlton, Clerk, Wil-

u liam Clapham, William Carr, John " Hartley, John Peart, Richard Heber " of Oxford, Richard Heber of Otterburn, William Heber of Otter burn,

" William Atkinson Wafney, Clerk,

" Anthony Coates, Clerk, William " Fenton Scott."

Pr. 8. 1. 6. After " stand " insert " nor nearer " Skipton than the East Side of " Halton Lane End. "

Pr. 10. 1. 15. Leave out " and Places.99

I.21. Leave out from "Act0 to the End of the Clause.

1. 33. After u shall " insert without the " Consent of Two-Thirds in Value " of the Creditors on the said " Road. 0

1. 34.7 Leave out <c of the fai^l Road " and &35.J insert " thereof. 0 Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

Vo I. 54.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Poyntr'; for enabling William Stephen Poyntz Esquire, and the El|J'h

Honourable Elizabeth Mary his Wife, to charge the Amei'dments. Estate late of the Right honourable George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague, deceased, in the County of Sussex, with a competent Sum of Money for improving the same, and for other Purposes,' was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pase.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, JJIhgto^DivU' An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving fion and Al-all the Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Teddington, otherwise Todington, otherwise

Tettington, otherwise Tuddington, in the County of Mid-

dle jex.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol- , loweth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 16. Leave out "extending" and insert " Parcel of the Honour of Hampton " Court, which Manor extends."

Pr. 12. 1. 27. Leavfe out " and allot. "

1. 28. After " for " insert " His Majesty,

" His Heirs and Successors, Lords " of the Honour of Hampton Court " aforesaid, and " »

1. ult. After " inclosed " insert " and that " the Allotment herein after directed to be made for enlarging " the Freeboard of His Majesty's " Park, called Bushy Park, shall be " deducted from the said Eighteenth Part, and shall be accepted and taken as and for a " full Compensation to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

" for all Rights of the Crown in respect of the said Honour of Hampton Court upon Teddington Commons aforesaid; and that the Residue of the said Eighteenth Part " shall be allotted unto and for the " laid Henry Peters, His Heirs or , " Aligns."

Pr. 20. 1. 31. Leave out from "appoint" to "what" in Line 33.

I.33. After "Proportions" insert "of."

1. 34. After " belong " insert " to."

1. 35. After " Repair" insert " by the said " Henry Peters, his Heirs and Assigns, and the other Proprietors."

Pr. 26. 1. 3. Leave out from "Manor" to "and" in Line 33 of the same Press.

Pr. 49. J. 3. After "Successors" insert "as Lord " or Lords of the Honour of Hampton Court, ot otherwise."

And it appearing, by the said Amendments, that His Majesty's Interest is concerned therein;

Mr. Ryder (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted King's Con-the House, That His Majesty, having been informed sent thereof, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest: is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Amendments v Time; a reed °‘

696

26° Junli. A. 1799.

Time-; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Jo Campbell do carTy the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.,

The Lords A Meffaee from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

have agreed to p , .

Mr. Speaker,

Pilchard The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Bounty, &c. for allowing, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Five, a further Bounty upon Pilchards exported, and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise; without any Amendment: And also.

National Debt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill. for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred

Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of ,the Bank of to be by them

placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; without any Amendment: And also,

Sugar and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

ti'onaf Duties ^or £ran,: n£ ° His Majesty certain additional Quties on Bill. Sugar imported and exported, and on Coffee exported,

and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar; without any Amendment: And also,

Scotch Sheriffs The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Salaries Bill. for p]ac|ng the Salaries of the Sheriff Deputes and Substitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots Civil List Establish-men; without any Amendment: And also,

Trowbridge The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hoads Bill. for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Green Man in the Chapelry of Seend, in the County of IVUts, through to

in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with or lying near to the said Road, and for making and maintaining certain Pieces of new Road in Trowbridge aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

Brayton in- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act cloture Bill. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Brayton, Thorp Willowby, Burton, and Gateforthwith Lund, in the Parish of Brayton,

in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

London Port Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Combe do make the rmttedBn°,m" Report from the Committee of the whole House, to reported. whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of , was again re-committed.

Mr. Alderman Combe accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time, upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Committee on The House w'as moved, That an -Act, made in the vesting P C Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Frauds in the Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing

C.iiltoms. 2

" Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in His Majesty's Customs," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Petition for several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ^to^ok' being Part of the Creditors, and also Part of the Truf- Koid. bill, tees, of the High Road thereinafter mentioned (which readapuvnd was prefen ted to the House upon the 12th Day of Fe- orde ed-binary last) and also the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the 'Fown of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Town of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to the Road leading from Knarejlorougk to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York:And that Mr. Pier re-

pout and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Judges Sala-Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the Augmentation of n" ®lll> the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster p‘ e ' Hall, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities tp Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts, on their Resignation of their respective Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for ascertaining the Proportion of the Salary to be paid, in case of a Judge dying or resigning his Office.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to ' the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for empowering the Successor, from the Time of the Death or Resignation of his Predeceftor, to receive the Salary and Profits.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 5. After " Money " to insert " to be " issued in pursuance of this Act."

1. 7. To leave out "Quarterly" and insert " Half Yearly" instead thereof.

1. 9. To leave out from " whatever" to the second "the" in 1. n. and insert " on " instead thereof. "

1. 12. To leave out from " " to "and"

- in 1. 13.

1. 1-6. To leave out " Fifth " and insert " Tenth " instead thereof; and to leave out " July " and insert " October "instead thereof.

1. 25. To leavfe out " Quarter" and insert " Half Year" instead thereof.

Pr. 3.

Geo. III.

Pr. 3. 1. 2 6.To leave out " Fifth " and insert " Twenty-ninth" instead thereof and to leave out " " and insert

September" instead thereof.

1. ult. After " of" to insert " the Execution of "

Pr. 4. 1. 2. After " Hall " to insert " or at the " Rolls and after " their " to insert " respectively " and to leave out from " Chambers" to "any" in 1. 3. and insert " in respect of" instead thereof.

1. 6. After "the" to insert "Twenty and to leave out from " of" to the End of Line 7, and insert " March " instead thereof.

1. 8. To leave out " Sixth" and insert " Twenty-ninth " instead thereof; and to leave out " July " and insert " September " instead thereof. I.12. After " succeeding" to insert " Half," and after " Year" to insert "ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of " March and the Twenty-ninth Day " of September. "

1. 16. After " preceding " to insert "Half." 1. 23. After the first " the " to insert Half."

1. 26. To leave out " Four ' and insert " Two " instead thereof.

1. 28. To leave out from "of" to " Pounds' in i. 29. and insert "One Thousand " Five Hundred " instead thereof.

1.31.7T0 leave out " Annuity or Yearly &32.J " Sum" and insert "Sums" in-

stead thereof.

1. 33. After " the ' to insert " Half."

1. 37. After " Salaries ' to insert " and, " and to leave out from " Profits " to " to" in 1. 38.

1. 38. To leave out " Annually " and insert " Half Yearly " instead thereof.

r. 6. 1. 10. To leave out " before-mentioned" and insert " that is to say, the Fifth " Day of , the Fifth Day of

" April, the Fifth Day of July, and " the Tenth Day of October" instead thereof.

1. 33. To leave out " Value" and insert " Profit " instead thereof.

Pr 7 ! 6- After "who" to insert "mayor."

1. 12. After " who " to insert " may or."

1. 20. After " who " to insert " may or."

Pr. 8. 1. 38, To leave out from " respectively" to " shall " in 1. 40.

Pr. 9. 1. 23. To leave out " Yearly."

Pr. 10. 1. 5. To leave out " Yearly."

1. 6. To leave out " Quarterly." *

Pr. 11. 1. 9. To leave out from " said" to " Master ' in 1. 10.

1. 11. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " the " in 1. 12.

1. 12. To leave out "Lord."

1. 18. To leave out " above," and after " Offices " to insert " before-mention -"ed."

1. 21. To leave out " Yearly."

1. 30. To leave out " Yearly."

1. 38. To leave out " Yearly." ' fr.‘i2. 1. 2. To leave out " Chief Justice Lord"

and insert " Matter of the Rolls "

instead thereof.

1. 6. To leave out " such " and insert " the" instead thereof} and after " Offices " to insert " before-mentioned."

L 7. To leave put " Yearly."

Vol. £4

97.

Pr. 12 1. 11. To leave out " Chief Justice " and insert " Master of the Rolls instead thereof.

1. 25. To leave out " Yearly."

1. 34. To leave out " Yearly."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House} and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in tVeflmivJier Hall, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in cef-tain Offices in the said Courts, on their Resignation of their respective Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Corporation of The - Petition oFthe

ance of Houses and Goods from Fire, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for in- pinion corporating, by Charter, a Company, to be called The Globe Insurance Office, for Insurances on Lives, and against ance office Loss or Damage by Fire, and for granting, purchasing, Bin and settling Annuities upon or for Lives, or on Survi-vorship, and for granting Sums payable at future Periods, and for assisting Benefit or Friendly Societies and other charitable Institutions, and providing for the inferior and indigent Clergy, and the Widows and Children of the inferior and indigent Clergy, and for the lower and labouring Clafies of Society; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners tvere incorporated, by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the 29th Day of April, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Insurance of any Life or Lives, and against Casualties and Accidents by Fire, by the Name of The London Affiur-ance of Houses and Goods from Fire; and that the said Charter of Incorporation was granted to the Members of the Corporation, called The London established

by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain,. bearing Date the 26th Day of June, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or going to Sea, and lending Money upon Bottomry; which laid last mentioned Charter of Incorporation was granted in pursuance of an Act of the Sixth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, in Consideration of the Sum of £.300,000, covenanted to be paid by Instalments into his Majesty's Exchequer, in Manner therein mentioned, and by which said Act all other Corporations and Bodies Politic and Partnerships are restrained from making Insurances during the Existence of the said last mentioned Corporation, and of another similar Corporation, called The Royal Exchange AJJ'urance Company and that the Consideration for the said Charter to the Petitioners, was a Covenant thereby entered into by them for the Payment of the Sum of £. 188,750, remaining due to his Majesty on the said Sum of £.300,000, covenanted to be paid by the said Shipping Corporation, who had been prevented from paying the same by reason of the very great Pressure on Public Credit on Account of the Failure of the South Sea Scheme} and that, in pursuance of the said Covenant so entered into by the Petitioners as aforesaid, they, in Conjunction with the said Shipping Corporation, afterwards actually paid the Sum of £-38,750 into his Majesty's Exchequer, but were afterwards discharged from the Payment of the Remainder thereof, by an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First; and that the Petitioners, being such Purchasers of their said Charter as aforesaid, have, from the Time of granting thereof, hitherto held and enjoyed the fame, without the Establishme^it by his Majesty of any other Corporation for the Assurance of Houses and Goods from Lois or Damage by Fire j and the Petitioners apprehend that the said Clause, whereby all other Corporations and Bodies Politic, and Partner-

8 P ships.

Debate on Motion respecting the Public Debt, &c adjourned.

Committee on Bill to prevent Combinations of Workmen.

Bill to amend Income Duty Act, passed.

698 $6° Junii. 1799.

ships, are rcflrained from making Insurances during the Lx i (hence of the said Shipping Corporation, virtually extends to the Petitioners, they having become Sureties with the said Shipping Corporation to Government for the Payment of a great Part of the said £.300,000, so engaged to be paid as the Consideration for the said Shipping Charter as aforesaid, and having actually paid, in Conjunction with the said Shipping Corporation, the Sum of £.38,750 on Account thereof as aforesaid; and that, -should the said Bill be passed into a Law, the Petitioners conceive it would be a direct Infringement of their chartered Rights and Privileges above Hated, and tend greatly to the Injury of the said Company, which has subsisted for a long Course of Years, and from which the Public at large have derived very considerable Advantage: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses, against: the livid Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Pre-miles as to the House may leern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against: the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think (it.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against: the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Thursduylaft, for adjourning, till Friday next, the Debate upon the Motion, That it appears to this House, that the Amount of the Public Funded Debt existing on the 5th of January 1793, was £.238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities to the Amount of £. 1,37 3,550;of which Sums, on the ift Februory 1799, Stock to the Amount of £.28,677,680 had been purchased by, and Annuities to the Amount of£.i 19,880 had fallen in, to the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt; reducing the actual Amount of the Debt existing on 5th January 1793, to £.209,553,559, and the Annuities to £. 1,253,670, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, made in this present Sdlion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made " in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid " and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and " to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, " by granting certain Duties upon Income in lieu of " the said Duties," so far as relates to the Assessments made upon Trustees, Agents, Receivers, and Guardians, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties "'imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the " Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual " Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain " Duties upon Income in lieu of the said Duties," so far as relates to the Assessments made upon Trustees, Agents, Receivers, and Guardians.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lnflruHion to the said Committee. That they do consider of so much of the Twenty-eighth Report, which, upon the 26th Day of in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to examine and state the Total-Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure, as relates to Penitentiary Houses.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed hint to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend Two AHs, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other Persons, towards the completing of the said Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaringtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Maimvaringreported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

by

Small Notes Duty Bill, reported.

Committee of Supply,

Instruction,

Committee on Bill reflecting the Militia ok Mitldkiex,

&c.

39 Geo. III. 2 6° 1699

Bill respefU, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ture^forHi^h ^eac^ng °£ the Bill (now ingross'ed) to repeal so much 'l'reason, 0 of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of pjictt. Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act, passed in the

Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen and also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons.

Ordered, That Mr. Abbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotch DiiUld Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third lery Act, pair- Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue and ®d- amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to F^is Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of land, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 35. To leave out " each " and to leave out. " Mash " and inlert " Malt or " Grain " instead thereof.

1. 39. After " Month " to insert " with the

" Dates of the respective Brewings " thereof. "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of November One thous.tnd Eight hundred, and amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

f. 3,000,000 Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported.' railing the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-nine, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in fct the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.'

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time V o 1.54.

Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Bill to amend

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ^ot^nAetj explain and amend an Act, made in this present Session reported, of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend, and render more effectual, Two Aftcs, passed in the Thirtyeighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the " present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption and " Purchase of the Land Tax," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable the Cashiers of the Bank to give Receipts for Sums advanced, in Addition to the Price of Land fold, to make up the Sum necessary to purchase Land Tax.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling the Courts of Chancery and Session to direct the sale of Estates discharged from Incumbrances.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for empowering Persons to fell Heriots and other Services, for purchasing the Land Tax.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the £.3,500,000 Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill railing the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thou- Bill, reported; sand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: /

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Mailer of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to hint's Sa,ary ascertain the Salary of the Mailer and Worker of His 1 'repo Majesty's Mint, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; anti he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

1

yoo

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

1799 *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

26° Ju

si'ip Lettrrs Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Bill, reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more secure Conveyance of Ship Letters, and for granting to His Majesty certain Rates of Foliage thereon, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him , to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

EJ'nburfh. Mr. Douglas presented to the House, according to

Bin.pidWited. Order, a Bill for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a separate District, for the Purpose of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit Goods, the Produce of any Foreign Colony in America, imported directly from thence in any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of any Country or Place in Amity with His Majesty, to be entered and landed without Payment of the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom: And the same was re-' ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Douglas, according to Order, reported from the n re.coin_ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for mitted Bill, the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in reported. the Manner therein to be limited, and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, was again recommitted, the Amendments which the Committee had /made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Duke of Rich- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

peniHtion"sill , Reading of the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners committed. of the Treasury, to contract with the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute Purchas'e of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the fame, by Way of Acuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund, be now read. a And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

9

American Goods Bill, presented.

Militia Reduction, &c.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for defraying^ the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and CJoathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, the Duties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, the Duties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Greenland, Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to continue several Laws relating to the further Support and Encourage- (Expiring ment of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and s Streights, until

the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred, and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Dogs Lard, and Greale, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Six.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for ex-Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for exempting certain specific Legacies which shall be given to Bodies from Duty, Corporate, or other Public Bodies, from the Payment P1^-of Duty; and also the Legacy of Books, and other Articles, given by the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracker ode to the Trustees of the British Mu-feum, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for exempting certain (pecific Legacies which shall be given to Bodies Corporate, or other Pub?

.lie

Militia Pay Bill, p^lTcdl

Land Revenue Transfer Bill, pa li ed.

Silver Coin Bill, passed.

Newfoundland Fittieries Bill, passed. (Expiring Law.)

Scotch Salt Duty Bill, committed.

Spanish Wool Bill, committed *

Committee on R uflian Mint Jlill.

39 Geo. lit.

6a — 27°

lie Bodies, from the Payment of Duty; and also the Legacy of Books, and other Articles, given by the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the Trustees of the British Museum.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, tf An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly i

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do' pass: And that; the Title be. An Act for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majestyj intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin, of this Realm, from ' Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, and " to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum.' *

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to revive and continue the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at land, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Bri-iifh Dominions in Europe.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing the Duties on Salt made in Scotland, and on Salt imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee oif the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

upon the Bill to enable Matthew Boulton, Engineer, to export the Machinery necessary for cresting a Mint in the Dominions of his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any. Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-grofied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend so much of an Act; made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; as permits Sir William Bishop, George and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maid-stone Geneva, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Townorrow Morning,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oa to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, B^i"tLlc ,se upon the Bill for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment > thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committer on Bill respecting MaldltoneGc-neva. ^Expiring

jfovisy 27° die Junii;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to allow the Importation of Spanish Wool, in Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. ' .

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

V o l. 54.

Anno 39 Georgii III. U Regis, 1799.' Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of several Estates in the County of Chester (devised by the Will of Philip Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to a Trustee, for a Term of Years, for the Purpose ofdilcharginghis Debts, with Remainder to the Uses therein mentioned) in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the said Debts, and to lay out the Surplus, if any, of the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

8 Q Ordered,

Egerton's Estate Bill, patted, with Amendments.

Skipton, Ok-beck, &c. Roads Bill, presented *

Cheadie, &c. Roads Bill, parted.

North Crofsland Inclosure Bill, passed.

Dalton Inclosure Bill, patted.

70 a $7 yum.i 799.

Ordered, That Mr. Brodrick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Pienepoiii presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to pon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with rogate, and from thence to the Road leading from Knarffbrough to Wetherhy, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time *

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadie, through Alveton, to the Uttoxeter and Turnpike

Road, at or near Quicks hill Bank-, and also, the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Bears Brook, through Holiington, to the said Uttoxeter and Ajliborne Turnpike Road, at or near' the Churnet Bridge at Rocejier, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time. ‘ ,

Resolved,'That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadie, through Alveton, to the Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near Quickskill Bank-, and also, the Road leading from the Slone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Bears Brook, through Holiington, to the said Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near the Churnet Bridge at Rocejier, in the County of Stafford-, to continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of North Crofsland, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following, were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 9. After " aforesaid " toinfert " according to the original Value in the " open State."

Pr. 22. 1. 18. After " the" to insert " Stone."

Pr. 38. 1. 33. To leave out ‘‘Ninety" and insert " Eighty," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the 1 several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of North Crofsland, in the Parish of in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirk-heaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following, were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.-

Pr. 13. 1. 24. After " thereof" to inlert " according to the original Value in the open State."

Pr. 23. 1. 5. After " Landsto insert and for the " Stone in and under the fame."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor anjj Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr Wilberforce do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ih a Bill to protest Mailers against Embezzlements by their Clerks or Servants: And that Mr. Attorney General, Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Abbot-, and Mr; Alderman , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the Second Reading of the Bill for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a separate District, for the Purpose Of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn; bC now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly J

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein to be limited; and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, was again re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation and " Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty " on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on " British Corn exported," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Hotife will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to protest Mailers against Embezzlements by their Clerks or Servants: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Marquis of 'Litchfield do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of and other Persons, towards the completing of the said Militia, was committed.

The Marquis of Litchfield accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee

D ized by

Bill to proteA Matters from Embezzlements, ordered.

Edinburgh Com District Bill, committed *

Militia Re duftion, kc. Bill, deferred.

Corn Regulation Act, to be considered.

Bill to protest Matters from Embezzlements, presented.

Bill respectine the Militia or Middlesex, ' &c. reported-

39 Geo. ill

47 Junii.

703

mittee had made to the Bill and which they had difefted to be reported to the House; and he read thii Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Oner; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mceofficlr The Order of the Day being read, for the Third BUI, deferred. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for incorporating, by Charter, a Company, to be called The Globe Jurance' Office, for Insurances oh Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for granting, purchasing, and settling Annuities upon or for Lives, or on Survi-vorflup, and for granting Sums payable at future Periods, and for addling Benefit or Friendly Societies, and other charitable Iristitutions, and providing for the inferior and indigent Clergy, and the Widows and Children of the inferior and indigent Clergy, and for the lower and labouring Clafies of Society;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

fell toexplain Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second London Mili- Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed tia Act, com- in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present inmed. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and reducing " into One Act of Parliament Two several Acts, passed " in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering " the Militia of the City of London, and for the further " regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the said City," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.'

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Report sap- Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Ply- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Penitentiary Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Jeremy Bent ham, Esquire, for the Purchase of Ground for erecting a Penitentiary House for the Custody and Employment of Cortvifts, and towards the Expence of erecting such Penitentiary House.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Report on Act Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the for preventing Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Customs! to consider of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds, and " regulating Abuses, in His Majesty's Customs," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit Pitch, Tar, Deal Boards, Fir, and Timber, to be imported into this Kingdom

Vox,. 54.

from the Ports of Hamburgh, Altona, or Gluckjladt, in British-buWt Ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: Arid that Mr. Bragge and the Lord Hawkesbury do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the ' Committee, of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Geneva, re-continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the ported. Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles w‘

Bishop, to Carry On the Manufacture of Geneva,

was corainitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; arid, upon the Question severally, put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Spirit Lic«n-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re~

ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail v Spirit Licences, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Bill to prevent Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to of°WorkmenJ prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Was com- reported, mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House;. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. 1

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Report of into further Consideration the Report which was made orders nh-from the Committee, Who were appointed to take into tivfe to incio-Consideration the Standing Orders of the House relative ^er colider-to Bills of Inclosure; and to report the fame, with their ed. Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And the Two first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Resolutions be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the last of the said Resolutions be R<^olu-made a Standing Order of this House. strain/ *

Ordered, Order.

v

t

IC- j,000,000 Exchequer Bills Bill, passed, s

£.3,500,000 Exchequer Bills Bill, passed.

Russian Mint Bill, passed.

Ship Lettert Bill, passed.

Mailer of the Mint's Salary Bill, paised.

Americuv Gtjrxis Bill, committed.

704 2 70 Junii. A. 1799.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third to be entered and landed without Payment of the Duty,

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Sum granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the the better Protection of tha Trade of this Kingdom be Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and now read.

Ninety-nine, be now read. - And the said Order being read accordingly}

And the said Order being read accordingly; The said Bill was read a Second Time.

The said Bill was read the Third Time. Ref That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title RefThat the Bill be committed to a Committed

be. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by of the whole House.

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year RefThat this House will. Tomorrow Morning, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the upon the said Bill,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty Small Not Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third & Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising the Sum Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings, was, accord- Time, of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by ing to Order, read the Third Time.

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing the Chartered Banks read. to re-issue Notes in Circulation previous to the First

And the said Order being read accordingly; Day of December 1799.

The said Bill was read the Third Time. And the said Clause was Thrice read.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the

be. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Third Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till To-Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer morrow Morning. '

Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven

hundred and Ninety-nine. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Dukeof Ricfc *

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. upon the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of the deferred.

Treasury, to contract with the most Noble Charles Duke Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third of Richmond, for the absolute Purchase of the Property of

Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to enable Matthew the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty

Boulton, Engineer, to export the Machinery necessary for of Twelve Pence Chaldron on Coals shipped in the erecting a Mint in the Dominions of his Imperial Ma- River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a jesty the Emperor of all the Ruffins, be now read. Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, pay-

And the said Order being read accordingly; able out of the Consolidated Fund, be now read. .

The said Bill was read the Third Time. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

be. An Act to enable Matthew Boulton, Engineer, to resolve itself into the said Committee, export the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in

the Dominions of his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read- BilltsamenJ all the Rujftas. ing of the Bill (now ingrossed) to explain and amend an Land Tax

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, inti- aS'deferred.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. tuled, " An Act to amend, and render more effectual,

" Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third present Majesty's Reign, and the present Session of Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed), for the more secure " Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the Conveyance of Ship Letters, and for granting to His " Land Tax

Majesty certain Rates of Postage thereon, be now Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time read. Tomorrow Morning.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Commit wot

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repeal-be. An Act for the more secure Conveyance of Ship ing the Duties on Salt made in Scotland, and on Salt uty Letters, and for granting to His Majesty certain Rates imported from Scotland intp England and Wales, and of Postage thereon. granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Mr. -reported from the Committee, That they Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to ascertain the had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- .

Salary of the Mailer and Worker of His Majesty's ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,

Mint, be now read. when the House will please to receive the same.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

The said Bill was read the Third Time. Morning.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to ascertain the Salary of the Mailer and The other Order of the Day being read;

Worker of His Majesty's Mint. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, siwi'fh Wo01

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill tQ the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, BlI' defccrci Lords, and desire their Concurrence. upon the Bill to allow the Importation of Spanish

Wool, in Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with Ordered, lint the Order of the Day, for the Second His Majesty.

Reading of the Bill to permit Goods, the Produce of any

Foreign Colony in America, imported directly from And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow,

thence in any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects Morning, Ten of the Clock.

of any Country or Place in Amity with His Majesty,

- Veneris,

39 Geo. III.

28° J

7°5

Veneris, 28° die 'junii;

Anno'

39

Georgii

III"1 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

Erck's Nat. Bill, reported.

M1

Grantchester juv.1 Coton inclosure BUI, passed.

R. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing George , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parishes of Grantchester and

bury, in the West Riding of the County of Tcrk, and desire the Concurrence ot their Lordships thereto. '

A Petition of the Owners of Ships trading to and Petition of from the Port of London, convened by Public Advertise- agiTnftTon ment, was presented to the House, and read; Taking don i'ort Bill. Notice of the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London-, and Setting forth. That the same contains Clauses obliging all Ships entering the Port of London with West India Produce, whether from the West Indies or eilewhefe, to enter therein, and discharge their Cargoes, and also to load in the said Docks, or iome other Part of the River Thames below Bltickwail, and laying a Tax upon all Shipping

frequenting the Port, who cannot derive an adequate Benefit from them; and that such Compulsion is deft ruclivs of all Competition in the Management of Shipping in the River Thames, and will perpetuate, through Years of Peace, the enormous Charges under which they now labour, and check that Enterprize which has raised the Port of London to its present Pitch

Coton, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third of Capital and Prosperity; and that it would give a de

Kirkheaton inclosure Billj passed.

Time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parishes of Grantchester and Coton, in the County of Cambridge. '

Ordered, That General Adeanc do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing, and leafing or letting certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of 7'ork, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, and other Taxes or public Expences within the said Township; and for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotments, and Inclosure of the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Township, was read the Third Time. t

The Amendments following, were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 26. 1. 1.

To leave out from " in " to " Aid," in 1. 2.

1. 2. To leave out from " of" to " within,"

in 1. 3. and insert " the Highway " Rate and Church Rate," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing, and leafing or letting certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of Tcrk, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, Highway Rate, and Church Rate, within the said Township; and for confirming and efla-blishing the Division, Allotments, and inclosure of the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Township.

Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

cided Advantage to the Out Ports, not only in the Expence attached to the Shipping, but in the Danger, Riik,

Expence, and Delay, attending the Transit of Goods from the Legal Quays to the Docks in the 1/le of Dogs, or any Parts of the River lower down, and also prove particularly inconvenient and burthensome to Mailers and Owners of Ships, whole daily Attendance is rendered necessary on board their Vessels and in the City of London: And therefore praying, That the compuliory Clauses in the said Bill may not Hand as Parts thereof, if the same should pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time.

Sir William Lowtlier reported from the Committee, to Whitehaven whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names Harbour Peu-are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and ion»rcPor the other Trustees of the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed it? the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and also in the First, Second, Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-l'econd Years of His present Majesty, were read: And

Mr. John Denton being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts; but that various Doubts having aril'en relative to the Construction thereof, the Purposes thereof cannot be carried into effectual Execution, unless the same are further explained, amended, altered, and enlarged.

A Member present conihmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, alter, and enlarge the Powers of several

rbour of

Mr. Bankes to carry Dalton inclosure Bill to the Lords.

Acts, passed concerning the Harbour ot w muhaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for indemnifying the Trustees for executing the said Acts, for having paid Part Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do carry to the Lords the of the Money raised by virtue thereof to a Voluntary

Subscription for the Aid and Assistance of Government towards carrying on the War: And that Sir William Lovether and Mr. Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Br.nkes to carry North Croisland Inclosure Bill to the Lords.

ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of Tcrk, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do carry to the Lords the thereunto subscribed, being Planters, Merchants, and ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Ship Owners, in the West India Trade, was presented to several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the House, and read; ^Taking Notice of the Bill for ren-the Manor of North Crofsland, in the Parish of Almond- dering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Vol. 54. 8 R - Port

Petition of West India PIrliters, See. in favour of Ixmdon Port BilL

Eail India Company's Ships Bill, tilde red.

Pay appointed for conli-dering Lords Amendments to Seditious Societies Bill.

B'il to explain and amend London Militia Act, deferred.

Bill refyecting the Militia of Middlesex, &c. passed.

Committee on Puke of Richmond's Compilation Bill.

706 280 Junii. A. 1799-

Port of London-, and Setting forth, That they are fully convinced, that the beneficial Purposes thereof will be entirely defeated, unless all the Ships in the India Trade are compelled to use the Docks, with the Ware, houses, to be made at the Iste of Dogs, for the Reception of such Ships and their Cargoes, the same being particularly calculated for their Security and Accommodation: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Manner in which ,the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their Service: And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. HuJkiJJ'on, and Mr. Devayties, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reduc-" ing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, " passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of " the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the " further regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of " the said City," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of t}ie Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other Persons, towards the completing of the said Militia, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and for applying certain Monies} remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of,

and other Persons, towards the completing of the said Militia.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Titclfteld do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to contract with the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund, be now read.'"

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Ward of Toiler, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, among other Provisions contained therein, is One, That the Whole of the West India Trade shall load and unload in or near certain Wet Docks which are proposed to be made in the lfte of Dogs -, and that the Ward of is principally situ-

ated upon the Northern Bank of the River Thames, and comprizes, among other Places of great Business and resort, as connected with the West India Trade, the following Wharfs and Quays; videlicet,

Gaily s, Wool's, Custom House, Porter's, Bear's, Sab's, Wig-gin's, Young's, Ralph's, and Dice's and that the Inhabitants of the Ward principally consist of Persons who get their Living by the Business of the Water Side, anti upon whom is levied the greater Part of the Ward and Parochial Taxes and Assessments of the said Ward; and that the Removal of so considerable a Proportion of the Trade of the Port as the West India Trade from its present Station, must inevitably and considerably lefl'en the Amount of the Ward and Parochial Taxes and Assessments of the said Ward: And therefore praying, That there may be introduced into the said Bill, a Clause for the Indemnification of the Petitioners against such Defalcation in the said Ward and Parochial Taxes and Assessments as they may experience in consequence of the Removal of the said West India Trade, pursuant to the Enactments contained in the said Bill, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, Agents, or Witnesses, at the Bar of the House, in Support of the said Clause, and of the Allegations contained in their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent Persons taking Sand from the Thames without the Consent of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 7. 1. 27. To leave out from " Sand " to " from " in 1. 28. 1

Pr. 51. 1. 14. To leave out from " Hole" to " at " in 1. 17. and inlert " shall instead thereof.

Pr. 52. 1. 12. After " Strond " to insert " and they " are hereby required to maintain " and repair, and."

Pr. 86. 1. 21. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " from

Pr. 99. 1. 29. After " Craft " to insert " except those " of the said Corporation of Trinity " House."

Pr. 1O0. 1. 6. After " Vessel " to insert " except as " last aforesaid."

Pr. 101. 1. 9. After " Port" to insert " except also " as last aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House} and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another

Order for "Third Reading of London Port Bill, read.

Petition of la-habitants of Tower Ward, against I> Bid.

hill, passed.

Bill to prevent Combinations of Workmen, deterred.

The Lords have agreed to

Poole Roads, &c. Bill.

Trowbridge Paving Bill.

Bill for regulating the Shipping of Slaves, with Amendments.

Cumberworth Inclosure Bill, with an Amendment.

39 Geo. III.

28° ju

701

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Clause beginning in Pr. 109. 1. 2.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes want forth.

TCers for he Yeas, Je } 54-

Tellers for the Noes, j £ , ],9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 159. 1. 31. At the End of the Line to add " some " of which Warehouses are known " by the Name of Up-town Warehouses, and used for the Reception of India Produce, and " other Goods landed."

Pr. 160. 1. 19. To leave out from the Beginning to the End of the Line.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London.

Ordered, That the Lord Hawkesbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The. Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually amending, " widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole Gate, and for repealing " Two Acts of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth and " Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the " said Roads; and also, for applying a certain Sum of " Money, therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within the said Town " and County," without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, and for removing and preventing Nuisances. Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The-JLords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the dripping and carrying Slaves in Bri-tijh Vessels from the Coast of Africa; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of 1Cumberworth with Cumberworth Half, in the Parishes of

Silkftoneand Kirkburtou, in the West Riding of the County of York; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

Vox,. 54.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Thelwh enable such Person as His Majesty shall please to ap- l»ve paiu-d point to the vacant Office of a Baron of the Exchequer, Bl!' {°r a>''

- 1 ir 1 rx r _ 1 pointing a

to take upon himlelr the Degree of a Serjeant at Law; Serjeant at to which she Lords desire the Concurrence of this Law-House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First ° BiI1>read Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Confi.lered Committee. and reported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Passed.

Ordered That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein to be limited; and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, was again re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them agreed to by the House.

And it appearing that several Clauses were intended to be offered to be added to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed with re-lpedt to the said Clauses.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That' they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for indemnifying Justices who have ordered additional Allowances for the Families of Militia Men serving in Ireland; and for granting to Overseers of the Poor the Money advanced for that Purpose, and for making an additional Allowance to such Families.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they'had added several Clauses to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr.

Report of Militia Reduction, See, Bill, further con tide red *

Bill re-committed, with respect to Clause *

Instruction,

Bill, consider ed.

708 ' - 28 junii. . 1799.

Reported. _ Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Clauses which the Committee had added to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Clauses, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

House refill ves Refo/ved, That this House will, at the Riling of the

Mond 'yt0 House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

End India Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, ac-

siupTiiin 3 cording to Order, a Bill for regulating the Manner in Prelented. which the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their Service: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House donnAa^Ula to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for regulating the Importation and Exportation of " Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn " imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. i Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for cm abling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a Time to be limited, without Payment of Duty.

And Mr. Bragge ‘moved the House accordingly.

Bill, ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a Time to be limited, without Payment of Duty: And that Mr. Bragge, the Lord Hawkesbury, Mr. RoJ'e, and Mr. Ryder, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Instruction to Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Select Cora-Reportslre °n ni'ttee> who are appointed to consider of the Reports of spetiing Lon- the Minutes of the Evidence taken by the Committee, don Docks. to whom the Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London,. and also by the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, were severally committed, That they do receive such further Plans and Observations as may be submitted to them, for the Improvement of the Port of London, and for the greater Accommodation and Security of the Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the same; and that they have Power 4

to r port the fame, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, corn DUtrict upon the Bill for erecting the County of Edinburgh into Bill, a separate District, for the Purpose of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, be now read,.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Lord Hazvkesbury preftnted to the House, ac- Hamburgh cording to Order, a Bill to permit the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of ed. ' Germany: And the same was received; as>d read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report of further Consideration the Report from the Committee ^further" of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ascertainin^ considered. the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that where the Justices of any City or Corporate Town are, by Law, incapable of granting Ale and Beer Licences, a County Justice may act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to amend Reading of the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an ^ndX?xfl'

_ 0 , . .& _ 1 - -» 1 . demption Act,

Act, made in this present Session ot rarhament, inti- passed.

tuled, " An Act to amend, and render more effectual,

" Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, apd the present Session of

* Parliament, for the Redemption and Purchase of the

" Land Tax," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to b"e added to the Bill, by \\ray of Ryder, to enable Corporations and Bodies Politic to apply Alonies vested in the Funds, or on other Securities, for the Purpose of being laid out in Land, in the Redemption of the Land Tax.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way" of Ryder,

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to enable Bodies Corporate, and other Persons, to redeem their Land Tax, after the 25th Day of June 1799, in Preference to their Lessees.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then

39 Geo. III.

a 8° yurt it.

709

Small Note Duty Bill, passed.

Scotch Salt Duty Bill,

reported.

Committee on S;>anifo Wool Bill.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 27. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " and " in Pr. 22.1. 27.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

\ , Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes under the Value of Forty Shillings, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

And the ingrossed Clause before offered, and Thrice read, for allowing the Chartered Banks to re-issue Notes in Circulation previousto the ift Day of December 1799, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 19. 1. 30. To leave out " or re-issued."

1. 31. To leave out from " Banks " to " respectively" in I/35.

Pr. 20. 1. 6. To leave out " or re-issued."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:' And that the "Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes for small Sums of Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Salt made in Scotland, and on Salt imported from Scotland into England and tVales, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the-Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill Hull be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Importation of Wool,

in Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with His' Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time V o 1.. 54.

upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee an to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the Bill to permit Goods, the Produce of any Foreign Colony in America, imported directly from thence in any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of any Country or Place in Amity with His Majesty, to be entered and landed without Payment of the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Commitee. ‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Cohfoliiktrd Fund Bill, deterred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to protest Reading of the Bill to protect Mailers against Embezzlements by their Clerks or Servants, be now read. ments"«»-

And the said Order being read accordingly; mitt«d.

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon th» laid Bill.

J

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third BlllrefpefHnf Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue and Q ne amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third paired. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir (Expiring William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacturee of Maidstone Geneva, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ,

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title , be, An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Four, and amend, l'o much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacturee of Maidfone Geneva.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Fords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties to be paid on Pitch, Tar, Deal Boards, and Fir Timber, imported from Hamburgh, Altona, and Gluckjladt, in Ships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for incorporating, by Charter, a Company, to be called The Globe Office,

for Insurances on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for granting, purchasing, and settling Annui-

HS ties

Dntles on Pitch, Tar# See, imported from Hamburgh, to be considered.

Globe Instir ance Office Bill, read the Third Time.

7io

2 8° Junii, — i0 Julii. . 1799-

The Lords have agreed to

Amendments] to Egerton's Estate Bill.

Royal Assent to Bills.

ties upon or for Lives, or on Survivorship, and for granting Sums, payable at future Periods, and for affilting Benefit or Friendly Societies, and other charitable Inllitu-tions, and providing for the inferior and indigent Clergy, and the Widows and Children of the inferior and indigent Clergy, and for the lower and labouring Classes of Society, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The laid Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunes, i° d Julii,

Anno 39 Georgii III. U Regis, 1799. Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and

Mr. Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

- The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of several Estates, in the County of Chester (devised by the Will of Philip Eger ton, Esquire, deceased, to aTrustee, for a Term of Years, for the Purpose of discharging his Debts, with Remainder to the Uses therein mentioned) in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the said Debts, and to lay out the Surplus (if any) of the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman Usher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of 11 is Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was j'ead, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and all'o empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal High net the Duke of York, H is Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Spencer, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills arc as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional 9

Duties on Sugar imported and exported, and on Costle exported, and for reducing the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar:

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two Hundred Thousand Pounds, to be ifl'ued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of to be

by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt:

An Act for allowing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Eight hundred and Five, a further Bounty upon Pilchards exported, and for amending an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excite:

An Act for placing the Salaries of the Sheriff Deputes and Substitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots Civil List Establishment:

V An Act to enable such Person as His Majesty shall please to appoint to the vacant Office of a Baron of the Exchequer, to take upon himself the Degree of a Serjeant at Law:

An Act for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Town of Trowbridge, in the County of Wand for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of " Three Acts, passed in the First, Ninth, and Twentysecond Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the " Road leading from the House called the Sign of The " Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to " Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Green Man, in the Chapelryof Seend, in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge to Becking-ton, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads communicating with or lying near to the said Road; and for making and maintaining certain Pieces of New Road in Trowbridge aforesaid:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and -turning, the Road " from Ardw'tckGreen, near in the County of Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Jlow, in the County of Chejl

An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more " effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a " Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, called Poole " Gate, and for repealing Two Acts of Parliament, of " the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and also, for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned,

" towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way " within the said Town and County."

An Act to empower the Right honourable Henry Earl Fauconberg, to charge his settled Estates in the Counties of York and Chester with the Sum of Fifteen Thousand Pounds, in lieu of the Right of him the said Earl Fauconberg, and the other Tenants for Life of the said Estates, to cut down Timber growing thereon, and to

grant

39 Geo. III. i 0 Julii.711

grant Building Leases of such Parts of the said settled Estates as are near or adjoining to the Town of field, in the said County of and for veiling the

Manor and other Hereditaments of and in Sutton in the Forest, in the said County of , other Part of the said settled Estates, in Trustees, in Trull to sell the same, and, out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, to discharge the Incumbrances on the said settled Estates: , An Act for more easily effectuating the Sale of Part of the Freehold Estates late of Esquire,

deceased, and for applying the clear Monies to arise therefrom upon the Trulls of the Marriage Settlements of his Five Daughters:

An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of several Estates in the County of Chester(devised by the Will of Philip Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to a Trustee, for a Term of Years, for the Purpose of discharging his Debts, with Remainder to the Uses therein mentioned) in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the said Debts, and to lay out the Surplus (if any) of the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Richard Long, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be con-, veyed pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for applying the Money arising therefrom for the several Purpol'es therein mentioned:

- An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of Sir Henry Every, Baronet, in Trustees, in Trull to make Sale thereof, and to apply the Money produced by such Sale, or a competent Part thereof, in Payment and Discharge of divers Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances affecting the lame, and to in veil the Surplus of such Money (if any such shall be) in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for dffedling an Exchange of Lands between the Trustees of the Free Grammar Shod in Watton under Edge, in the County of Gl, and Nicholas Owen SmytheOwen, Esquire:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Arable Lands, intermixed Fields, Meadows, and Pastures. Commons, and W'afte Grounds, within the respective Manors of Pattingham and Patjhull, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common, Fen Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Gojbcrton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parishes of Yarkhill, Weston Beggard, Dor with the Chapelry

of Bartejiree, in the said Parish of Dormington and Stoke

Edith, with the Chapelry of in the said Parish

of Stoke Edith, all in the County of Hereford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Axbridge, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons, and W'afte Grounds, within th.e several Manors or Townships of Brayton, Thorp Willow by, Burton, and Gateforth Lund, in the Parish of

Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to divide, allot, inclose, and improve the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclofied Lands, in the Parish of Tuxford, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving all the Common Fields, Commons,. Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Teddingtotherwise Todington, otherwise Yettington, otherwise Paddington, in the Coun-

ty of Midrib sex:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Hyde Parker, Knight, with Ann Boteler his now Wife, and to enabic Vo L.54.

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Collins Campbell, Esquire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet Frafer his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Buller, of Calcutta in the Province of Bengal, in the East Esquire, with Eliza Catherine his now Wife,

and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Remand:

An Act for naturalizing Philipp Fredrick Behrends:

An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Count.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing George Erck, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing George Erck.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from themost Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of , in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton,&nd from thence to HenJhalPs Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Sing/eborough, in the Parish of Great Horzvood, in the County of Buckingham, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Singleborough, in the Parish of Great Horwood, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Lozvther pvefented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, alter, and enlarge the Rowers of several Acts, passed concerning the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for indemnifying the Trustees for executing the said Acts, for having paid Part of the Money raised by virtue thereof to a Voluntary Subscription for the Aid and Assistance of Government towards carrying on the War: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Mary Woo, in the City of

don,

Erck's Nat. Bill, passed *

Lawton and Henlhall's Smithy Roads Bill, reported.

Singlebo-rough Inclosure Bill, paired.

Whitehaven Harbour Bill, p relented.

Robnrts's, Estate Bill, committed *

Skinton, Ok-beck, &c. Koiid» Bill, committed *

Oirztm's, See. Partition Bill, reported, with Amendments *

Wrnidmty Inclosure Bill, reported.

71a i 0 Julii. . 1799.

don, belonging to the Parish of Saint in

Abraham Rob arts, William Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles Homyold, of the said City of London, Bankers and Copartners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the Sum of One Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds, upon Trust, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of a Lecturer, and for better regulating the Appointment of the said Ledurer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powders of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Ripon, near Ok beck, in the Township of Billon with Harrogate, and from thence to the Road leading from Knaresbrough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Dickins, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Curzon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual, a Partition and Division between the late Honourable Penn Afsheton Curzon, deceased, and the Right honourable Thomas Lord Ribblesdale (then Thomas Lifter, Esquire) of the Rectory of Whalley, and of the Chapels, Glebe Lands, Messuages,

Tenements, Tythes, Obventions, Prpfits, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a Lease from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, at all Times hereafter, to grant the said Rectory and Premises by Two several Leases, according to the said Partition and Division, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the JHouse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 44. Leave out " Chapel " and insert " Chapels."

Pr. 5. 1. 11. Leave out "to" and insert "for."

Pr. 11. 1. 39. Leave out " the."

Pr. 24. 1. 21. After "fame" insert "Charges."

Pr. 26. 1. 32. Leave out " then" and insert "than." I.41. Leave out "and" and insert "or."

1. 42. Leave out " other. "

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Williams reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields and Common Meadows, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish and Manor of Wyrardisbury, otherwise Wraifbury, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; -and to whom the Petition of the several Per-l'ons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right and Interest in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Wyrardisbury, otherwise Wraifbury, in the County of

Buckingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.6. 18 s. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 295. 14 s.per Annum); and that the Committee Lad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: 'Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Hawkejburypresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a Time to be limited, without Payment of Duty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That it appears tp this House, that the Amount of the Public Funded Debt existing on the 5th of January 1793 was £.238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities to the Amount of £. 1,373,550; of which Sums, on the 1 ft February 1799, Stock.to the Amount of£. 28,67 7,689 had been purchased by, and Annuities to the Amount of £.119,880 had fallen in, to the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt; reducing the actual Amount of the Debt existing on 5th January 1793 to £ fc°9>553>559> and the Annuities to £. 1,253,670;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for Prevention of other Treasonable and Seditious Practices.

And the said Amendments were Once read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 26. After " and" insert " whereas."

Pr. 2. 1. 3. Leave out from " Men " to " that " in Line 4, and insert " and delude " many ignorant and unwary Persons into the Commission of Acts

" highly

Cqrn Importation Bill, prdeated.

Hamburgh Naval Stores Bill, committed.

Debate Of Motion respecting the iKiblic Debt Sec. further adjourned

Lords Amend# ments to Seditious Societies Bill adjourned for ThretMonths.

39 Geo. III. i° Julii 713

" highly criminal: And whereas it " is expedient and necessary. '

Pr. 2. I.21. After "all" insert " the said."

1» 28. Leave out from " Place " to " the " and insert " shall be, and the " same are hereby utterly sup-' " " pressed and prohibited, as being

" unlawful Combinations and Confederacies against the Government " of our Sovereign Lord the King, and against the Peace and Security of His Majesty's Liege " Subjects. And be it further " Enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the " passing of this Act, all and every " the said Societies, and also every " other Society now established or " hereafter to be established."

Pr. 2. 1. 30. After " or " insert " to "

Pr. 3. 1. 1. After "or" insert "to take."

Pr. 4. 1. 23. After " Officer" insert " or Mem-

" ber. "

Pr. 5. 1. 7. Lea've out from " more " to " and "

in Press 7. Line 16. and insert " but " that such Approbation of the " Justices as aforesaid shall remain " valid and effectual no longer " than until the next General Session for such County, Stewartry, " Riding, Division, or Place, unless " the same shall, on Application " made by the Parties concerned, " be confirmed by the major Part " of the Justices present at such I " General Session; and if the fame

" shall not be then and there so confinned, the Provisions of this Act " shall from thenceforth extend to such Declaration, and to all Societies or Persons subscribing the fame, in so far as may relate to all Acts which may be done by them, " or any of them, subsequent to " the holding of such General Session " and also insert Clauses " A. B. C. D. and E. "

Clause (A.) " Provided also, and be it Enacted, That no Person, who at or " before the passing of this Act, " shall be or shall have been a " Member of any such Society, " shall be liable to any Pain or " Penalty for having been a Member of such Society at or before " the passing of this Act, in case " such Person shall not in any Manner ad as a Member of such " Society at any Time after the " passing of this Act."

Clause (B.) " And whereas certain Societies have " been longaccustomed to beholden " in this Kingdom, under the Denomination of Lodges of Free Masons, the Meetings whereof have " been in great Measure directed to charitable Purposes; Be it therefore Enacted, That nothing in " this Act shall extend to the " Meetings of any such Society or "'Lodge, which shall, before the " passing of this Act, have been " usually holden under the said " Denomination, and in conformity " to the Rules prevailing among the " said Societies of Free Masons."

Clause (C.) " Provided always, That this Exemption shall not extend to any such " Society, unless Two of the Members composing the fame, shall " certify upon Oath (which Oath " any Justice of Peace or other " Magistrate is hereby empowered " to administer) that such Society " or Lodge has, before the passing " of this Act, been usually held " under the Denomination of a " Lodge of Free Masons, and in " conformity to the Rules prevail- " ing among the Societies or Lodges " of Free Masons in this Kingdom $

" which Certificate, duly attested

u by the Magistrate before whom " the same shall be sworn, and subseribed by the Persons lb certifying, shall, within the Space of " Two Calendar Months after the " passing of this Act, be deposited " with the Clerk of the Peace for the " County, Stewartry, Riding, Division. Shire, or Place, where " such Society or Lodge hath been " usually held. "

Clause (D.) " Provided also, That this Exemption " shall not extend to any such Society or Lodge, unless the Name " or Denomination thereof, and " the usual Place or Places, and " Time or Times of its Meetings, " and the Names and Descriptions " of all and every the Members " thereof be registered with such " Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, " within Two Months after the " passing of this Act, and also on " or before the Twenty-fifth Day " of March in every succeeding " Year. "

Clause (E.) " And be it Enacted, That the Clerk u of the Peace, or the Person ading in his Behalf in any such " County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Shire, or Place, is hereby authorized and required to receive " such Certificate, and make such " Registry as aforesaid, and to inrol the same among the Records ' " of such County, Stewartry, Rid-

" ing, Division, Shire, or Place, " and to lay the same Once in every " Year before the General Session " of the Justices for such County, " Stewartry, Riding, Division, Shire, " pr Place; and that it shall and " may be lawful for the said Justices, " or for the major Part of them, at " any of their General Sessions, if " they shall so think fit, upon Complaint made to them upon Oath, " by any One or more credible " Persons, that the Continuance of " the Meetings of any such Lodge " or Society is likely to be injurious to the Public Peace and good " Order, to direct that the Meet-" ings of any such Society or Lodge " within such County, Stewartry, " Riding, Division, Shire, or Place, " shall from thenceforth be discontinued; and any such Meeting " held, notwithstanding such Order " of Discontinuance, and before the 8 T " fame

7 4

Juliu

A, 1799,.

li same shall, by the like Authority, be revoked, shall be deemed " an unlawful. Combination and "Confederacy under the Provisions "of this Act. "

Pr. 5. 1. 18. Leave out " according to " and insert " at any Time after the passing of " this Act, shall in Breach of "

1. 19. Leave out from "Provisions" to " be " in Line 30. and insert " thereof. "

1. 2c. Leave out " deemed " and in the same Line leave out " an " and insert " any such. "

1. 21.7 After "Confederacy" insert " as in & 22.3 " this Act is described. "

Pr. 10. 1. 29. Leave out from " been " to " be " fore " in Line 30.

I.31. Leave out from "Adt" to "after" in Line 34 and insert " a Member of any" Society hereby de / " dared to be an unlawful Combi-

" nation and Confederacy, if such " Person shall not in any Manner " have acted as a Member of such " Society."

Pr. 11. 1. 19. 7 Leave out "every such" and insert & 20'. 3 " the First. "

I.21. After "Pounds" insert "and shall " for any such Offence committed " after the Date of his or her Conviction for such First Offence, be " deemed guilty of an unlawful " Combination and Confederacy in " Breach of this Act. "

Pr. 12. 1. 7. After "Forfeitures" insert " for any " Act done after that Day. "

1. 11; Leave out from "Day " to "and" in Line 12 of the same Press.

Pr. I3. 1. 8. In the First Interlineation after " Pretence " insert " or for any other " Cause."

1. 9. In the Second Interlineation, after ' " Pretence " insert " or for any " other Cause."

Pr. 16. 1. 15. After " Pamphlets" insert " Newspapers. "

Pr. 17. 1. 34. After " Pounds " insert Clauses " F. " and G."

Clause (F.) " Provided also, and be it Enacted, " That it shall be lawful for any " Two Justices of the Peace acting " for any County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town, or , " Place, upon Evidence on Oath, " that any House, Room, or Place " so licensed and opened as aforesaid, is commonly used for the " Purpose of delivering the re Lectures or Discourses of a seditious " or immoral Tendency, or that " Books, Pamphlets, Newspapers, " or other Publications of a seditious or immoral Nature, are " there commonly kept and delivered to be read, to adjudge " and declare the Licence for- opening the same to have been forfeited, and such Licence shall " thereupon cease and determine, " and shall thenceforth be utterly " void, and of no Effect."

Clause (G.) " Provided also, That every House, " Room, or Place, licensed for the " Sale of Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, shall also be

" deemed a House of Place licensed " for the Purpose of reading Books, " Pamphlets, and other Publieations, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; but nevertheless " it shall be lawful to and for any " Two or more Justices of the , " Peace for the County, Stewartry,

" Riding, Division, City, Borough, " Town, or Place, where such " House, Room, or Place shall be, ," upon Evidence on Oath, that " Books, Pamphlets, or other Publications of a seditious or immoral Nature are usually distributed for the Purpose of being " read at such House, Room, or " Place, to adjudge and declare " the Licence or Licences for felling . " Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous " Liquors, under the Authority " whereof such House, Room, or " Place, shall be used for the Purpose of selling Ale, Beer, Wine, " or Spirituous Liquors, to have " been forfeited, and the Person or " Persons so keeping such House, " Room, or Place, shall, from and " after the Day of the Date of " such Adjudication and Declaration, be subject and liable to all " and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which such Person or " Persons would be subject and " liable to if such Licence or Licerices had expired, or otherwise " determined on that Day for any

" Act done after that Day. "

Pr. 17. 1. ir. Leave out " also" and insert " always." 1

Pr. 18. 1. 10. After "Court" insert "or by the " Professors in Grejkam College."

1. 22. Leave out from " Act " to " and " in Press 19. 1. 24.

Pr. 19. 1. 36. Leave but " a" and insert " an irreligious."

1. 38. Leave out from " to" to " to" in Press 20. Line 6, and insert " revile " our Holy Religion, and to bring " the Profession and Worship " thereof into Contempt among " the Ignorant, and also to excite " Hatred and Contempt of His Majesty's Royal Person, Government, and Laws, and of the happy " Constitution of these Realms, as " by Law established, and utterly." Pr. 23. 1. 28. After " that " insert " from and after " the Expiration of Forty Days " after the passing of this Act. "

1. 30. After " Paper " insert or Book."

1. 32. Leave out " such Paper " and insert " the fame."

1After "Paper" insert " or Book."

1. 38.7 Leave out from " Characters " to &39-3 " his" in Press 24. Line 2.

Pr. 24. 1. 4. Leave out from " Place " to " and" in Line 6 of the same Press.

1. 9. After " or" insert " usual. "

1. 10. 7 After " Person " insert " who shall &11.3 " omit so to print his Name and

" Place of Abode on every such " Paper or Book printed by him,

" and also every Person. "

1. 14. After " Paper " insert " or Book

" which

Another Bill rdered *

Globe In-

furance Office Bill, passed.

39 Geo. III.

" which shall have been printed " after the Expiration of Forty " Days from the passing of this " Act, and."

In Clause " A." Line 5. leave out " or " and insert " and; "

Pr. 26.1. 16.7 Leave out from "Engraving" to & 17.J " on" in Line x8.

1. 21. Leave out " only. "

1. 2 . After " Person " insert " and the " Articles in which he deals, or to " any Papers for the Sale of Estates " or Goods by Auction, or otherwise. "

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for better preventing Treasonable and Seditious Practices: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned. Proceeding upon the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for incorporating, by Charter, a Company, to be called The Globe Office, for Infur-

ances on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for granting, purchasing, and settling Annuities upon or for Lives, or on Survivorship, and for granting Sums payable at future Periods, and for assisting Benefit or Friendly Societies, and other charitable Institutions, and providing for the inferior and indigent Clergy, and the Widows and Children of the inferior and indigent Clergy, and for the lower and labouring Clafies of Society, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 13. To leave out " Office" and insert " Company " instead thereof.

Pr. 4. 1. 5. To leave out " Office" and insert " Company " instead thereof.

Pr. 15. 1. 33. To leave out " such" and insert " any," instead thereof, and after " Courts " to insert " authorized " by the said Charter or Indenture " to be held by the said Corporation for that Purpose."

Pr. 20. 1. 26. To leave out from "Aft" to the End of Line 29.

1. 30. To leave out " are " and insert " is," instead thereof.

1. 33. After " otherwise" to insert " save " and except the Taxes, Rates, Assessments, Impositions, and Du-

1 " ties imposed by an Act, passed in

" the present Session of Parliament, " for repealing the Duties imposed " by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting " an Aid and Contribution for the i " Prosecution of the War, and for granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties."

Pr. 23. 1. 16. To leave out from " Clergy" to the End of the Press.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by Charter, a Company to be called " The Globe Insurance

Vol. 54.

Julti; 715

" Company," for Insurance on Lives, and against Loss

or Damage by Fire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Milica Re-Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner ' thereinto be limited; and for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for encouraging the Return of Deserters.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Commanding Officers to transmit to the Clerks of the Peace, the Names of Militia Men when disembodied.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21; 1. 2. To leave out from " to" to " and, " in Line 8. and insert " direct the " Lord Lieutenants of the several " Counties to disembody such Part of the Supplementary Militia,

" and at such Times as His Majesty " shall think fit, which Men, fodisembodied, or ordered to be dif- ' embodied, shall and may, when " actually marched from the Regiments to which they respectively " belong, enlist or be enlisted in " such of His Majesty's Regular " Forces as shall be named or appointed for that Purpose," in--.

.. (lead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Mr. Steele, )

Mr. Stanley: j 37 *

5

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 30. 1. 22. After the Second "Officer" to insert " or Non-commissioned Officer."

1. 24. After " Forces" to insert " or other " Person," and after " enlist " to insert " or persuade to enlist."

1. 33. To leave out " been" and insert "left " any Regiment, Battalion, or " Corps of Militia for the Purpose of being " instead thereof.

Pr- 35- 1 37. After " Overseers" to insert " and " thereupon shall allow all such " Payments as."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time and in the Manner therein limited; for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces, for the vigorous Prosecution of the

War,

Tellers for the Yeas,

_ „ _ . ( Mr. Parker Coke,

Tellers for the Noes,£ Doctor

Seditious Societies Bill, presented.

Bill to prevent Combinations of Workmen, passed.

Edinburgh Com District Bill, reported.

Fall India Company's Ships Bill, committed.

716 i m Julii. 1799-

wax, and for amending the Laws relating to the Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for better preventing Treasonable and Seditious Practices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Re/o/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossfed Bill to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 1. To leave out " Number" and insert " Numbers-" instead thereof.

1. 36. After "Workmen" to insert " or " other Persons."

Pr. 2. 1. 2. After " Workmen " to insert " or " other Persons."

Pr. 3. 1. 26. After " Workman" to insert " or " other Person."

1. ult. After " Workman" to insert " or " other P.erson."

Pr. 4. 1. 16. After " Workman" to insert " or " other Person."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Douglas, according to Order, reported from the "Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a separate District, for the Purpose of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amehdments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of trading to the Eujt Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their Service, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time. _

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

fte/o/ved. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the DukeofRkl. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to p^tionM, enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to con- reported, tract with the most Noble Charles Duke of for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments} in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for returning the Duty paid on Coals in certain Cafes.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tims Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committwoa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^jj' ® upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, palfed in London Mili-the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma« mA4 -jesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing " into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed " in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering " the Militia of the City of London, and for the further " regulating of the Trained Bands or Militia of the " said City."

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion for that it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That ^thdrawn.' they have Power to receive a Clause, for authorizing Provision to be made for the Person who was Muster Master of the Trained Bands, at the Time of passing the said Act.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee

1 Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John William Ander/on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John William Ander/on reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to reported. ' permit Goods, the Produce of any Foreign Colony in America, imported directly from thence in any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of any Country or Place in Amity with His Majesty, to be entered and landed without Payment of the Duty granted by an Act of

Committee on

Robart$'s,.&c. £iUte Bill, to fit To-mor-scow;

Chmmlttee on Skipton, Ok-beck, &c. Roads Bill, to fit To-mor row *

Spirit Licences Bill, polled.

Scotch Salt I>uty Bill, paded.

Spanish Wool passed.

39 Geo. ill.

of the lift Session of Parliament, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted. - 1

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Mary Woolnoth, in the City of , belonging

to the Parish of Saint Mdry le Bow, in Abraham William Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles of the

laid City of London, Bankers and Copartners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the Sum of One Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds, upon Trust, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of a Lecturer, and for better regulating the Appointment of the said Lecturer, is committed, have Leave to fit, and proceed upon tljc said Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Town of to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to near Okbeck, in the Town of Billon with Harrogate, and from thence to the Road leading from Knarejboro to Wet her by, in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed, have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill (now ingrafted) for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for any County to grant Licences to sell Ale, Beer, or other Liquors, by Retail, in Cities and Places where a sufficient Number of Magistrates cannot be found qualified to grant such Licences.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill'(now ingrafted) for repealing the Duties on Salt made in Scotland, and on Salt imported from Scotland into England and Wa, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Duties on Salt made in Scotland, and on Salt imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge da carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence!

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Fumi Bill, the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the'-Service of the Year One thou find Seven hundred and Ninety-nine;

The House was moved. That the Resolution which, upon the 25th Day of June last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for'railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; v

" Resolved, That the Sum of Thirty-four Thousand " One Hundred and Forty-five Pounds Two Shillings " and Nine Pence,-remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of the Forces, out of the Sum granted " by Parliament for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army for the Year 1798, be applied " towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, to defray the Extraordinary Expences of the " Army for the Year 1799."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instructioni. mittee. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit. , '

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said- Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee oa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to protect ^'aVcft tronT Masters against Embezzlements by their Clerks or Embezzle-Servants. 1 menu.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John William Anderson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow ~

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Bill (now ingrafted) to allow the Importation of Spanish Wool, in Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with His Majesty, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to allow the Importation of Spanish Wool, in Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with His.

Majesty.

Yol. 54. - 8 U Mortis,

718

2® Julii.

A.

179P.

Wraifburyln-closure Bill, passed,

Sir David Lindsay's Estate Bill reported, and pafl'cd.

The Lord have agreed to

Bill to amend Scotch Pistil-kry Act.

Vote of Credit Bill.

Levant Trade

Bill.

Income Duty Exchequer Bills BUI.

Martts, 2 die yulii;

Anno 39; Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadows, and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Wyrardisbury, otherwise in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Wyrardisbury, otherwise Wraifbury, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for enabling Trustees to convey, pursuant to a Contract of Sale already entered into, an Estate at in the Parish of Rickmersworth, in the County of late belonging to Sir David Lindsay, Baronet, deceased, devised, in ftrid Settlement, by a Codicil to his Will, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, with. Power of leafing the Estates to be settled, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Orde and Mr. Wilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue until the Tenth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred, and amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Scotland, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty, granted by an Act of the last Session, on Goods the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Streights of Gibraltar; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount,

Lottery BiH

Bill respecting the Forth and CJyde, and C final Canals.

Kempsford and Dryffield Inclosure Bill *

Cradley Chapel Bill

Amendments to Poyntx't Estate Bill

on the Credit, of such Monies as shall arile, by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Duties on Income; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to repay, into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the said Company, and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum, so to be received, to the Company of Proprietors of the Ca-

nal, on certain Conditions; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of ford and Dryffield, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to the new Chapel of Cradley, in that Part of the Parish of Halesowen which lies in the County and Dio- '

cefe of Worcester, and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling William Stephen Poyntz, Esquire, and the Honour-, able Elizabeth Mary his Wife, to charge the Estates late of the Right honourable George Samuel Lord Vift count Montague, deceased, in the County of Sussex, with a competent Sum of Money for improving the same, and for other Purposes: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Manor of King's Broniley, and alfq certain Open Meadows or Lands within the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley aforesaid, in the County of Stafford; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to finilli and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and pa?ei,°with Division between the Jate Honourable Penn Afsheton Amend-Curzon, deceased, and the Right honourable Thomas raents' Lord Ribblesdale (then Thomas Lijler, Esquire) of the Rectory of Whalley, and of the Chapels, Glebe Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Tythes, Obventions, Profits, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a Lease from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, at all Times hereafter, to grant the said Rectory and Premises by Two several Leases, according to the said Partition and Division, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments

King's Bromley Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Grimsby' Haven Bill, with Amendments.

Skip ton, Ok beck, See. Hoads Bill reported.

Hobart's, See Estate Bill, imported, with Amendments.

Corn Importation Bill, committed.

Considered.

39 Geo. III.

2° Julii.

7X9

ments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Kir. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Ripon,

near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with

and from thence to the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John William Anderfott reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Mary in the City of London, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bow, in Abraham Robarts, William Ellis

Were, and Charles Hornyo/d, of the said City of London, Bankers'and Copartners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the Sum of One Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds, upon Trust, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of Lecturer, and for better regulating the Appointment of the faici Lecturer, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several, Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth, viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 16. Leave out from " Administrators " to "in" in 1. 19, and insert " into " the Bank of England."

1. 20. Leave out " Receipts," and insert " Receipt."

1. 21. Leave out " are" and insert "is."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a Time to be limited, without Payment of Duty, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the BilP be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they V01. 54.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, tefolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Na^Ttores1 permit the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Bill. Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they 4

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re- . port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Edinburgh Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a separate District, for the Purpose of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill w'as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a separate District, for the Purpose of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dv.ndas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third DukeofRich-Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to enable the Lords penfitionBiu] Commissioners of the Treasury, to contract with the patted, most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to < be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 33. To leave out " First" and insert " Tw'enty-fifth" instead thereof, and to leave out " January " and insert " December " instead thereof.

1. 35. To leave out " Nine " and insert '

" Eight " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That 'the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to contract with the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third American reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to permit Goods, l11'

the Produce of any Foreign Colony in America, imported direct ly from thence in any Ship or Yefiel belonging to the Subjects of any Country or Place in

Amity

Committee on East India Company' Ships Bill.

Consolidated Fund Bill, reported.

pill to explain and amend London Militia Act, reported,

720

2° Julii.

A.

1799

Amity with His Majesty, ,to be entered and landed without Payment of the Duty, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order beingffead accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to permit Goods, the Produce of any Foreign Colony in America, imported directly from thence in any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of any Country or Place in Amity with His Majesty, to |^e entered and landed without Payment of the Duty, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for, the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of , trading to

the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their Service, be now read.

And the said Order, being read accordingly;.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to-report, when the House will please to receive, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole. House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Slim of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he rfead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One;, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Sir John William Anderson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reduring into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the " better ordering the Militia of the City of London, " and for the further regulating of the Trained Bands " or Militia of the said City," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ' ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committees a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established cwUe for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for better preventing Treasonable and Seditious Practices.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Douglas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.,

Ordered, That thfe Report be now received.

Mr. Douglas accordingly reported from the said Com- repotted, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee 'had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read' the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a.

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Sir John William Anderson, according to Order, re- Bill to pro-ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to protest Mailers against Embezzle- elements, rc-ments by their Clerks or Servants, was committed, the P0^ Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice, read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment thereunto, was agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords Bayappoint-to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the ship- dtirlgulnj, ping and carrying. Slaves in British Vessels from the Amendment Coast of Africa, be taken into Consideration To-mor-row Morning. ftippinftf

Slave.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Lawton and of Three Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Bill, paired, the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roalds leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to HenfuaWs Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County,' was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of

Three

tords Amendment to Cumber worth Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Haymarket nex Street Bill, reported.

King's Content signified.

30 Geo. III. 2° — 3 721

Three Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in t tie Seventeenth Year of the Reign of llispresent Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the moll Southern Part of Lane, in the Pari P.i of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Cliester, to

Lawton, and from thence to upon Cranage Green, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment'made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cumberworth with Cumberworth Half, in the

Parishes of Silkfone and Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of 7'ork.

Aftd the said Amendment was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Pr. 36. I.4. After "Hospital" insert " Provided ne-"vertheless, That such Allotment of " One Tenth Part of the Residue as " aforesaid, shall be made before any " Allotment shall be let out for Sale " to defray the Expences of this Act, ' " or to the Lord of the Manor as

" such, as hereinbefore mentioned; " any Thing herein contained to the " contrary notwithstanding."

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendment made by the Lords, and gave their Corn sent to the said Alteration;

The said Amendment was read a Second Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrcpont do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Mary Woolnoth, in the City of London, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bow, in ham Robarts, William Curtis, Ellis H ere, and Charles nyold, of the said City of London, Bankers and Copartners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the Sum, of One Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds, uponTrult, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of a Lecturer, and for better regulating the Appointment of the said Lecturer, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pal's.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Grimsby Haven Company to finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 16. Leave out "Three " and insert " Six."

Pr. 28. I.23. Leave out from "Aft" to "and' in Pr. 29. 1. 32.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mercurtiy 30 Julii;

Anno 39 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

MR. Robson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a new Street from the Hay-market into Charles Street, Saint James's Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And Notice being taken that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the said Bill,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 54.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of aq Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of to the Turn-

pike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Town Hi ip of Bit ton with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from rough to Wether by, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Town of , to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Ripon, near in the Township of Billon with Harrogate, and from thence to the Road leading from Knaresborough to therby, in the West Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Manor of King's Bromley, and also certain Open Meadows or Lands within the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley aforesaid, in the County of Stafford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 38. 1. 17. Leave out "such."

8 X Pr.

Robarts' Sfdi Eltare Bill, pulled.

Lorcis Amend merits to Grimsby Ha ven Bill, agreed to *

Skipton, Okd beck, &c. Roads Bill, passed.

Lords Amendments to Kind's Brom-iey Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

Bill to explain and amend London Militia Act, passed.

Bill to protect Mailer from Embezzlements, passed.

Thames Tunnel Bill, reported.

King's Con-lent Hgnified.

722 3 jfulii. ' A. 1799 *

Pr. 38. 1. 20. After " Successors" insert " other " than for a Term of Years, absolute, not exceeding Twentyone Years in Possession, and not " in Reversion, nor any such Lease."

Pr. 64. 1. 13. Leave out from " elsewhere " to " Provided " in Pr. 66. 1. 8.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, " Two several Acts, paired in the Thirty-fourth and " Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of " London, and for the further regulating of the Trained

" Bands or Militia of the said City," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: A [id that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and reducing into One " Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the " Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia " of the City of London, and for the further regulating of the Trained'Bands or Militia of the said City."

Ordered, That Sir "John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to protect Masters against Embezzlements by their Clerks or Servants, be now read. *

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to protect Masters against Embezzlements by their Clerks or Servants.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. 7 'ownjhendreported from the Committed, to

whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Tunnel or Road under the River ‘Thames, from or near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the AJlegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And Notice being taken that His Majesty's Interest is concerned in the said Bill;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they thall think fit.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

8

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were Once read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 11. After " the " insert " First Day of " August next after the "

Pr. 5. I.17. Leave out "White Men" and insert " Mariners or other free Persons " composing the Crew. "

1. 18. Leave out " leaving the said Coast " and insert " clearing outwards for " the Voyage. "

Pr. 14. 1. ult. After " the " insert " First Day of " Atiguftnext after the "

Pr. 15. 1. 30. After "the" insert "First Day of " August next after the "

Pr. 20. 1. 26. After " the " insert " First Day of " August next after the "

Pr. 24. 1. 26.)Leave out an(j Mariners. "

& 27 i

Pr. 30. 1. 13. After " the" insert " First Day of " August next after the "

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of , was committed,

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed. /

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the importation of other Articles of Provision, for a Time to be limited, without Payment of Duty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout y and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr.

Lords Amend. menu to Bill for regulating the shipping of Slaves, adjourned for Three Moo tin.

Hamburgh Naval Stores Bill, reported *

Com Importation Bill, reported.

39 Geo. III. 3 Julii.

East India Company's Ships Bill, re ported.

Consolidated Fund Bill, passed.

Seditious Societies Bill, paled.

Slave carrying Bill, ordered.

Committee on Importation of Goods in Keutral Ships.

reported.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the shall

hire and take up Ships for their Sendee, was committal, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the' Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time. *

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certaip Sums of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the more effectual Supprdfion of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for better preventing Treasonable and Seditious Practices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for better preventing Treasonable and Seditious Practices.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

enable His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, by Order in Council, to permit such Goods, as shall be specified in such Order, to be imported in Ships belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty.

And Mr. Bragge moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill orderwl. enable His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, by Order in Council, to permit such Goods, as shall be specified in such Order, to be imported in Ships belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty: And that Mr,

Bragge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Lord Hazvkesbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer prefehted to the si;ve carrying House, according to Order, a Bill for better regulating BlU, I>ref<'"ted. the Manner of carrying Slaves in British Vesselsfrom the Coast of Africa: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

OrderedJYhnt the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee , of the v. hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said conlid« d. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Long accordingly reported from the said Commit- reported, tee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then in-

grofled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Manner of carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,'to consider of enabling His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit such Goods, as shall be specified in such Order, to be imported in Ships belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bragge accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Vox,. 54.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

JVilmot:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act toamend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants, who have served " Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as " Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain " Restrictions and Qualifications;" without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more secure Conveyance ot Ship Letters, and for granting to His Majesty certain Rates of Postage thereon; without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘‘An Act to enable the Lord High " Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the " Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an " Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty'$

The Lords have agreed to

Bill respecting

American

Officer.

Ship Letter! Bill.

Bill to continue Pott Horse Farming A&.

Militia Subalterns Bill.'

Militia Pay Bill.

Bill refne£Hne

the Militia of Middlesex,&c.

/. 3,000,000 Exchequer Bills Bill.

£.3.500,000 Exchequer Bills Bid.

Master of the Mint's Salary Bill.

Stamp Duties Account Bill.

Cheadle, See, Roads Bill,

AmendrAents to Robarts's, dtc.Eihate Bill.

Debate on Motion respecting the Public Debt, iic. further adjourned.

724

30 Ju

A. 1799.

" Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling " Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be " willing to contract for the fame;" without any Amendment: And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and for applying certain

Monies remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of and

other Persons, towards the completing of the said Militia; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; without any Amendment: And also.

The" Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to ascertain the Salary of the Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering the Period of making up the Annual Account of the "Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadle, through ,to the

Utloxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near Quicks-hill Bank; and also, the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road, at Bear's Brook, through Ilolling ton, to the said Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near the Churnet Bridge at Roce/ler, in the County of Stafford, to continue in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Mary fVoolnoth, in the City of London, belonging to the Parish of Saint Mary le Bow, in Abraham barts, William Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles Hornyold, of the said City of London, Bankers and Copartners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the Sum of One Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds, upon Trust, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of a Ledurer, and for better regulating the Appointment of the said Ledurer.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That it appears to this House, that the Amount of the Public Funded Debt, existing on the 5th of January 1793, was £. 238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities to the Amount of £. 1,373.550; of which Sums, on the 1 ft February 1799, Stock to the Amount 0^.28,677,689 had been purchased by, and Annuities to the Amount of £. 119,880 had fallen in to, the Commissioners for

redeeming the National Debt; reducing the actual Amount of the Debt, existing on 5th January 1 793, to

£. 209,553,559, and the Annuities to £. 1,253,670;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Tomorrow Scvennight, the 11th Day of this Instant July.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- COmcandEx-fuler of the Income, Expenditure, and Commerce, of penUiture. the Country, and oi the Progress which has been made, and may be expected to be made, in the Reduction of the National Debt, and the preventing the Accumulation thereof in future.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which &c"

have been presented to the House in this present Session „ of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, be referred, to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 10th Day of May 1791, was made from the Select Committee, to whom it was referred to examine and state the several Accounts and other Papers, presented to the House in that Session of Parliament, relating to the Public Income and Expenditure, and to report to the House what has been the whole Amount of the Public Income and Expenditure during the last Five Years, and what may be expected to be the Annual Amount thereof in future; and also, what Alteration has taken place in the Amount of the Public Debt since the 5th Day of January 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Reports which, in the Two last Sessions of Parliament, were made from the Select Committees, who were appointed- to examine and state the Total Amount of the Public Debts, and other Matters relating to the Public Revenue and Expenditure, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for veiling certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and also, an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to render more effectual the said last mentioned Act, and to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt, in case of future Lbans; and also, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of th^ War; and also, an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That, the Report be received upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the nth Day of this Instant July.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Neutral Shipt House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Ma- jU>Prefeat-jesty, for a Time to be limited, by Order in Council, to permit such Goods, as shall be specified in such Order, to be imported in Ships belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered,

39 Geo. III. 36 — 4e >/«.

725

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time. The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time, ommitted. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a.Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

considered. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bragge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

. Mr. Bragge reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 40 die Julii;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Slave carrying Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for better regulating Bl11 Pa,ltd> the Manner of carrying Slaves in B Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better regulating the Manner of carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to '

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Neutral ship Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to 1 'ltportei ' enable His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, by Order in Council, to permit such Goods as shall be specified in such Order, to be imported in Ships belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gross'ed.

Anno 390 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

Haymarket A N ingrossed Bill, for making a new Street from the ww Street jf\ Haymarket into Charles Street, Saint James's Square,

Bill, passed. within the City and Liberty of IVJiminfer, was read the

Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 15. To leave out " Sarah Turner " and insert " William Bilton " instead thereof.

Pr. 27. 1. 10. To leave out from " Barclay " to the ' End of 1. 13.

1. 15. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of 1. 17.

1. 36. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of the Schedule.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making a new Street from the Haymarket into Charles Street, Saint James's Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. RobJ'on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thame Tun- The Bill (now ingrossed) for making and maintaining nel Bill, paired. aTunnel or lload under the River Thames, from or near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for preserving the Rights of the City of London.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a Tunnel or Road under the River Thames, from or near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 54.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Walker: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to amend to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parlia- me Duty ment, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties imposed " by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for " granting an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution " of the War, and to make more effectual Provision for " the like Purpose, by granting certain Duties upon Income, in lieu of the said Duties," so far as relates to the Assessments made upon Trustees, Agents, Receivers, and Guardians; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Russian Mint to enable Matthezv Boulton, Engineer, to export the Ma- Bl!1' chinery necessary for ercdling a Mint in the Dominions of his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruffias; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Greenland, to continue several Laws relating to the further Support gjj Fl<henes and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the (Expiring-Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the Twenty- Laws-) fifth Day of December One thousand Eight hundred, and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Eight hundred and Six; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act silver Coin for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made in the Bill. Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of Light " Silver Coin, of this Realm, from Foreign Countries,

" into Great Britain or Ireland, and to relbrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sumwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for ex-for exempting certain specific Legacies which shall be emptingeer-given to Bodies Corporate, or other Public Bodies, from from^uty" the Payment of Duty; and also the Legacy of Books, and other1 Articles, given by the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the Trustees of the British Museum; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act British Firtie-to revive and continue, until the End of the next Session rl« Bill, of Parliament, An Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Fits present Majesty, to continue and

8 V amend

726

4° Juki.

A.

1799.

Land Revenue Transfer Bill.

Newfoundland Fisheries BUI.

(Expiring

Law.)

Buckland Road Bill.

North Cropland Inclosure Bill.

Kirkheaton Inciolure Bill.

Pdton Inclo-iure Bill.

Erck's Nat. Bill.

Amendments

0 Cur/.on's, &c. Partition Bid.

Worlington Division and Allotment Bill, with Axuendments,

amend an Act, made in the Tw'enty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the Fish-

" eries;" and to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Fisheries, and improving the SeaCoafts of this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, the Duties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Pay-' master General of His Majesty's Forces; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the Firtl Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Dominions in

Europe; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of aji Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the " Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish " of Act hallt in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike " Road at or near Buckland, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of North Crofsland, in the Parish of in the West

Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing, and leafing or letting certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and applying the Ptofits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, Highway Rate, and Church Rate, within the said Township; and for confirming and establishing the Di-yifion. Allotments, and Inciolure of the Open and Un-inclosed Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Township; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Erck; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the late Honourable Penn AJ'sheton Curzon, deceased, and the Right honourable Thomas Lord Ribblesdale (then Thomas lifter, Esquire) of the Rectory of and

of the Chapels, Glebe Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Tythes, Obventions, Profits, and Hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a Lease from the Lord Arch-bishop of Canterbury, and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, at all Times hereafter, to grant the said Rectory and Premises by Two several Leases, according to the said Partition and Divi-. lion: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack 4

Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths,. Warrens, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Worlington, in the County of Suffolk; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mdlengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Conficleration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Warrens, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hrorlington, in the County of Suffolk.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 23. 1. 22. Leave out "Wharf" and insert " Land -ing Place for the Benefit of the / " Inhabitants of the said Parifo."

1.29.7 Leave out from " Inclosures " to thfe & 30. i End of the Clause.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

The Bril (now ingrossed) to permit the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to permit, until the First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred and Tw'o, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, for a Time to be limited, w'ithout Payment of Duty, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowi:; the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty; to continue in Force until Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Bill (now' ingrossed) for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their Service, was, according to Order, read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty, for a Time to be limited, by Order in Council, to permit such

Goods,

Lords Arnend. ments toWor-lingL n Division and Allotment Bill, agreed to.

House refotves to adjourn to Thursday.

Comraitteti to liL

Hamburgh Naval Stores Bill, passed *

Corn Importation Bill, passed.

East India Company's Ships Bill» passed.

Neutral Ships Bill, paiitd,

39 Geo. III.

11

Julii.

727

Goods, as shall be specified in such Order, to be imported in Ships belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title . be. An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, such Goods, as shall. be specified in such Order, to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

West The House being informed that Mr. John Clementson

B utge,1 pic- (from the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the lentej. River Thames, from the City of , to the oppo-

site Shore in the County of Surrey) attended at the

Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

A Book, intituled, " The Treasurer's Accounts with " the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, for One

Year, from 5th April 1798 to 5th April 1799."

N And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.,

The said Book is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

standing Or- Ordered, That the Standing Orders of this House, of printed. the 25th and 27th Days of June last, be printed.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-

night, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis, ii° Junii;

Anno 39° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

Silt for ap- f)RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in.a Bill

pointing cer- O j-0 enabie fixh Persons as His Majesty may be pleased Serjeant at to appoint to the Office of Chief Justice, or of One of Law, ordered, the Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or One of the Barons of the Exchequer, to take upon themselves the Degree of a Serjeant at Law in Vacation: And that the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Bragge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

jonmal, to be Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the printed. End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Fifty-fourth Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One Thousand Five Hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Ley, Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker 5 and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to nuking an in- ^ajcRy» That he will be graciously pleased to order

dex to the the Sum of Two Hundred and Twenty Pounds to be Votes. advanced to Mr. George for making an Index

to the Votes of this House, of the last Session of Parliament, and for defraying the Expence of printing the fame; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Vol. 54.

The Mailer of the Rolls prest nted 1 t^c House, c- Bill for according to Order, a Bill to enable suchoersons as fts Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the 'fficeof Clvf Serjwnuat Justice, or of One of the Justices of either tench, or f Law< Prclent Chief Baron, or One of the Barons of the Ex^equer, t ed take upon themselves the Degree of a Serjeant it Law i Vacation: And the same was received; and read th First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read- a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. mmitttd.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. , .

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said cotdered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Abbot reported from the Select Committee, who frf were appointed to consider of the Reports of the Minutes R^ns^Act 1 of the Evidence taken by the Committee, to whom the Pipetting Bill for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and also by the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, were severally committed, and who were intruded to receive such further Plans and Observations as may be submitted to them for the Improvement of the Port of London, and for the greater Accommodation and Security of the Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the same, and were empowered to report the fame, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had further considered the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall befufti-cient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Notice being taken that the Account of the Total Account! of Amount of the Balances acknowledged to be due to the ^£"1^., Public upon Accounts delivered into the Office of the and another Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, since °rdercii the 5th of July 1785; and also, the Account of the Balances due to the Public upon declared Accounts, so far as the respective Accounts of the said Balances can be made out, to the 5th of January 1799, together with the Amount and Dates of the Payments which have been made in Discharge thereof, as far as appears by Documents in the Possession of the said Office, which were presented to the House upon the 18th Day of June last, were incomplete;

Ordered, That the said Accounts be withdrawn, and another Account presented inllead thereof.

Ordered,

728

i r

Julii.

A.

1799

Account of

Volin. 1 ary Contributions remitted, ordered.

Ordered there be laid before this House, an Acount oftbAoluntary Contributions that have been Knitted fror^^aces our r ie Kingdom of Great Bri-tM in conf<iuence of an Act:, passed in the last Session

' c Parliamnt» intituled, "An Act for granting to His «Majest an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War."

Address for Revived, That an humble Address be presented to

KCC°bntoff Majesty, requeuing that His Majesty will be gra-n"'roe sin the^ously pleased to give Directions to the Governors of wilt indies. His Majesty's Islands and Plantations in the

to transmit an Account, specifying, as far as the same can be made up, the Total Number of Negroes now in each of such Islands and Plantations respectively, and the Total Number of Births and Deaths (on an Average of the last Three Years) distinguishing what Proportion of those that died were born within such Island or Plantation, or had been imported more than Three Years before, and what Number of thbfe that died had been imported within Three Years of the Time of their Death; together with the Documents on which such Accounts shall be founded, in brder that the same may be laid before this House, early in the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Aniver to Adircfs.

The Lords have agreed to

Corn Importation Bill.

East India Company's

Slave carrying Bill.

Scotch Salt Duty Bill.

Spirit Licences Bill.

Spanish Wool Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, that their Address of the 13th Day of June last (defiringthat His Majesty would be graciously pleased to issue a Commission, under the Great Seal, for examining the Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of the foveral Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of the Courts of Justice of this Kingdom, and for reporting what Regulations may be fit to be established with relped to the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, to continue in Force until Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of Englan, trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Manner of carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Salt made in Scotland, 'and on Salt imported from Scotland into England and Wr , and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Rates of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace for any County to grant Licences to sell Ale, Beer, or other Liquors, by Retail, in Cities and Places where a sufficient Number of Magistrates cannot be found qualified to grant such Licences; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Importation of Wool, in Ships be-

longing to Countries in Amity with His Majesty; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to protect Masters against Embezzlements by their Clerks or Servants; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit Goods, the Produce of any Foreign Colony in America, imported directly from thence in any Ship

or Veil'd, belonging to the Subjects of any Country or Place in Amity with His Majesty, to be entered and landed, without Payment of the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal l'o much of an Act, passed in the' Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End to the Forfeiture of Inheritances upon Attainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purpples, and for better preventing Treasonable and Seditious Practices; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen;' without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to.explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for amending and reducing into One Ad of " Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirtyfourth and Thiuy-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the " City of London, and for the further regulating of the " Trained Bands or Militia of the said City;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Sir William BiJ/iop, George and Argles

Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Geneva; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to contract with the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interested, inacertain Duty of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the iliver 'Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a separate District, for the Purpose of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn;'Without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a 'Funnel or Road under the River Thames, from or near to the Town of Grave fend, in the County of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a new Street from the Haymarket into Charles Street, Saint James's Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminflev, without any Amendment: And also.

The

Bill to protect Mailers from Embezzlement i.

American Goods BilL

Bil! respe&inj Forfeitures for liiirii Trealoa.

Seditious Societies BiiJ.

Bill to prevent Combinations ot Workmen.

Bill to explain and amend London Militia Act.

London Port Bill.

Bill respecting Mai ditone Geneva.

Duke of Richmond's Com-pcn&tionEill.

Edinburgh Corn District Bill.

Thames Tunnel Bill.

Haymarket new Street Bill.

39 Geo. III. n® J 729

Skipton, Ok- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road»^BUl. for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Town of Skipton, to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to the Road leading from to Wether by, in

the West Riding of the County of; without any

Amendment: And also, *

HenfhSl'f The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Smithy Road for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence Sill. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the

Term, and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Hen shall s Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

Wraifcnry The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, inclosure Bill. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Minor of IVyrardisbury, otherwise JVraisbury, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also,

Singlebo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

SreBUlCl° ^or dividins> adott'ng> and inclosing the Open and 1116 ' Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Singleborough, in the Parish of Great Horwood, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also,

Grantehefter _. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act faclofurt Bill ^ord‘v'd^ng' allotting, and inclosing the Open and Com-0 ure 1 mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parishes of Grantchester and Coton, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Argyll Writ. / Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Shire of Argyll, in the room of the Right honourable Lord Frederick Campbell, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke Desborough and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Resolution The House was moved, that the Petition of the feve-respcaingafu- ral Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, tion for Lon-being Merchants and others, residing in or near the

don Dock Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of

wark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, which waspresented to the House upon the 3d Day of December last, and also the Report which was rhade from the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That, in case it shall be thought expedient by the Petitioners to renew their Application to this House, in the next Session of Parliament, for the specific Purposes stated in their said Petition, and no other, this House will deem general Notices of such intended Application, inserted in the London Gazette, and the adjacent County Newspapers (as directed by the First Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) and given at the different Quarter Sessions of the Peace, in the Manner therein directed, to be sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned; and that the Maps or Plans, with the fooks V o l. 54.

of Reference, which have been delivered to the several Clerks of the Peace (in pursuance of the Third Standing Order of the 7th of May 1794) shall be deemed sufficient, without again delivering such Maps and Books.'

Resolved, That, all Persons concerned in Interest, who have been applied to, and have given their Consent to the Bill, which was depending in this House in the Session of Parliament of the Years 1795-6, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for making a Navigable Canal from Blackwall to the said Docks in Wapping, shall be considered as consentingto such Bill as may be brought in upon the like Petition, for the Purposes mentioned in the last Resolution, and no other, unless they shall personally attend the Committee, to whom such Bill may be committed, and express their Diflent, or shall give Certificates in Writing, or other Evidence, of their Dilfent, to be proved to the Satisfaction of such Committee.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- D-i'»teon journed Debate on the Motion made upon the 20th ^!(‘^ngrte,'ie Day of June last, That it appears to this House, that the Public Debt,

Amount of the Public Funded Debt, exiiting on the 5th &c- relumeil> of January 1793, was £. 238,231,248, exclusive of Long and Short Annuities to the Amount of £. 1,373,550> of which Sums, on the ift February 1799, Stock to the Amount of £.28,677,689 had been purchased by, and Annuities to the Amount of £. 119,880' had fallen in to, the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt; reducing the actual Amount of the Debt, existing on 5th January 1793, to £. 209,553,559, and the Annuities to £ 1,253,670.

And the Question was again proposed.

And the previous Question being put. That that Questionspre-Question be now put; V10U *

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amount of the Public Funded Debt, created since the 5th of January 1793 (including the Amount to be created by Sums borrowed in the present Session of Parliament, and eiclusive of £. 7,502,633 Three per Cent. Stock, and £. 230,000 per Annum Annuities, created by Advances to the Emperor of Germany) is £. 225,602,792; exclusive of Long Annuities to, the Amount of £. 302,878 per Annum: — Of which Sums, on the ift of February 1799, £.8,704,082 had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming jthe National Debt; reducing the actual Amount of Debt, created since the 5th of January 1793, to £. 216,898,710; exclusive of Long Annuities to the Amount of £. 302,878 per Annum, after deducting the Annuities payable by Ireland.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Amount of the Public Funded Debt (after deducting the Siam of £.37,381,771 redeemed by, and the Annuities fallen in to, the Commissioners, and exclusive of the Imperial Debt) is £.426,452,269; together with Short Annuities, to the Amount of £. 548,930, and Long Annuities, to the Amount of £. 1,007,612, after deducting the Annuities payable by Ireland;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Sum, applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt, was, on the 5th of January 1793, £.1,427,143, and may, for the Year 1799, be estimated at£- 4»500>000>

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

8 Z It

73° 11° Juki. A. 1799.

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-, posed, That the Permanent Charge incurred by the National Debt, on the 5th of January 1793, was £. 9,325,866per Annum;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Permanent Charge incurred by the Debt, created since the 5th of January 1793 ( exclusive of Interest payable by Ireland ', and including £.316,000, Permanent Interest on Loan of present Session) amounts tn£.S ,247,215 per Annum; and that a further Charge

of £.497.735 per Annum is liable to be incurred, in Default of Payment of the Interest of certain Loans by His Majesty the Emperor of Germany;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;.

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed;That the Unfunded Debt and Demands outstanding (exclusive of Anticipations in the usual Form upon the Land and Malt Taxes) amounted, on the 5th of January 1793, to £. 10,252,534;

And file previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Unfunded Debt and Demands out-star.ding (exclusive of Anticipations in the usual Form upon the Land and Malt Taxes) amounted, on the 5th of January 1799, to £. 1 7,405,974;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Net Produce of the Old Permanent Taxes, existing previous to the War, was, on the 5th of January 1793, £. 14,284,000;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Net Produce of the Old Permanent Taxes, existing previous to the War, was — On the 5th of January 1794,^'. 13,941,000 — On the 5th January 1795, £.13,858,000 — On the 5th January 1796, £. 13,557,000 — On the 5th January 1797, £ 14,292,000-- — On the 5th of January 1798, £. 13,332,000 — On the 5th of January 1799, £. 14,275,000 — And, on the 5th of April

1799» £ HWjS00;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Net Produce of the Taxes imposed since the 5th of January amounted, in the Year ending the 5th of April 1799, to £. 7,272,043;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Value of all Imports into Britain, in the Year ending 5th of January 179^, was £. 19,659,358, and on an Average of S.x Years, ending 5th of January 1793,^. 18,085,390; and that the Fe tal Value of all Imports into Great , in the Year ending 5th of January 1799, was £.25,654,000, and on an Average of Six Years, ending 5th of January 1799, £.22,356,296;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Value of Manufactures

exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending 5th January 1793, was £. 18,336,851, and on an Average, of Six Years, ending 5th of January 1 793, £. 14,771,049; and that the Total Value of Manufactures exported, in the Year ending 5th of January 1799, was £. 19,771,510, and on an Average of Six Years, ending 5th of January 1799, 17»154»323 »

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.'

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Total Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending 5th of January 1793, was £. 6,568,348, and on an Average or Six Years, ending 5th of January 1793, £.5,468,014; and that the Total Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending 5th of January 1799, was £. 13,883,885, and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1799, £.10,753,688;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Total Sum to be raised in Great Britain, in the Year 1799, may be estimated as follows; viz.

— Interest of the Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, and Sinking Fund, on the 5th of January 1799, after deducting the Interest payable' by Ireland - -

— Interest payable for the Imperial Loans -

— Interest, &c. to be incurred and paid between the 5th of January 1799 and the

5th of January 1800, on Stock created by Loans in the present Session, to the Amount of £. 15,500,000 - -

— Interest on Exchequer Bills, estimated to be the same as paid in the Year ending

cth January 1799 -

— The Civil List - -

— Other Charges on the Consolidated Fund, estimated to be the same as incurred

in the Year ending 5th January 1799; and adding £.26,000 Annuities, granted in the present Session of Parliament - -

— Civil Government in Scotland as estimated before

— Pensions upon the Hereditary Revenues, Ditto -

— Militia and Deserters Warrants, Ditto - -

— Bounties for promoting Fisheries, Linen Manufactures, &c. estimated as before — Charges of Management of the Revenue, Ditto -

— Supplies voted for 1799, exclusive of One Million to defray Vote of Credit 1798

— Advance to Ireland -

- Vote of Credit for probable Contingencies -

18,760,024

497>735

566,350

35M47

898,000

239,075 1 u>973

55 400

77 >635 344 076

1 >5 8 9 43 7 29,947,000

3.000. 000

3.000. 000

£-59>443 552

And

2

59 Geo. III. n0 JuiiL 731

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

- A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Gross Receipt of the Revenue (after deducing Re-payments for Over Entries, Drawbacks, and Bounties in the Nature of Drawbacks) amounted, in the Year ending the 5th of January 1799, to £.26,039,046:

That the Tax on Income is estimated to produce a Sum of £. 7,500,000 per Annum:

That the Tax on Imports and Exports may be estimated to produce a Sum of £. 1,500,000:

That Permanent Taxes have been imposed, in the present Session of Parliament, calculated to produce £.316,000; and that, estimating the Gross Receipt of the Revenue to continue the same as in the Year ending the 5th of January 1799, the Total Amount to be raised by Taxes, for the Service of the Year 1799; may be computed at a Sum not lei's than £. 35,355,046;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- ' poled. That it appeal's by the Report of a Committee of this House in 1791, that the actual

Expenditure of the Peace Establishment, (including the Annual Million for £. the Sinking Fund) on an Average of Five Years, ending 5th January 1791, was - 16,816,985

That the additional Permanent Charge incurred by the Debt created since 1793,

exclusive of Interest payable by Ireland, is - - - - 8,247,215

That the additional Charge to be incurred for increased Amount of Exchequer Bills outstanding, is ----- ---- - 55,000

That the additional Charge incurred for Interest on Navy Debt, at £.5 per

Cent, is- -. - -.....- - - 150,000

That the additional Charge incurred on the Consolidated Fund, is - - 145,025-

[. That the additional Charge incurred for a Sum Annually voted for Redemption

of Debt, is- c - - - - 200,000

And that the future Peace Establishment (exclusive of any Charges to be incurred by Interest on Sums to be paid on winding up the Expences of the War, exclusive of any increased Naval or Military EstablHhment, and exclusive of£. 497,000 Interest payable on Imperial Loans) cannot be estimated- ——

at less than - -- -- - - -- - 25,614,225;

And the previous Question being put,1 That that A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Question be now put; posed, That, supposing the War to end with the Year

It passed in the Negative. " 1800, and the same Sum to be borrowed on the Credit

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- of the Tax upon Income for the Service of that Yea,

posed. That the Produce of the Tax on Income, as which has been raised for the Service of the present

appears by an Estimate before this House, may amount Year, Eleven Millions, and to be funded in Three

to£. 7»500,0°o; per Cents, at 60; the Total Amount of Stock to be re-

And the previous Question being put, That that deemed would be £.53,583,000, together with the In-Question be now put; terest payable thereon; and estimating the Produce of

It passed in the Negative. the Tax on Income to be £.7,500,000 per Annum, and

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- calculating the Three per Cents, to remain on an Ave-

posed, That, during the Continuance of the Tax on rage of Six Years after Peace at 70, such Redemption Income, the Expenditure of the Peace Establishment would not be completed before the Month of cannot beeftimatedatlefsthan£.33, H4,225/>^r^»«KOT; 1806; the probable Annual Expenditure during the And the previous Question being put, That that first Six Years of Peace would therefore be upwards of Question be now put; £.33,000,000, exclusive of any Charges to be incurred

It passed in the Negative. for Sums to be paid on winding up the Expences of

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- the War, exclusive of any Increase in the Naval or Mi-

posed. That the Amount of Three per Cent. Stock to litary Establishments beyond those of the last Peace, be redeemed, together with the Annual Interest thereon, by the Tax on Income, is £.35,250,000;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, supposing the War to end with the Year 'i 799, the Three per Cents, to remain, on an Average of Three Years after Peace, at 70, and the Tax on Inr

come to produce £.7,500,000 per Annum, the Sum of pursuant) to their Order, .

£.3 5,25o,oo°, together with the Interest payable thereon. An Account of the Voluntary Contributions in Aid would not be redeemed before the Month of November of Government, that have been remitted from Places 1803; out of the Kingdom of Great Britain.

And the previous Question being put, That that And then he withdrew.

Question be now put; , And the Title of the said Account was read.

It passed in the Negative. The said Account is as followeth; viz.

and exclusive of the Interest payable on the Imperial Loans;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put,

' It passed in the Negative.

The House being informed that Mr. AJlett (from -Account of the Bank of England) attended at the Door, he was coluribZ called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, tions, pt-e-

.Vol. 54,

: As

73«

ii Juki. A. 1799.

An ACCOUNT of the Voluntary Contributions, in Aid of Government, that have been remitted from Places

out of the Kingdom of Great Britain.

v *

East Indiet -

Jamaica

West Indies

Copenhagen

Philadelphia

Hamburgh

Vienna

Eljyieur

New York

Bay of Honduras

Madeira -

Smyrna

Nova Scotia

Gibraltar -

Russia

Lisbon

Bujforak

Cape Coast Castle

Bank of England, nth July 1799.

£. I. d. 196,548 IO 7 62,883 7 6

3^3 x.° 3 4

120 ——

200 ——

220 ——

510 ——

100 — —

5° ——

15 5 "

25° ——

5°° ——

7,212 19 4

6,143 7 6

4,533 4 4

10,318 7 11

500 ——

549 7 5

320,965 2 11

A. Newland, Chief Cashier.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

\ ,

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Cobbe (from tifi«Tb' CCr Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts)

Commission- attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the «r» of Public Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.' ' An Account of all Balances certified by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts to the Treasury, upon Accounts delivered into their- Office since the 5th July 1785, previous to the Examination of such Accounts; as also, of the Sums received or recovered previous to the said Accounts being stated to the Treasury, or declared, together with the Balances due to the Public upon such declared Accounts; and also, of the Money paid into the Exchequer since the Declaration of the said Accounts, as appears by Documents in the Possession of this Office, up to 3th January 1799.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use , of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved'amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Irving (from ^certain111' ^ie Commissioners of Excite in Scotland) attended at Counties in the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Scotland, to the House, pursuant to their Order, pie cntc . An Account of the Gross and Net Amount of all the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in the Districts or Collections of Argyle North, ArgyleSouth, and Caithness (together

with the Duties for Orkney, Zetland, and the Weilern lllands, while under Composition); distinguishing each Tax and District, from 5th July 1784 to 5th July 1798.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

1

An ingossed Bill to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be plfafed to appoint to the Office of Chief Justice, or of One of the Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or One of the Barons of the Exchequer, to take upon themselves the Degree of a Serjeant at Law in Vacation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the Office of Chief Justice, or of One of t;he Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or One of the Barons of the Exchequer, to take upon themselves the Degree of a Serjeant at Law in Vacation. \

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bragge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Income, Expenditure, and Commerce of the Country, and of the Progress which has been made, and may be expected to be made, in the Reduction of the National Debt, and the preventing the Accumulation thereof in future, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Amount of the Public Funded Debt was, on the 5th of January 1786,^.238,231,248; exclusive of

Long and Short Annuities and Annuities for Lives, to the‘Amount of £. 1,373,550: — That, on the ift of February 1793, Stock to the Amount of 10,242,100 had been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming the National Debt; and Annuities to the Amount of £.79,880 had fallen in, and had been carried to their Account; reducing the actual Amount of the Debt, on the 5th of January 1793, to £.227,989,148,

and

Bill for ip. pointing certain Persons Serjeants at Law, paired.

Report on Public Income and Expenditure.

39 Geo;III. n° Julii. 733

and the Annuities to £.1,2.93,670: — And that, 09 the of which, £. 1,981,653 Was provided for in the present lft of February 1799, Stock to the Amount of Session of Parliament, leaving an Unfunded Debt of £.28,677,689, had been purchased by the Commif- £.12,^76,033; which Increase of £.3,250,611, beyond sioners for redeeming the National Debt; and Annui- the Amount of the Unfunded Debt on the 5th ot ties to the Amount of £.119,880 had fallen in, and tiuary 1793, is occasioned chiefly from an Addition ot been carried to their Account; reducing the actual £.1,000,000 Exchequer Bills, and of an additional < Amount of Debt exilting before the War, on the xft Navy Debt, arising from increased Demands during of February 1799, to£.209,553,559, and the Annuities the War, and bearing no Interest. , to £.1,253,670. , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, exist-that the Amount of the Public Funded Debt Created ing on the 5th of ''January 1784, then amounted to finee the 1 ft of February 1793 (including {he Amount £.10,194,259; and that Taxes were afterwards im-to be created by Sums borrowed in the present Section poled, to defray the Expences of the War ending in of Parliament, and exclusive of £.7,502,633 Three per 1783, amounting in 1786 to £.938,000; making to-Cent. Stock, and £.230,000 per Annum Annuities, getiier £. 11,132,000.

created by Advances to the Emperor of Germany) was , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

£.225,602,792, exclusive of Long Annuities to the That the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes, exist-Amount ot£. 283,206 per Annum , of which£. 12,175,000 ing previous to the Year 1784, adding thereto about

is on Account of Ireland, and£.35,250,000 is provided £.938,000, impoied, as above flated, in 1784 and for by the Tax on Income; leaving a Permanent Debt 1785, and £.137,000 arising from the Consolidation of £.178,177,000 charged on Great Britain: — And Act and Duties imposed in 1789, was, on the 5th of that, on the ift'of February 1799, £ 8,704 082 had ‘January 1793, £.14,284,000: On the 5th of been purchased by the Commissioners for redeeming nr.ary 1794, £.13,941,000: On the 5th of January the National Debt; reducing the said Permanent Debt, 1795, £.13,858,000: On the 5th of 1796,

created since the 5th of January 1 793,to £. 169,473,000, x3,557,0 o: Oni4ie5thof7rf«<M>;y 1797,£.i4,292,oooo: exclusive of Long Annuities to the Amount of£. 283,206 O11 the 5th of 1798, £.13,332,000: On the

per Annum, after deducting the Annuities payable by 5th of January 1799, £.14,275,000: And, on the 5th Ireland. of 1799, £. 14,574,300: — Which last Sum, (after

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, deducting the Duties anting from the Consolidation That the Total Amount of the Permanent Funded Debt Act, and those impoied in 1789) exceeds the Net Pro-charged on Great Britain (after deducting the Sum of duce of the Permanent Taxes on 5th January 1784, to-£ 37 3^1 »771 redeemed by, and, the Annuities fallen getlier with that of the Taxes impoied in 1784 and into, the Commissioners) was, on the lft: of February 1785, by £.3,305,000.

1799, £.386,902,000, together with Short Annuities Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to the Amount of £.549,130, and Long Annuities to That the actual Net Produce of the Taxes, imposed the Amount of £.987,947, after deducting the Annui- since the 5th of January 1793, amounted, in the Year ties provided for by Ireland. ending the 5th of 1799, to £.7,272,043; and that,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commitfee, on. Part of theie Taxes, the Produce for One Year has That the Sum Annually applicable to the Reduction not yet been received, and no Part of those imposed in of the National Debt, in pursuance of the Act passed the present Year, estimated at £.316,000. in 1786, was£.1,000.000, being about One-238ch Part Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of the Capital of the Permanent Debt then ^xifting; That the Total Value of all Imports into Great Britain, and for 1793 was£. 1,427,143, being about One-i6oth in the Year cnding5th of 1784, was £.13,122,235;

Part of the Permanent Debt existing in 1793; and and on an Average of Six Years, ending 5th of may, for the Year 1799, be estimated at £.4,500,000, 17S4, was£.i 1,690,829: — That the Total Value of all

being about One-86th Part of the permanent Debt ex- Imports into Great in the Year ending the 5th

iftir.g in 1799. of 1793, was £.19,659,358; and on an Average

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was That the Annual Charge inccurred on Account of the £.18,685,390: — That the Total Value of all Imports Permanent Debt, on the 5th of January 1786, was into Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of January £.9,297,000, before any Fund was created applicable to 1799, was £.25,654,000, making an Increase, as com-the Reduction of the Debt; and, on the 5th of January pared with 17 83, of £.12,531,765; and with 1792, of 1793, Was £-10,325,000, including £.1,000,000 ap- £.5,994,642; and on an Average of Six Years, ending plicable to the Reduction of the Debt. the 5th of 1799, was£.22,356,296; making an

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Increase, as compared with the Average to January 5th That the Annual Charge incurred on Account of the 1784, of £.10,665,467, and with the Average to January Permanent Debt created since the 5th of January 1793 5th, 1793, of £.3.670,906.

(including £.316,000 Permanent Interest: on Loan of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the present Session) amounts to £.8,246,215 per Annum-, That the Total Value of Manufactures, exported

of which £.6,426,755 is for Interest, Annuity, and from Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th of Ja-Charges of Management, and £.1,819,460 applicable nuary 1784, was £.10,409,713; and on an Average of to the Reduction of Debt: And that a further Charge Six Years, ending 5th of 1784, was£.8,6i6,66o:

of £.497,73 5 per Annum is guaranteed by Parliament, — That the Total Value of British Manufactures ex-

in Default of Payment of the Interest of certain Loans ported from Great Britain, in the Year endirtg the 5th by his Majesty the Emperor of Germany. of January 1793, was £.18,336,851; and on an Ave-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, rage of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, That the Outstanding Demands on the 5th of January £.14,771,049: — That the Total Value of British Ma-1793 amounted to £.1,327,112, and, on the 5th of nufactures exported from Great in the Year

January 1799, to £. 3,367,541; the Whole of which have ending the 5th of 1799, was £.19,771,510; mak-

been provided for, Part thereof in the former Section of ing an Increase, as compared with 1783,0! £.9,36 r,797; Parliament, and the Remainder in the present Session. and with 1792, of £.1,434,659; and on an Average

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of Six Years, ending 5th of January 1799, was

That the Unfunded Debt (exclusive of the Anticipa- £.17,154,323; making an Increase, as compared with tion in the usual Form upon the Land and Malt Tax) the Average to January 5th, 1.784, of £.8,537,663,

on the 5th of January 1793 amounted to£.8,925,422; and with the Average to January 5th, 1793, of

and, on the 5th of January 1799, -to £.14,137,686; £.2,383,274.

Vol. 54. , 9 A Resolved,

4

734 ii 0 Julii. 1799.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Total Amount of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain, in the Year ending the 5th ot January 1784, was £.4,332,909; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1784, was £.4,263,930: — That the Total Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great , in the Year end-

ing the 5th of January 1793, was £ 6,568,000; and on an Average of Six Years, ending the 5th of January 1793, was £.5,468,014: — That the Total Value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great , in

the Year ending the 5th of January 1799, was £.14,028,000; making an Incteafe, as compared with 1783, of £.9,695,091; and with 1792, of £.7,460,000; and on an Average of Six Years, ending 5th of January 1799, was £.10,791,000; making an Increase, as compared with the Average to January 5th, 1784, of £.6,527,070, and with the Average to January 5th,

1793 ^-5,322,986.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Total Sum to be raised in Great Britain, in the Year 1799, maybe estimated as follows; viz.

Interest of Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, £. and Sinking Fund, on 5th of January 1799, after deducing Interest payable by Ireland - 18,762,024

Interest, &c. to be incurred and paid between 5th of January 1799 and 5th of January 1800, on Stock created by Loans in the present Session, to the Amount of £.15,500,000 - - - 510,000

Interest on Exchequer Bills, estimated to be the same as paid 'in the Year to 5th January 1799, including £.204,812 on Land and Malt - - 356,847

The Civil List - 898,000

Other Charges on Consolidated Fund, estimated to be the same as incurred in the Year ending 5th January 1799, and adding £.26,000 for Annuities granted in the present Session of Parliament ----- 239,075

Civil Government of Scotland, estimated as before - - 111,973

Pensions on Hereditary Revenue, - - - D" - - - 55,400

Militia and Deserters Warrants, — - D - - - 77 635

Bounties for promoting Fisheries, Linen Manufactures, &c.

estimated as before - 344,076

Charge's of Management of the Revenue, - - - estimated

as before.....1,589,437

C-

Making the Total of Permanent Charges to be defrayed out of the Grofs} ,

Receipt of Permanent Revenue - - - 44,4 7

Supplies voted for 1799, exclusive of £.1,000,000 to defray

Vote of Credit 1798 - - - - £.29,947,000

Advance to Ireland - - - - 3,000,000

Vote of Credit for pfobable Contingencies - 3,000,000

Interest payable for Imperial Loans - - 497,735

Making together for the Service of the Year 1799 - 36,444,735

And making in the Whole the Sum of ----- '£ 59,389,201

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Gross Receipt of the Permanent Revenue (after deducting Re-payments for Over Entries, Drawbacks, and Bounties in the £. Nature of Drawbacks) amounted, in the Year ending the 5th of April x 799, to - 26,773,000

That the Tax on Income is estimated to produce, for the Year £.

1799, a Sum of - - - - - 7,300,000

That the Tax on Imports and Exports may be estimated to produce a Sum of - - - - 1,500,000

That further Sums are applicable to the Service of the Year 1799, as follows:

7th Instalment on Aid 1798 - - - 650,000

Surplus of Consolidated Fund in Hand on 5th April - 521,000

Re-payments from Greneda, Imprefts, and Lottery - - 1,200,000

And that the Remainder of the Supply for the Year 1799,

is provided for by a Loan on Account of Great Britain, of 15,500,000 And a Loan for Ireland, of - - - 3,000,000

And by Exchequer Bills to be issued on the Vote of Credit 3,000,000

----- -- h 32,871,000

Making in the Whole the Sum of - -- -- - £.59,644,000

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, estimating the Gross Receipt of the Permanent Revenue to continue the same as in the Year ending the 5th April 1799, and adding thereto the Permanent Taxes imposed in this Session of Parliament, calculated to produce £.316,000, the Total Amount to be raised

by Permanent and Temporary Taxes, for the Service of the Year 1799, may be computed at the Sum of £.36,089,000.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, by a Report of a Committee of this House, in 1791, that the actual Expenditure (including

the

1

39 Geo. III. 11° Julii. 735

the Annual Million for the Reduction of the Public Expences for the Armament of 1787, and for Pay-Debt) on an Average of Five Years of Peace, ending ments to American Loyalists, and other Articles of aTcm-5th of January 1791, and including sundry extraordinary porary Nature, amounted to - £. 16,816,985.

But the Peace. Establishment was estimated by the said Committee at - - 15,969,178

And that the Expence of the Year 1792 amounted nearly to that Sum:

That the additional Permanent Charge incurred by the Debt created fmce 1793, ex- '

elusive of Interest payable by Ireland, is ----- - - 8,247,215

That the additional Charge to be incurred for increased Amount of Exchequer Bills

Out {landing is - - - - - 55,000

Interest on Money for satisfying increased Navy Debt at Three per Cent, at £.75. - 120,000

That the additional Charge incurred on the Consolidated Fund, is - - - - 131,650

That the additional Charge incurred for a Sum annually voted for the Redemption of

Debt, is - - - - 200,000

And that the future Peace Establishment (exclusive of any Charges to be incurred by Interest on Sums to be paid on winding up the Expences of the War, and of the Increase which may take place in the Naval or Military Establishments, and also exclu- t five of £.497,000, Interest on Loans due by the Emperor of , and guaranteed

by Parliament) may be estimated at ----- -- £.24,723,04.3

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, age £.80, and the Produce of the T ax on Income to That the Produce of the Tax on Income was originally ' be £.10,000,000, this Capital would be discharged in estimated at £. 10,000,000; and that it is highly im- about Four Years and an Half from the ^th April 1801, portant, for insuring the full Benefit of the System or nearly at Michaelmas 1805; but, supposing the Tax now adopted, that effectual Measures should be taken on Income to produce only £.7,500,000, the same Capi-for rendering it productive to that Amount. 1 tal will not be redeemed till near Michaelmas 1807:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And that, during those Periods respectively, the An-That, during the Continuance of the Tax on Income, nual Expenditure (exclusive' of any Charges which may after the Conclusion of the War, if the Produce in aril'e from winding up the Expences of the War, or from future Years should amount, as so estimated, to any Increase in the Naval and Military Establishments £. 10,000,000, the Total Annual Expenditure may be beyond those of the last Peace, but including the Extra-estimated at about £.34,600,000, including therein the ordinary Sums tq be applied, as above stated, to the Re-said Sum of £.10,000,000, applicable Annually (over demption of Debt,) would be about £.34,600,000, and above all other Sums in the Hands of the Com- of the Supposition of the Tax on Income producing missioners) to the Reduction of Debt. £. 10,000,000, and £. 32,100,000, on the Supposition of

Resolved,-That it is the Opinion of this Committee, its producing £.7,500,000.

That the Amount of Three per Cent. Stock created in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Years 1798 and 1799, and of which the Interest That the Sums necessary to be raised by Loans, for the is to be defrayed, and the Principal to be redeemed, by Service of the Year 1798, 1799, and 1800 (supposing the Tax on Income, is £.35,250,000. the System for railing such a Proportion of the Supplies,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, as is before stated, within the Year, had not been adopt-That, supposing the War to end with the Year 1799, ed)must have been estimated as follows: the Three per Cent. Stock to remain, on an Average of For 1798 — about — £. 21,500,000 t

Three Years after Peace, at £.80, and the Tax on In- 1799 — about — 24,000,000

come to produce £.10,000,000 per Annum, the Ca- 1800 — about — 25,000,000

pital Stock of£-35s25o,oooo, together with the Interest Which, supposing the Price of Stocks to have been at payable thereon, would be redeemed about the Month £.45, would have created a Capital of £.160,000,000, of April 1803; but, supposing the Tax on Income to 1 Three per Cent. Stock, and a Permanent Charge (includ-produce hereafter only £.7,500,000 (as estimated for ing One per Cent, for the Reduction, of the Capital) of the present Year), the same Capital will not be re- £. 6,200,000 Annually; which, supposing the Capital deemable till about the Month of April 1805. to be redeemed in about Forty Years, would amount,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in the Whole, to £. 248,000,000 Sterling, to be ulti-That, supposing the War to continue during the Year mately paid by the Public.

1800, the Expence to be the same as in the present , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Year; £. 10,000,000 to be raised within the Year by the That for every Year of the War which might hereafter Tax on Income, and £.1,500,000 by Imports and Ex« take place, supposing the Expence thereof to amount to ports, in Addition to the ul'ual Sums in lieu of the Land £. 25,000,000, to" be defrayed by Loans, and the Price of and Malt, to the Lottery, and to £.3,400,000, which the Three per Stock to be at £. 50, a Permanent may be calculated to be the Produce of the Consoli- Charge would be incurred for the Interest, and One per dated Fund (including Imprefts and Re-payments ex- Cent, on the Capital, amounting to £. 2,000,000, to respected in 1800), a Loan will be requisite to the Amount main for a Period, which may be estimated to be about of about £. 15,000,000, which (taking the Three per Cents Forty Years: And that the Charge which would so be at £.60) will produce a Capital of about £.25,500,000; incurred for any Five Years of War (on the same Suppo-of which (according to the Plan pursued in the present fition) would require Permanent Taxes to the Amount Year) about £.17,000,000 would be on the Credit of of £.10,000,000; being equal to the Amount of the the Tax on Income; making together, with the similar estimated Produce of the Temporary Tax, which, ac-Capital created in 1798 and 1799, in the Whole, Capi- cording to the Plan now pursued, is imposed upon In-tal Stock to the Amount of £.52,000,000, to be redeem- come.

ed after the Peace, by the Tax on Income: , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

' That, supposing the War to end at the Conclusion of That the Total Permanent Charge, for defraying the Ex-the Year 1800, and the Price of the Three per Cent.Stock pences of the Years 1798, 1799, and 1800, according to to be, during the first Fiye Years of Peace, on an Aver- the Plan now adopted, may be computed as follows: Vol. 54. In

736

ii° J

A. 17 99.

In 1798, Interest and Charges of £.7,000,000, beyond what was borrowed on Credit of the Aid and Contribution ——

In 1799, on £.4,500,000, beyond what was borrowed on Credit of Tax on Income In 1800, on £. 5,000,000, estimated to be borrowed in like Manner, at £.60 - -

Making together - -

L.

577.000

316.000

323.000

£.1,206,000

Which, supposing the Principal to be redeemed, as before, in Forty Years, would amount to - - - r

And adding thereto, for the Year x 798, raised within the Year by Aid and Voluntary Contributions, and Duty on Exports and Imports For 1799 — By Taxon Income, and Duty on Imports and Exports -And for 1800, estimated to be raised in like Manner -

And also the Produce of the Tax on Income, estimated as before, during Four Years and an Half of Peace, for the Redemption of £. 52,000,000 Capital Would make the whole Sum ultimately paid on Account of the Expences of

these Three Years - - £.120,740,000

Being Icfs than the Charge estimated to be created, by defraying the like Efcpences by Loans as before stated, by the Sum of above - - - £. 128,000,000 Sterling.

48.240.000

7.000. 000

9.000. 000

11.500.000

- 45,000,000

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, supposing the Price of Three Cent. Stock, to be on an Average, after the Year 1800, £.90 in Time of Peace, and £. 75 in Time of War, and the Proportion of Peace and War to be nearly the same as in the Course of the last One Hundred Years, the Average Price of Peace, and War would be about £.85. The Fund applicable to the Reduction of Debt, existing previous to 1793, will have reached its greatest Amount in 1808: The Whole of the Capital of Debt created in each Year of the present War will be redeemed in about Forty Years from such Year respectively; and the Whole of the Capital Debt, existing previous to 1793, will be redeemed , in about Forty-seven Years from the present Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from the Year 1808 to 1833 (at which Time the Capital Debt created in the First Year of the present War would be redeemed, and the Taxes applicable to the Charges thereof would become disposeable) Taxes would be set free in the Course of each Year of Peace (on the JSupposition of the Price of Stocks before stated) to the Amount of £.133,000, and in each Year of War . to the Amount of £.168,000; making (on the Proportion of Peace and War above stated} the Total Amount of Taxes let free during that Period £.4,284,000: — That the Amount of the Sum Annually applicable to the Reduction of Debt would, in the Course of the same Period, gradually rife from £.5,000,000 to about £. 10,400,000, and may, at a Medium, be computed at £.7,700,000: — That the Permanent Loan to be borrowed in each Year of War during the same Period, would, according to the System now adopted, amount to the same Sum: — That the Interest, and One per Cent, on the Capital, of such Loan, may, for every such Year of War, be computed at about £.410,000; and the Total Charge thereof would, on the Supposition above stated, amount to £.5,300,000; exceeding the Amount of the Taxes, which would be set free in the same Period, by about £. 1,000,000.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, supposing the Charges occasioned by each Year of War during the Period before stated, and the Sums raised within the Year, to remain as computed for the Year 1800, the total Amount of that Part of the Loan necessary for the Service of every such Year (which, according to the Plan now adopted, will be to be raised on the Credit of the Tax on Income) will be gradually decreasing during the Whole of the Period, in proportion as the Sums, applicable in each Year to the Reduction of Debt, increase; and that the Period for which the Tax on Income must afterwards continue in Time of Peace, on Account of each Year of War, will decrease in like Manner.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That (on the Suppositions before stated) Taxes equal to 3

the Amount of the Charge created during each Year of the present WTar will be successively set free from the Year 1833 to 1840 inclusive, to the Amount, in the Whole, of about £.8,500,000: — That Taxes to the Amount of nearly £.2,000,000 will also be set free from the Year 1833 to 1846, inclusive, and farther Taxes, to the Amount of £.4,200,000 (being the Sum applicable from 1808 to the Reduction of Debt existing previous to 1793) will be set free about 1846, when the Whole of the said Debt is estimated to be redeemed; making, in the Whole (together with the Taxes before stated to be set free from 1808 to 1833)near£. 19,000,000 of Taxes set free up to 1846.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, supposing the same Number of Years of , War to 1846, at the same Rate of Expence, the Sums necessary to be raised by Loans for defraying the same (if the System for raising a Portion of the Supplies within the Year, as stated, should not be adopted) would amount, in each Year of the War, to about £.25,000,000, the Whole to about £.450,000,000 Sterling; which (supposing the Price of Three per Cents, to be £.50 on an Average of War) would amount to £.900,000,000 Capital Stock, and the Interest and Charges of One per Cent.to £.36,000,000 per Annum-, which, after deducting about £.19,900,000 Taxes, estimated to be set free within the same Period, would require an Increase of £. 17,000,000 of Permanent Taxes beyond those now existing.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second < .

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to con- ^j"yntothe fer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. P William Busby, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,

39 Geo. lit 120 Julii.

737

Royal AfTcnt to Bills *

Veneris, 12° afo Julii \

Anno 39 Georgii III"' Regis, 1799. Pratirs.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Yeoman Ulher of

the Black llod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Afient to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission 'read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of , His Royal High-

ness the Duke of Kent, His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, His Royal Highness the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbuthe Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl , named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine: .

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine:

An Act for repealing the Duties on Salt made in Scotland, and on Salt imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act for the more secure Conveyance of Ship Letters, and for granting to His Majesty certain Rates of Postage thereon:

An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand Eight hundred, and amend an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Distilleries in the several Parts of the Highlands of Sco, for a limited Time, and for regulating the Duties on Distilleries in the respective Districts in Scotland; and for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Spirits distilled for Consumption, and a Duty on unmalted Grain used in Distillation, in Scotland:

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, on the Credit of such Monies as shall arise by virtue of an Act of this Session, for granting certain Duties on Income:

An Act for altering the Period of making up the Annual Account of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper:

Vol. 54.

An Act to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties " imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid and Contribution for " the Prosecution of the War, and to make more " effectual Provision for the like Purpose, by granting " certain Duties upon Income in lieu of the said Duties," so far as relates to the Assessments made upon Trustees, Agents, Receivers, and Guardians:

An Act for exempting certain specific Legacies which shall be given to Bodies Corporate, or other Public Bp-dies, from the Payment of Duty, and also the Legacy of Books, and other Articles, given by the Will of the late Reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the Truf-toes of the British Museum:

An Act for ascertaining the Rate of Duty to be paid for Retail Spirit Licences, and for authorizing the Justices of the Peace, for any County, to grant Licences to sell Ale, Beer, or other Liquors, by Retail, in Cities and , Places where a sufficient Number of Magistrates cannot be found qualified to grant such Licences:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also so much of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as puts an End so the Forfeiture of Inheritances, upon Attainder of Treason, after the Death of the Pretender and his Sons:

An Act to enable Matthew Boulton, Engineer; to export the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the Dominions of his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of all the Russias:

An Act for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin, of this Realtn> from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, and to " restrain the Tender (hereof beyond a certain Sum,"

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of February One thousand Eight hundred and Three, an Adti made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties " granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of " His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for " travelling Poll, and by Time, to such Persons as should " be willing to contract for the fame

An Act to permit Goods, the Produce of any Foreign Colony in America, imported directly from thence in any Ship or Vess'cl, belonging to the Subjects of any Country or Place in Amity with His Majesty, to be entered and landed, without Payment of the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better Pro-tedlion of the Trade of this Kingdom:

An Act to ascertain the Salary of the Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine:

An Act to allow the Importation of Spanish Wool in Ships belonging to Countries in Amity with His Majesty:

An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for Seditious and Treasonable Purposes, and for better preventing Treasonable and Seditious Practices: .

An Act for better regulating the Manner of carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Aftica

An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen:

An Act to continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His pre»

9 B lent

7^8

12 Julii.

sent Majesty, as permits Sir William

and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of L

ft one Geneva:

An Act for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, the Duties now performed in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and for directing the Mode of attesting the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces:

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to contract with the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute Purchase of the Property of

the said Duke, and all others interested, in a certain Duty of Twelve Pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compensation for the fame, by Way of Annuity payable out uf the Consolidated Fund s

An Act for erecting the County of Edinburgh into a separate District, for the Purpose of regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn:

An Act to encourage the Trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient Mode of performing Quarantine, and for reducing the Duty, granted by an Act of the last Session, on Goods the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Place within the Streights.

of Gibraltar:

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's , until the

45th Day of December One thousand Eight hundred, and to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, until the 25th Day of March, One thousand Eight hundred and Six:

An Act to revive and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more effeduaf Encouragement of the British Fisheries ;M and to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom 1

An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of January One thousand Eight hundred and One, the Bounties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Bri-tifkDominions in Europe:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, to continue in Force until Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament:

An Act for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled) " An Act for amending, and reducing into " One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, paired in " Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of " His present Majesty, for the better ordering the Militia of the City of London, and for the further regulating the Trained Bands, or Militia, of the said " City -

An Act for making Allowances, in certain Cafes, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, in Time of Peace:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King the Second, intituled,

" An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions " to a certain Number of Foreign Protestants, who " have served Abroad as Officers or Engineers, to ad

1799;

" and rank as Officers or Engineers) itl America only, " under certain Restrictions and Qualifications

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Twenty- sixth and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other Persons, towards the completing of the said Militia i

An Act to protect Maftefs against Embezzlements by their Clerks or Servants:

An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London:

An Act for enabling the Haven Company to

finish and complete the Navigation of the said Haven, and for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the Haven of the Town and Port of Great , in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation to repay, into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Sum advanced to them for the Purpose of completing the said Navigation; for repealing so much of an Act, of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the said Company, and for enabling the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to advance Part of the Sum so to be received to the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal, on certain Conditions:

An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Prefen-tation of or to the new Chapel of Cradley, in that Part of the Parish of Halesowen which lies in the County and Diocese oi Worcester, and for other Purposes:

An Act for making and maintaining aTunnel or Road, under the River Thames, from or near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, to a near to 'Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex:

An Act for making a new Street from the into Charles Street, Saint James's Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminster:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cheadle, through Alveton, to the Uttoxeterand Turnpike Road, at

or near Quickshill Bank; and also, the Road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter Turnpike Road) at Bear's Brook, through Ho/lington, to the said Uttoxeter and Ashborne Turnpike Road, at or near the Churnet Bridge at Rocester, in the County of Stafford, to continue in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

An Act to continue, for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike " Road, in the Parish of Aflkall, in the County of " ford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the " County of Berks

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County:

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Terpi, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's

lteign,

.$9 Geo. III. 126

Reign, for repairing the Road frortl the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road from Leeds to Riport, near in the Township of Bilton with and from

thence to the Road leading from to We~

tierbj, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for enabling William Stephen Esquire,

and the Honourable Elizabeth Mary his Wife, to charge the Estates late of the Right honourable George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague, deceased, in the County of

Sufsex, with a competent Sum of Money for improving the same, and for other Purposes:

An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between the late Honourable Penn Afsheton Curzoa, deceased, and the Right honourable Thomas Lord Ribblesdale (then Thomas Esquire) of

the Rectory of V/halley, and of the Chapels, Glebe Lands, Messuages, Tenements, Tythes, Obventions, Profits, and Hereditaments, thereto belonging, now held under a Lease from the; Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and for that Purpose to enable the said Lord Archbishop and his Successors, at all Times hereafter, to grant the said Rectory and Premises by Two several Leases, according to the said Partition and Division;

An Act for vesting a Piece of Ground and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Mary , in the City

of London, belonging to the Parish of Saint Maryle in Abraham Robarts, William Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles Hornyold, of the said City of , Bankers and

Copartners, in Fee Simple, upon Payment of the Sum of One Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Pounds, upon Trust, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned, for the Support of a Lecturer, and for better regulating the Appointment of the said Lecturer:

An Act for enabling Trustees to convey, pursuant to a Contraft of Sale already entered into, an Estate at wood, in the Parish of Rickmer, in the County of Herts, late belongi ng to Sir David Lindsay, Baronet, deceased, devised in strict Settlement, by a Codicil to his Will, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, with Power of leafing the Estates to be settled: ,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of -ford and Dryffte'td, in the County of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com- . mons or Waste' Grounds within or belonging to the Manor of King's Bromley, and also certain Open Mea-

dows or Lands within the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley aforesaid, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cumberworthwith Cumberworth Half, in the

Parishes of Silkjione and Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of North Crofsland, in the Parish of bury, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for inclosing, and leafing orletting certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the \Vest Riding of the County of Tcr£, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, Highway Rate, and Church Rate, within the said Township; and for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotments, and Inclosure of the Open and Un-inclosed Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands, within the said Township:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and allotting the Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Warrens, Fens, Vol. 54.

Julil 739

Commons, apd Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Worlington, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Singleborough in the Parish of Great Horwood, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds lying in the Parishes of Grantchester and Coton, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Wyrardiflury, otherwise Wraifbury, in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for naturalizing George Erck.

The House being informed that Mr. Owen (from the Directors of the East India Company) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing the Amount of the Imports to, and Exports from, the several Presidencies in India, for Three Years past, so far as the same can be made up from the Materials in the Possession of the East India Company; distinguishing what has been imported and exported through the Channel of the Shipping of the Company, either on their own Account, or on the Account of Private Traders; also what has been imported or exported by the Shipping of other Countries.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Walker-:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Sums of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also. The Lends have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, such Goods as shall be specified in such Order to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the Office of Chief Justice, or of one of the Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or one of the Barons of the Exchequer, to take upon themselves the Degree of a Serjeant at Law in Vacation; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit, until the First Day of August One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Parts of Germany; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Time

and

Account of Imports and Exports from the Presidencies in India, presented.

The Lords have agreed to

Consolidated Fund Bill.

Neutral Ships Bill.

Bill For appointing certain Perl on Serjeants at Law.

Hamburgh Naval Stores Bill, with an Amendment *

Bill to amend Land Tax Redemption Act, with Amendments *

Militia Reduction, &c. Bill, with Amendments *

74

12° Julii.

A.

1199

Bast India 0 Company's Recruiting Bill, with Amendments,

Judges Salary Bill, with Amendments,

Small Notes Duty Bill, with Amendments.

Westminster Court House Bill, with Amendments.

Globe Insurance Office Bill, with Amendments.

Pampisford Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Lords Amend-ment to Hamburgh Naval Stores Bill, agreed to.

Lords Amendments to Judpes Salaries Bill, agreed to.

and in the Manner therein limited, for enabling His Majesty more eflfe&ually to increase His Regular Forces for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, and for amending the Laws relating to the Militia; with some Amend ments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the India Company; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster , and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts, on their Resignation of their respective Offices; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes for. small Sums of Money; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the other Public Business of the said City and Liberty; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by Charter, a Company to be called " The Globe insurance ,"

for insurance on Livts, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pampisford, in the County of Cambridge-, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit, until the First Day of One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. i. 1‘. 23. After " Hamburgh "insert -

" men."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in IV eflminfl Hall, and for enabling

His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts, on their Resignation of their respective Offices.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 3. After " Hall" insert "and also of the " Lords of Session, Lords Commit " sioners of Justiciary, and Barons of " Exchequer in Scotland."

1. 5. After " Courts" insert " of Westminster; < " Hall."

- And it appearing to the House, that the said Amendments were only to correct an Omission which had been made in the Title of the Bill, respeifting the Scotch Judges; the Bill itself containing all the Provisions which are set forth in the Title, as amended by the Lords;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr- ^raZZe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Houfi? hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LordiAnead.' Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, j® fu>

An Act for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by Office Bill, Charter, a Company, to be called " The Globe insurance aSrecd to *

" Company," for insurance on Lives, and against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 22. 1. 23. After " the" insert " said."

1. 26. Leave out from " Corporation " to the End of the Clause.

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the LonUAmend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for the Reduction of the Militia Forces at the duftion, &c. Time, and in the Manner therein limited, for enabling Bill, agreed to His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, and for amending the Laws relating to the Militia.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr.

6. 1. 23. 1. 29.

Leave out " in "and insert " for."

1.

15-

Leave out " in " and insert " from " and by."

Pr. 18. 1. 8. After "not" insert " with due Di-" ligence."

After respect " insert " by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or " any of them, or by any Officer " or Non-commissioned Officers of " the said Regiment, Battalion, or " Company, or by any other Person authorized to give him such " Order." .

In Clause " A " leave out " to pardon" and insert "pardoning if he " shall think fit," and in the same Line after " all " insert " or any."

7. Leave out "and."

8. Leave out "they" and insert " such , " Men so pardoned."

1. 13. L^aveout "all" and insert "every," and in the same Line leave out " Men" and insert " Man," and also in the same Line after "shall" insert " before the passing of this " Act."

Pr.

1. 4 *

1.

1.

Xx>rdsAmend-

ments to Ball India Company's Recruiting

Bill, agreed to.

39 Geo. III. x 20

74»

Pr. t8. ]. 15. Leave out "provided" and insert " on Condition;" .

1. 16. Leave out "the said " and insert " such."

1. 20. Leave out " provided that" and insert " shall."

1. 22. Leave out " he shall."

1. 24. Leave out " they " and insert " such " Militia Man so pardoned and enlisting."

I.38. Leave out "his" and insert " their." Pr. 21; I. 9.I Leave out " so appointed to" and & 10.1 insert " which shall," and in the same Line after " receive " insert " any such."

1. 11; After " shall " insert " during the " Term of Five Years next cnl'uing, " or during the Continuance of the " War and for Six Months after " the Expiration thereof."

1. 5. In Clause " B " after " Days " insert " or as soon as conveniently " may be."

Pr. 30. 1. 26. Leave out "be" and insert "have been." Pr. 32. 1. 4. Leave out "in future."

At the End of the Bill insert Clause " A." Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That so " much of this Act as relates to the " Number of Men to serve in the " Militia for that Part of

fain called ,shall remain

" and be in force during the Continuance of the War, and for Six " Months after the Conclusion of a " General Peace, and no longer." The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Housei

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 31. Leave out " swear to be true," and insert " A. B. being enlisted to " serve either in His Majesty's " Troops, or in the Forces of the " East India Company, according " as His Majesty shall think fit, " do swear that I will bear true " Allegiance."

1. 33: Leave out " to " and insert " that I

" will, as in my Duty bound."

1. 35. & 36. Leave out " or Opposers whatsoever."

1. 39. After " will " insert " duly."

Pr. 4. 1. 3. Leave out from " and " to " of" in

line 5, and insert " that if His Majesty shall please to appoint " me to serve in the Forces."

I. 9. After " will " insert " duly."

Pr. 7. I. 3. After " Company " insert " with the

" Approbation of His Majesty, " signified under the Hand Writing of One of His Majesty's " Principal Secretaries of State."

1. 13. Leave out from " One " to " such " " in line 22 of the same Press, and insert " Commanding Officer and, " and in the same Line leave out " Number of" and insert " other."

VOL. 54.

Pr. 7. 1. 24. Leave out from Commissions" to "as" in Line 27; and in the same Line leave out " they," and also in the same Line leave out " find " and insert " be."

1-. 31. After "Abroad" insert "and that " it shall also be lawful for the " said Court of Directors to appoint, from the Number of Men " io enlisted or transferred as aforesaid, such Number of Serjeants, " Corporals, Drummers, and Fibers, " as shall be necessary for the same " Purpose."

1. ult. Leave out from " the " to " Court" in Pr. 8. 1 1. and in the same Line after " Directors " insert " of " the said Company."

Pr. 8. 1. 22. After " Successors" insert "Clause A." Clause (A.) " Provided also, That from and after " the passing of this Act, and until " the Twenty-fifth Day of March " One thousand Eight hundred, " no greater Number than Three " Thousand of Men, enlisted for the " special Purpose aforesaid, and " not transferred by His Majesty " to the Service of the said Company, shall at any one Time be " maintained by His Majesty with-' " in this Realm; and that from and " after the said Day, no greater " Number of such Men shall be " so maintained than shall be spedaily included within the Provisions of such Act or Acts of Parliament as may from Time to Time be made and be in force " for the Punishment of Mutiny " and Desertion, or for the Discipline and Government of His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain." Pr. 8. 1. 23. Before the Word " and " inlert " Provided also."

1. 25. After " Company" insert " with His Majesty's Approbation so figmfied as aforesaid."

The said Amendments being leveraily read a Second Time, were, upon the Question leveraily put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Theop/ii/us Metcalfe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for erecting a Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Ju-rildiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transacting the other Public Business of the said City and Liberty.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 32. Leave out " purchased" and insert " agreed to purchase."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

9 C An

Lords Amend-ments to Westminster Court House Bill, agreed to.

Lords Amend-mtmts to Small Notes Duty Bill, agreed to.

Lords Amend-ments to Bill to amend Land Tax Redemption Act, agreed to.

Lords Amendments to Pampisford Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

74 a 12°

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promifl'ory Notes for small Sums of Money.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-lorvetll; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 3. After " and" insert " One Pound " and."

Pr. 12. 1. 1 < After " and" insert " One Pound " and."

And it appearing to the House, that the Amendments, made by the Lords, were to correct a Mi (hike 'which had been made, in Two Places in the Bill, by the Omission of the Words " One Pound and it being evident, from the Context of the Bill, that it was the Intention of this House, that the several Duties intended to be imposed upon small Notes, were to be, upon Notes of the Value of One Pound, a Duty of Two Pence; and, upon Notes of the Value of One Pound and One Shilling, a like Duty of Two Pence; and, upon Notes of the Value of Five Shillings, a Duty of One Half Penny; and that the said Amendments were only to rectify such Mistake;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Brugge do carry' the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 18. Leave out the second "and."

Pr. 19. 1. 6. Leave out " Manor" and insert " Manors."

Pr. 20. 1. 7. After " Entail " insert " shall be."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pampisford, in the County of Cambridge.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 24. Leave out from " whereas" to " certain," in line 28, and insert " there are."

1. 30. After " aforesaid " insert " which."

1. 33.) After " aforesaid " insert " belong to & 34. \ " the Vicars of Pampisford aforesaid."

Pr. 25. 1. 23. Leave out from " the" to " of" in " Line 27, and insert " Vicar."

1. «8. After " aforesaid" insert " and his " Successors."

Pr. 26. 1. 3.) Leave out " John and insert

& 4. j " Vicar," and in Lines 4 & 5 leave out " Sequestrators or."

1. 17. Leave out " John " and insert

" Vicar."

1. 24. Leave out " John Caut/ey " and insert " Vicar."

Pr. 27. 1. 10. Leave out " John " and insert

" Vicar."

1. 11. Leave out " Sequestrators or."

Julii. 1799.

Pr. 27. 1. 22. Leave out " Sequestrator or."

Pr. 28. 1. 34. Leave out " John " and insert

" Vicar."

1. 35. Leave out " Sequestrators or."

1. 39. In the Interlineation leave out " Sequestrator or."

Pr. 39. 1. 13. Leave out " John " and insert

" Vicar." .

1. 14. Leave out " Sequestrators or."

1. 17. Leave out from the second "the" to " for," in line 18. and insert " Bishop of the Diocese, and the " Patron of the Vicarage."

1. 19. Leave out " his Hand" and insert " their Hands."

1. 20. Leave out " Seal " and insert " Seals."

Pr. 43. 1. 36. After " authorized" insert " and, " and in the same line and line 37, leave out " and required."

Pr. 44. 1. 22. Leave out " after " and insert " before."

Pr. 43. 1. 20. Leave out " or as near thereto as may " be."

Pr. 69. 1. 24. Leave out " John " and insert

" Vicar."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Douglas reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the present State of the Distillery of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and of the Laws relative thereto, and the Duties payable in respect thereof, and to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof, together with several Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws concerning the Prevention and Prosecution and Punishment of Offences committed in respect of the Distillery of Spirits in Scotland, and the Duties payable thereon, as a Branch of the Revenue of Excil'e, require Revision, and will admit of considerable Amendment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there are very considerable Defects incident to the System of Survey, and also to that of Licence, if taken separately, which, from their Nature, appear to be incapable of being cured by any further Improvement which can be real'onably foreseen as applicable to either.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Plan may be formed, whereby the Two Svftems of Licence and Survey shall be combined together, in a Manner calculated, on the one Hand, on the Knowledge which has already (and which may (till be obtained by farther Investigation) been acquired with respect to the Art of Distillationj and, on the other Hand, with a just Regard to the real Interests of the Country, of the Distiller, and of the Revenue, as connected therewith, and which shall possess many of the Advantages, without being liable to many of the Objections inherent in the one and the other System, when considered as exclusive Modes of Taxation on the Distillery of Spirits in Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, on a Comparison of the different Computations, made on various Grounds, which have been dated to them, That the Numbej of Gallons of Spirits annually

consumed

Report front Committee on Scotch Distil-lery.

Answers to Addresses.

Resolution respecting Public Contributions.

39 Geo. III. x 20 Julii.

743

consumed in Scotland, hath been reckoned to amount to from 2,400,000 Gallons to 5,400,000 Gallons, and that the Average of thele different Computations gives 3,686,136 Gallons; but that the Degree of Strength, in the Contemplation of the Persons making such Compu tations, has not in general been distinctly specified by them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the dilicrent Computations, made on various Grounds, which have been Hated to this Committee, of the Rate per Gallon of Spirits the Distiller could afford to pay to the Revenue, give, on the Average thereof, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence Gallon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, according to the Two Average Computations of the Quantum of Consumption and Rate of Duty, mentioned in the Two foregoing Resolutions, the Annual Sum which might be expected to be raised on Spirits distilled from Grain in Scotland, for the Consumption of that Country, if an effectual Scheme of Assessment and Collection could be deviled, from the above-mentioned Statements, would appear to be £.460,767, on the Supposition that the Strength of Spirits, with regard to which the said Computations of Consumption and Rate of Duty have been made, was taken to be One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Inch a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of t his Session.

IV. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to giv Directions to the Governors ot His Majesty's Iffands and Plantations in the Wrfl Indies, to transmit an Account, specifying, as

far as the same can be made up. the Total Number of Negroes now in each of fuel'. Iffands and Plantations respectively, and the Total Number of Births and Deaths (on an Average of the Lift Three Years) distinguishing what Proportion of those that died were born within such Iffands or Plantations, or had been imported more than Three Years before, and what Number of those that died had been imported within Three Years of the Time of their Death, together with the Documents on which such Accounts shall be founded, in order that the same may be laid before this House early in the next Session of Parliament) had been patented to His Majesty; and that H is Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that l ie will give Directions as deffred by the said Address.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported to tl\e House, That their Addr. Is of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer l'ome Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. William Busby, Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will confer some Dignity in the Church upon- the Reverend Mr. William Bufly, as is deffred.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two Hundred and Twenty Pounds to be advanced to Mr. George Whitt am, for making an Index to the Votes of this House, of the last Session of Parliament, and for defraying the Expence of printing the lame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions, as deffred by the said Address.

Resolved Nemhie Contract'contc, That this House doth acknowledge, with great Satisfaction, the liberal Contri-

Vol. 54.

buttons towards the Exigencies of the State, which have been received not only from all Gaffes and Conditions of His Majesty's Subic els in Great Britain, but also from those reffdent in the British Territories and Plantations in the Eafland West Indies, in the Colonies in,

and in Foreign Countries.

Ordered, That such Number of Copies of the Ac- Account to count, which was this Day presented to the House by bt Printt<1- Mr. Ozven (from the Directors of the India Company)

be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Looe the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ' electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of East Looe, in the County oiCornwall, in the room of John Smith, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of.

Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and in the.

County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Beenlfton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wnt the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Beeralfton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir John MKnight, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bamff" Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Shire of Bamff, in the room of William Grant, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of Old Shoreham, in the County of Sussex,

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Rorai Assent Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: to BlU "

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills, and one Private Bill, following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the ConioliJated Fund; for applying certain Sums of Money therein ment ioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this '

Session of Parliament:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promift'ory Notes for small Sums of Money:

An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hu//, anti also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts of Westminster Hall on their Resignation of their respective Offices:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts for the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax:

An Act for the Reduction of the Militia Forces at the Time, and in the Manner, therein limited, for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces for the vigorous Prosecution of the War, and for amending the Laws relating to the Militia:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Y"ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for crcCting a

Building

His Majesty speech.

744 12° Julii. — 270 Augujli. A. 1799-

Building for holding the Courts, and exercising the Ju-ril'diction, of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in H'ej and for holding the

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transaCling the other Public Business of the said City and Liberty:

An Act to permit, until the First Day of One thousand Eight hundred and Two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany:

An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company:

An Act for enabling His Majesty to incorporate, by Charter, a Company to be called " The Globe " Company," for Insurance on Lives, and against Lois or Damage by Fire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, such Goods as shall be specified in such Order, to be imported into this Kingdom in Neutral Ships:

An Act to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the Office of Chief Justice, or of one of the Justices of either Bench, or of Chief Baron, or one of the Barons of the Exchequer, to take upon themselves the Degree of a Serjeant at Law in Vacation.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and W'afte Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Cambridge.

't After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The favourable Appearances which I announced to you, at the Commencement of the present Session, have since been followed by Successes beyond My most fan-guine Expectations.

By the Progress of the Imperial Arms, under the Command of the Archduke Charles of , a great Part

of Switzerland has already recovered its ancient Religion, Laws, and Liberties; and the uninterrupted and brilliant Victories of the Combined Armies, under the Command of Field Marshal , have, in the short

Period which has elapsed since the Opening of the Campaign, nearly accomplished the Deliverance of rom the degrading Yoke of the French Republic.

The Decision and Energy which distinguish the Councils of My Ally the Emperor of , and the intimate Union and Concert happily established between Us, will enable Me to employ, to the greatest Advantage, the powerful Means which you have entrusted to Me, for establishing, on permanent Grounds, the Security and Honour of this Country, and the Liberty and Independence of Europe.

I have the Satisfaction of seeing, that internal Tranquillity is in some Degree restored in My Kingdom of Ireland.

The Removal of the only remaining Naval Force of the Enemy to a distant Quarter, mult nearly extinguish even the precarious Hope which the Traitorous and Dif-affected have entertained of Foreign Assistance.

But Our great Reliance for the immediate Safety of that Country, must still rest on the experienced Zeal and Bravery of My Troops of all Descriptions, and on the unshaken Loyalty and voluntary Exertions of My faithful Subjects in both Kingdoms.

Its ultimate Security can alone be ensured by its intimate and entire Union with Great; and I am

happy to observe, that the Sentiments manifested by numerous and respectable Descriptions of My Irish Subjects justify the Hope, that the Accomplishment of this 8

great and salutary Work will be proved to be as much the joint With, as it unquestionably is the common Interest, of both My Kingdoms.

The Provisions which you have made for suppressing those dangerous and seditious Societies, which had been formed for the Purpose of dilleminating the destructive Principles of the French Resolution, are peculiarly adapted to the Circumstances of the Times, and have furnished additional Security to the established Constitution.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The unusual Sacrifices which you have made in the present Moment, on Behalf of My Subjects, are wifely calculated to meet effectually the Exigencies of this great Crisis. They have, at the same Time, given additional Security to Public Credit, by establishing a Syl-tem of Finance, beneficial alike to yourselves and to Posterity; and the Chearfulness with which these heavy Burthens are supported, evince at once the good Sense, the Loyalty, and the Public Spirit of My People.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is impossible to compare the Events of the present Year with the State and Prospects of Europe at the Distance of but a few Months, without acknowledging, in humble Thankfulness, the visible Interposition of Divine Providence, in averting those Dangers which so long threatened the Overthrow of all the Establishments of the civilized World.

It may be permitted to Us to hope, that the same protecting Providence will continue to Us its Guidance through the Remainder of this eventful Contest; and will conduct it finally to such an Ifl'ue as shall transmit to future Ages a memorable Example of the Instability of all Power founded on Injustice, Usurpation, and Impiety; and shall prove the Impossibility of ultimately dissolving the Connection between Public Prosperity and Public Virtue.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Ma- Parliament jesty's Command, said, r>gued.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to 7uefday the 27th Day of August next, to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to the 27th Day

of Augujlnext.

Martis, 2 70 dieAugujli;

Anno 39® Georgii III111 Regis, 1799.

Prayers.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Prorosuei1-Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black llod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where a Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until 7 uefday, the 29th Day of October next; and the

Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the

29th Day of October next.

39 Geo. III.

745

By the KIN G.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

Whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of Our Reign, intituled, An Act to shorten the Time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Difoatch of Business, and more effectually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the same of a Demise of the Crown, it is enacted. That, whenever We shall be pleated, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to issue Our Royal Proclamation, giving Notice of Our Royal Intention that Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business, on any Day, being not lets than Fourteen Days from the Date of such Proclamation, the same shall be a full and sufficient Notice, to all Pei Ions whatever, of such Our Royal Intention; and the Parliament shall thereby stand prorogued to the Day and Place therein declared, notwithstanding any previous Prorogation of the Parliament to any longer Day, and; notwithstanding any former Law, Usage, or Practice, to the contrary. And whereas Our Parliament now Rands prorogued to Tuesdaythe Twenty-ninth Day of October next; and forasmuch as for certain Causes We are desirous that Our Parliament should meet on an earlier Day, for the Dispatch of Business, We, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, do, by this Our Royal Proclamation, publish and declare Our Royal Will and Intention, That Our said Parliament shall meet, and be holden on Tuesday the Twenty-fourth Day of this Instant September, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give Attendance accordingly, at on the said Twenty-

fourth Day of September.

Given at Our Court at Weymouth, the Ninth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-nine, and in the Thirty-ninth Year of Our Reign.

God lave the KING.

[Index removed.]

